--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
GMI Base Prospectus dated 18 November 2024 
 
CITIGROUP INC. 
(incorporated in Delaware) 
and 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
(a corporation duly incorporated and existing under the laws of the state of New York) 
and 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
(incorporated as a corporate partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) 
under Luxembourg law, with registered office at 31 - Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of 
Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 169.199) 
 
each an issuer under the 
Citi Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. will 
be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
CITIGROUP INC. 
(incorporated in Delaware) 
Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
(incorporated in England and Wales) 
 
 
 
 
 
Arranger of the Programme 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Dealers 
CGML 
CGMI 
CGME

--- Page 2 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
ii 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Defined terms used but not defined in this section shall be as defined in Section A – General Description 
of the Programme. 
Distribution of Securities 
Securities may be issued on a continuing basis to Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc. and/or Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG and/or any additional dealer appointed under 
the Citi Global Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") from time to time by the Issuers 
(each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis. In relation to each issue of Securities, the Dealer(s) will be specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. However, each Issuer reserves the right to sell Securities directly on its own behalf to other 
entities and to offer Securities in specified jurisdictions directly to the public through distributors, in 
accordance with all applicable rules and regulations. Securities may be resold at prevailing market prices, 
or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. 
Securities may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealer(s), acting as agent of the Issuer. 
In connection with your acquisition of Securities issued under this Base Prospectus, an affiliate of the 
Issuer may provide product and sales services to you ("Services"). Each affiliate provides such Services 
on its own behalf. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Citi and its affiliates (including the Issuer and any 
such affiliates of the Issuer) have previously agreed to share revenue in respect of any Securities based 
on the respective contributions by such Citi companies, including the provision by such affiliate(s) of 
Services. Accordingly, a portion of the revenue received by the Issuer from you in respect of the 
Securities is allocable to such affiliate(s) and is received by the Issuer on behalf of such affiliate(s). For 
a 
list 
of 
affiliates 
providing 
Services 
in 
specific 
countries, 
please 
see 
https://www.citibank.com/icg/docs/Affiliates.pdf. 
Pursuant to this Base Prospectus, Securities may be issued whose return (in respect of any interest 
payable on such Securities and/or their redemption amount) is linked to one or more security indices 
("Security Index Linked Securities") or one or more inflation indices ("Inflation Index Linked 
Securities") or one or more commodity indices ("Commodity Index Linked Securities") or one or more 
commodities ("Commodity Linked Securities") or one or more shares ("Share Linked Securities") or 
one or more depositary receipts ("Depositary Receipt Linked Securities") or one or more exchange 
traded fund ("ETF") shares ("ETF Linked Securities") or one or more mutual funds ("Mutual Fund 
Linked Securities") or one or more currency exchange rates ("FX Rate Linked Securities") or one or 
more bespoke or proprietary indices ("Bespoke Index Linked Securities") or one or more Dividend 
Futures Contracts ("Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities") or one or more rates ("Rate 
Linked Securities") or one or more preference shares ("Preference Share Linked Securities") or one 
or more debt securities ("Debt Security Warrants"). The aforementioned Securities together, 
"Underlying Linked Securities", as more fully described in this Base Prospectus. In addition, Notes 
may be issued whose return (in respect of interest payable on such Notes and/or the repayment of 
principal on such Notes) is linked to the credit of one or more specified entities ("Credit Linked Notes") 
or a package skew position (as described above) ("Index Skew Notes") or linked to a notional 
transaction, which is a hypothetical credit default swap or index linked swaption (or such other 
transaction as is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) in relation to one or more specified 
entities ("Credit Linked Warrants"). Credit Linked Notes which are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market or publicly offered within the EEA will only reference Reference Entities which have securities 
admitted to trading on a relevant market. 
Securities may provide that settlement will be by way of cash settlement ("Cash Settled Securities") or 
physical delivery ("Physical Delivery Securities") as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
and the applicable Issue Terms. However, no Securities will be issued under this Base Prospectus 
which provide for physical delivery of any shares or transferable securities equivalent to shares 
issued by the relevant Issuer or an entity belonging to the group of the relevant Issuer. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Securities may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
relevant Terms and Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, in which event, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or, if applicable, a separate drawdown prospectus which describes the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Securities, will be made available.

--- Page 3 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
iii 
 
Approvals of the Base Prospectus 
Each of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus (in each case, as defined below) has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission 
de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF), as competent authority (the "Competent Authority") 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The CSSF only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered an endorsement of 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for 
the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the 
quality or solvency of any of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities.  
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, "MiFID II"). By 
approving a prospectus, in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in 
respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of any of 
the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor.  
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities (including Exempt 
Securities (as defined below)) issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue 
of the relevant Securities or at all. An electronic copy of this Base Prospectus, the relevant documents 
incorporated by reference herein, and the Issue Terms of such Securities will be published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com, for so long as the Securities are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
In addition, application has been or may also be made for Securities (other than Exempt Securities) issued 
under the Programme: 
(a) 
during the period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin");  
(b) 
to be listed on the NASDAQ Stockholm AB and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the NASDAQ Stockholm AB; 
(c) 
to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the electronic "Bond 
Market" organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "MOT");  
(d) 
to be listed on the official list of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG) 
(e) 
during the period of 12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the regulated 
market of the Paris Stock Exchange trading as Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris"); and 
(f) 
during the period of 12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the AIAF 
Fixed Income Market (the "AIAF Market") and admitted to trading on the Spanish Stock 
Exchange, 
but, in each such case, there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date 
of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. Each of the markets listed at (a) to (d) above is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date in relation to Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid.

--- Page 4 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
iv 
 
 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Securities 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the 
EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Securities" are to Securities 
for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has 
neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt 
Securities and has neither reviewed nor approved any information in relation to the admission to trading 
of Securities on a multi trading facility ("MTF") or any market which is not a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the approval 
of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus as 
Base Listing Particulars (the "Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars", the "CGMHI Base Listing 
Particulars" and the "CGMFL Base Listing Particulars", respectively, and together, (the "Base 
Listing Particulars") with respect to Securities (including the Exempt Securities) issued by CGMFL 
and Exempt Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI as a base prospectus for the purposes of Part 
IV of the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectus for securities. Application has also been 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities (including Exempt Securities) issued by each 
Issuer during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF 
Market (the "Euro MTF"). 
Application has also been made to Euronext Dublin for the approval of the Base Listing Particulars. 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for Securities issued during the 12 months from the date 
of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the global exchange 
market (the "Global Exchange Market") which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Issuers on the Global Exchange Market, a multilateral trading facility ("MTF"), are not subject to the 
same rules as issuers on a regulated market. The risk in investing in securities on GEM may therefore be 
higher than investing in securities listed on a regulated market. Investors should take this into account 
when making investment decisions. 
Each Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars, the CGMHI Base Listing Particulars and the CGMFL Base 
Listing Particulars constitutes admission particulars for the purposes of the International Securities 
Market Rulebook (the "ISM Rulebook"). Application has been made to the London Stock Exchange for 
Securities issued by each Issuer during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be 
admitted to trading on the International Securities Market of the London Stock Exchange which is a 
multilateral trading facility (the "ISM"). 
The International Securities Market (the "ISM") of the London Stock Exchange plc (the "London 
Stock Exchange") is a market designated for professional investors. Securities admitted to trading 
on the ISM are not admitted to the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"). The 
London Stock Exchange has not approved or verified the contents of this Base Prospectus. 
Application may also be made for Securities issued under the Programme: 
(i) 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading (i) on the Electronic Bond Market organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("MOT") and (ii) on the multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX, 
Bond-X Segment, organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("EuroTLX – Bond-X") or 
any other relevant market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.; 
(ii) 
to be admitted to trading (i) on the multilateral trading facility of securitised derivatives financial 
instruments, organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX") and (ii) on the 
multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX, Cert-X Segment, organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. ("EuroTLX – Cert-X") or any other relevant market organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A.; 
(iii) 
to be listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial 
Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) (the "Frankfurt 
Freiverkehr");  
(iv) 
to be listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Vienna MTF of the 
Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse AG), which is a multilateral trading facility (the "Vienna 
MTF");

--- Page 5 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
v 
 
(v) 
during the period of 12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on NASDAQ 
Stockholm AB and admitted to trading on the NASDAQ First North Sweden of NASDAQ 
Stockholm AB which is a multilateral trading facility (the "NASDAQ Stockholm MTF"); and 
(vi) 
during the period of 12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading 
on SPECTRUM, which is a multilateral trading facility operated by Spectrum MTF Operator 
GmbH ("SPECTRUM"),  
but, in each such case, there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date 
of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. None of the Euro MTF, the Global Exchange 
Market, the ISM and the stock exchanges or markets listed at (i) to (vi) above are regulated markets for 
the purposes of MiFID II. 
Save where expressly provided or the context otherwise requires, where Securities are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading on the Euro MTF, the Global Exchange Market, the ISM and the stock exchanges or 
markets listed at (i) to (vi) above references in this document to "Base Prospectus", "Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus", "CGMHI Base Prospectus" and "CGMFL Base Prospectus" shall be construed to be to 
"Base Listing Particulars", "Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars", "CGMHI Base Listing 
Particulars" and "CGMFL Base Listing Particulars", respectively.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Securities being listed (and all related references) shall mean (i) 
that such Securities have been listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or (ii) have been admitted to trading and/or 
(where applicable) listing on the relevant stock exchange or market listed above. 
In respect of Securities to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Issue Terms will 
be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of the Securities of that 
Tranche. In respect of Securities to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the applicable Issue Terms will be 
delivered to Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of the Securities of that Tranche. The issue 
price and amount of the Securities of any Tranche will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of the issue of such Tranche in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms, an issue of Securities may or may not be listed or admitted 
to trading, as the case may be, on the stock exchanges or markets listed above and/or any other stock 
exchange or market, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Securities and is not itself seeking admission of the Securities to the official list or 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. 
Risk warnings 
AN ISSUE OF SECURITIES MAY BE OF A SPECIALIST NATURE AND SHOULD ONLY BE 
BOUGHT 
AND 
TRADED 
BY 
INVESTORS 
WHO 
ARE 
PARTICULARLY 
KNOWLEDGEABLE IN INVESTMENT MATTERS. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF 
SECURITIES SHOULD ENSURE THAT THEY UNDERSTAND THE NATURE OF THE 
RELEVANT SECURITIES AND THE EXTENT OF THEIR EXPOSURE TO RISKS AND 
THAT THEY CONSIDER THE SUITABILITY OF THE RELEVANT SECURITIES AS AN 
INVESTMENT IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN CIRCUMSTANCES AND FINANCIAL 
CONDITION. IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS TO ENSURE 
THAT THEY HAVE SUFFICIENT KNOWLEDGE, EXPERIENCE AND PROFESSIONAL 
ADVICE TO MAKE THEIR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, ACCOUNTING AND OTHER 
BUSINESS EVALUATION OF THE MERITS AND RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE 
SECURITIES AND ARE NOT RELYING ON THE ADVICE OF THE ISSUER, (IF 
APPLICABLE) THE CGMHI GUARANTOR, THE CGMFL GUARANTOR OR ANY DEALER 
IN THIS REGARD. SECURITIES MAY INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK, INCLUDING 
THE PRINCIPAL OR INITIAL INVESTMENT AMOUNT POTENTIALLY NOT BEING 
PROTECTED. INVESTORS MAY SUSTAIN A LOSS OF ALL OR PART OF THEIR 
INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES. SEE "RISK FACTORS" SET OUT IN THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS.

--- Page 6 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
vi 
 
 
Prospective investors should note that, in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates, the 
Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor are limited to the events stated in General 
Conditions 11(a)(i) and 11(a)(ii) (Events of Default) relating to default in payment of principal, 
interest or termination amounts in respect of the Securities but will not include the insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the CGMHI Guarantor (or any similar event), any other default of the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee being (or being claimed not to be) in full force and 
effect. Therefore, even though the CGMHI Guarantor may be declared insolvent or have entered 
into bankruptcy proceedings or disclaimed the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, holders of Securities 
issued by CGMHI will not be able to trigger an Event of Default under the Securities and thus will 
not be able to cause the Securities to be immediately due and payable, and the Securities will not 
redeem until maturity (unless there has been an Event of Default due to non-payment of interest, 
principal or termination amounts or bankruptcy or other default of CGMHI in the meantime or 
the occurrence of any other applicable event triggering an early redemption of the Securities). It 
is possible that holders may receive a lower return at maturity than if they were able to accelerate 
the Securities for immediate repayment in such circumstances. 
Investors in Warrants or Exercisable Certificates should note that the Conditions of such 
Securities do not contain events of default. Therefore, even though CGMHI, CGMFL or the 
CGMFL Guarantor may be declared insolvent or have entered into bankruptcy proceedings, 
holders of such Securities will not be able to cause the Securities to be immediately due and payable 
on an insolvency or bankruptcy of CGMHI, CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor. 
The Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL WEC 
Deed of Guarantee constitute unconditional liabilities of the respective issuers. None of the Securities, 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL WEC Deed of 
Guarantee is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") or any other deposit 
protection insurance scheme. 
Any investment in the Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope 
of the deposit protection scheme operated by the CSSF. The Issuers are not regulated by the CSSF by 
virtue of the issue of any Securities. 
Belgian Code of Economic Law 
In respect of public offers of Securities in Belgium, the Issuer could be required to comply with the 
provisions of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, especially the provisions on unfair terms in the 
application of the Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms 
relating to such Securities in Belgium, insofar as these provisions are applicable. 
Governing law of the Securities 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates issued under the Programme will be governed by English law 
("English Law Securities") (subject as provided below in relation to Swedish Securities, Finnish 
Securities and French Cleared Securities), Irish law ("Irish Law Securities"), French law ("French Law 
Securities") or by the law of the State of New York ("New York Law Securities") as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates will be governed by 
English law ("English Law Warrants"), Irish law ("Irish Law Warrants") or by German Law 
("German Law Warrants"), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Form of the Securities 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates 
Subject as provided below in the case of Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities and French Law 
Securities, Securities which are Notes or Certificates to be issued hereunder will be in registered form 
("Registered NC Securities"). Registered NC Securities which are held in Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A., ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") (or in the case of French 
Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France S.A. ("Euroclear France")) or the Depository Trust Company 
("DTC"), as the case may be, will be represented by a global registered certificate (a "Global Registered 
NC Security") registered in the name of a nominee for either Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) or DTC, as the case may be, and the

--- Page 7 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
vii 
 
Global Registered NC Security will be delivered to the appropriate depositary, common safekeeper or 
custodian, as the case may be. Interests in a Global Registered NC Security will be exchangeable for 
definitive registered NC certificates (each a "Definitive Registered Security") as described under "Form 
of the Securities" set out in this Base Prospectus, one Definitive Registered Security being issued in 
respect of each holder's entire holding of Registered NC Securities of one Series. In addition, indirect 
interests in Securities which are Notes or Certificates may be delivered, held and settled via the CREST 
Depository Interest ("CDI") mechanism in Euroclear UK & International Limited ("CREST"). 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates issued in accordance with the Swedish Act on Central 
Securities 
Depositories 
and 
Financial 
Instruments Accounts (Sw. 
lag 
(1998:1479) 
om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av financiella instrument) ("SFIA Act") ("Swedish Securities") 
will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the SFIA Act, all 
as more fully described in the applicable Issue Terms. No global or definitive registered Swedish 
Securities will be issued. The Swedish Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the 
provisions of the SFIA Act, other applicable Swedish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable 
to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Sweden AB ("Euroclear Sweden"). 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates issued in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry 
System and Clearing Operations (Fin. Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, 
as amended)) and with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. Laki arvo-osuustileistä 
(827/1991, as amended) ("Finnish Securities") will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book 
entry form in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fin. 
Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and with the Finnish Act 
on Book-Entry Account (Fin. Laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)), all as more fully 
described in the applicable Issue Terms. No global or definitive registered Securities will be issued. The 
Finnish Securities will be registrable and transferable only in accordance with the legislation, rules and 
regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland Ltd ("Euroclear Finland"). Finnish 
Securities will be subject to automatic redemption and be cash settled.  
French Law Securities are issued in dematerialised form and must at all times be in book-entry form in 
compliance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. French Law 
Securities shall constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213–5 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. No global or definitive French Law Securities will be issued. The French Law 
Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. 
French Law Securities may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either: (i) bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France which shall credit the accounts of 
an accountholder (being any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts 
directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) (the "Euroclear France Accountholder"); or (ii) in registered 
dematerialised form (au echaracte) and, at the option of the Securityholder in either administered 
registered form (au echaracte echaracte) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France Accountholder 
(and mirroring the inscriptions in the books maintained by the Issuer or the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable) or in fully registered form (au echaracte 
pur) inscribed in an account held by Euroclear France and in the books maintained by the Issuer (or the 
French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable). French Law 
Securities will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France, and through Euroclear France as an 
intermediary into Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates 
Subject as provided below in the case of German Law Warrants, Securities which are Warrants or 
Exercisable Certificates to be issued hereunder will be in registered form ("Registered WEC Securities" 
and, together with Registered NC Securities, "Registered Securities"). Registered WEC Securities 
which are held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, will be 
represented by a global registered WEC certificate (a "Global Registered WEC Security" and 
collectively, Global Registered WEC Securities together with Global Registered NC Securities, "Global 
Registered Securities") registered in the name of a nominee for either Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, and the Global Registered WEC Security will be delivered to 
the appropriate depositary, common safekeeper or custodian, as the case may be. No Registered WEC 
Securities in definitive form will be issued.

--- Page 8 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
viii 
 
 
German Law Warrants to be issued hereunder will be in bearer form ("Bearer WEC Securities"). Bearer 
WEC Securities will be held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be represented by a 
global bearer WEC certificate (a "Regulation S Global Bearer WEC Security" and collectively, Global 
Bearer WEC Securities together with Global Registered Securities, "Global Securities") registered in 
the name of a nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which will be delivered to the 
appropriate depositary. No Bearer WEC Securities in definitive form will be issued. 
U.S. Notices 
Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this "U.S. Notices" section have the meanings given to them in 
Section G.5 "Form of the Securities" below. 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any State thereof.  The Securities do not 
constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options 
thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), and 
trading in the Securities has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
"CFTC") pursuant to the CEA.  No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator 
of the Issuer under the CEA and the rules of the CFTC thereunder.  The Issuer has not registered and will 
not register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
Accordingly, the Securities may not at any time be offered, sold, resold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, to any person other than (i) in the case of Regulation S Global Securities or any Securities 
held in dematerialised form, a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in an offshore transaction in compliance 
with Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), (ii) in the case of Rule 144A Global 
Securities, a Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 
144A") and the securities laws of each State of the United States or (iii) in the case of Combined Global 
Securities, either a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in an offshore transaction in compliance with 
Regulation S or a Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A and the securities laws of each 
State of the United States, or, in each case, to the Issuer or its affiliates. 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify whether the particular issue of Securities offered are Regulation 
S Global Securities, Rule 144A Global Securities or Combined Global Securities or are held in 
dematerialised form. 
A "Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser" is a person that (i) is outside the United States at the time of any 
offer or sale of the Securities to it and is not a "U.S. person" as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) 
of Regulation S; (ii) does not come within any definition of U.S. person for any purpose under the CEA 
or any rule, order, guidance or interpretation proposed or issued by the CFTC under the CEA (for the 
avoidance of doubt, a U.S. person shall include without limitation (a) any person who is either (x) not a 
"Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for 
the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-
United States persons" or (y) not a "foreign located person" as defined in CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii) and 
(b) any person who is a "U.S. Person" or a "Significant Risk Subsidiary", or benefits from a "Guarantee", 
in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA, as such rule may be 
amended, revised, supplemented or superseded); (iii) is not a "U.S. Person" as defined in Rule 3a71-
3(a)(4) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (iv) is not, and whose 
purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee 
benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other plan 
or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code. 
A "Permitted QIB Purchaser" is a person that (i) is a "qualified institutional buyer" (as defined in Rule 
144A) (a "QIB"), purchasing (or holding) the Securities for its own account or for the account of one or 
more QIBs and is aware that the offer and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; and (ii) is 
not, and whose purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, 
an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to 
Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee

--- Page 9 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
ix 
 
benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar 
to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
For additional information about the restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Securities, see 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
Rule 144A Global Securities and Combined Global Securities may be issued only by Citigroup Inc. or 
CGMHI.  Regulation S Global Securities and Combined Global Securities may not be held at any time 
otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared 
Securities only, Euroclear France).   
Any purchaser of Securities that is a registered U.S. investment company should consult its own counsel 
regarding the applicability of Section 12(d) and Section 17 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 and 
the rules promulgated thereunder to its purchase of Securities and should reach an independent 
conclusion with respect to the issues involved in such purchase. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) statement on benchmarks 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable under the Securities may be calculated or otherwise determined 
by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). A 
statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Non-exempt Offer of Securities 
(as defined herein) as to whether or not the relevant administrator of any relevant "benchmark" is 
included in the register of administrators of the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or whether the relevant benchmark falls within the 
scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may 
apply such that the administrator of a particular "benchmark" is not required to be included in the register 
of administrators at the date of the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
x 
 
 
Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus (each 
as defined below)) comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Securities other than Exempt Securities 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in respect of Securities to be issued by 
Citigroup Inc. 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
(as defined below)) comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Securities other than Exempt Securities 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in respect of Securities to be issued by 
CGMHI. 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
(as defined below)) comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Securities other than Exempt Securities 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in respect of Securities to be issued by 
CGMFL. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Citigroup Inc. accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Securities issued under the Programme where 
Citigroup Inc. is the Issuer of such Tranche of Securities. Citigroup Inc. does not take responsibility for 
the CGMHI Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of Citigroup 
Inc., the information contained in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. This paragraph should be read in 
conjunction with "Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates" and "Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors" in the Section "Important 
information relating to offers of Securities which are Notes or Certificates" below. 
CGMHI accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMHI Base Prospectus and (ii) 
the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Securities issued under the Programme where CGMHI is the Issuer 
of such Tranche of Securities. CGMHI does not take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
or the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of CGMHI, the information contained in 
the CGMHI Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important 
information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities which are Notes or Certificates" below and 
"Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors" in the Section "Important information 
relating to offers of Securities which are Notes or Certificates" below. 
In respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates only, the CGMHI Guarantor accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMHI Base Prospectus (excluding the 
information in the Section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc..") and (ii) 
the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Securities issued under the Programme where CGMHI is the Issuer 
of such Tranche of Securities. The CGMHI Guarantor does not take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. 
Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the CGMHI Guarantor, 
the information contained in the CGMHI Base Prospectus (excluding the information in the Section 
entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc..") is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information in relation to Securities which are 
Notes or Certificates. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important information relating 
to Non-exempt Offers of Securities which are Notes or Certificates" below and "Arrangements between 
Investors and Authorised Offerors" in the Section "Important information relating to offers of Securities 
which are Notes or Certificates" below. 
CGMFL accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMFL Base Prospectus and (ii) 
the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Securities issued under the Programme where CGMFL is the Issuer 
of such Tranche of Securities. CGMFL does not take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of CGMFL, the information 
contained in the CGMFL Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with 
"Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities which are Notes or Certificates"

--- Page 11 ---
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
xi 
 
below and "Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors" in the Section "Important 
information relating to offers of Securities which are Notes or Certificates" below.  
The CGMFL Guarantor accepts responsibility for the Information contained in (i) the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus (excluding the information in the Section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A." and the information  set out in the Section entitled "Alternative 
Performance Measures - Citigroup Inc..") and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Securities issued 
under the Programme where CGMFL is the Issuer of such Tranche of Securities. The CGMFL Guarantor 
does not take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus. To 
the best of the knowledge of the CGMFL Guarantor, the information contained in the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information (excluding the information in the Section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.." and the information set out in the Section entitled "Alternative 
Performance Measures - Citigroup Inc.."). This paragraph should be read in conjunction with 
"Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities which are Notes or Certificates" 
below and "Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors" in the Section "Important 
information relating to offers of Securities which are Notes or Certificates" below. 
Where information in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus or the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus (as the case may be) has been sourced from a third party, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) accept(s) responsibility for accurately reproducing such information and, as 
far as the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor is/are aware and is/are able to ascertain 
from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement and in relation to Exempt 
Securities only, any information contained in it relating to the Underlying(s), will only consist of extracts 
from, or summaries of, and will be based solely on, information contained in financial and other 
information released publicly by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying(s). 
Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, in relation to Exempt Securities 
and a Pricing Supplement only, the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor accept(s) 
responsibility for accurately reproducing such extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer and (if 
applicable) the Guarantor is/are aware and is/are able to ascertain from information published by the 
issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying(s), no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. This paragraph should be read in 
conjunction with the paragraphs immediately above. 
The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are 
incorporated by reference in it (see "Documents incorporated by reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus"). The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are incorporated into and form part of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus. 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
by reference in it (see "Documents Incorporated by reference for The CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS"). 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are 
incorporated into and form part of the CGMHI Base Prospectus. 
The CGMFL Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
by reference in it (see "Documents Incorporated by reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus"). The 
CGMFL Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated 
into and form part of the CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
The Citigroup Inc. base prospectus (the "Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus") will comprise this Base 
Prospectus with the exception of: 
(a) 
the information in the Section entitled "Documents Incorporated by reference for The CGMHI 
BASE PROSPECTUS " and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby;  
(b) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by reference for the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby;

--- Page 12 ---
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
xii 
 
 
(c) 
the information in the Section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc."; 
(d) 
the information in the Section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.."; 
(e) 
the information in the Section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited"; 
(f) 
the information in the Section entitled "Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee"; and 
(g) 
the information in the Section entitled "Alternative Performance Measures - CGMFL 
Guarantor". 
The CGMHI base prospectus (the "CGMHI Base Prospectus") will comprise this Base Prospectus with 
the exception of: 
(a) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents incorporated by reference for the Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby;  
(b) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by reference for the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(c) 
the information in the Section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.."; 
(d) 
the information in the Section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited"; 
(e) 
the information in the Section entitled "Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee"; and 
(f) 
the information in the Section entitled "Alternative Performance Measures - CGMFL 
Guarantor". 
The CGMFL base prospectus (the "CGMFL Base Prospectus") will comprise this Base Prospectus with 
the exception of: 
(a) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents incorporated by reference for the Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby;  
(b) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents incorporated by reference for the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(c) 
the information in the Section entitled "Description of Citigroup Inc."; and 
(d) 
the information in the Section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.". 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer and/or, where applicable, the 
Guarantor since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of any Issuer and/or the Guarantor (where applicable) since the date of this Base Prospectus or 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 13 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
SECURITIES GENERALLY 
xiii 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF SECURITIES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless 
specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Issue Terms, no action has been taken by Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor or the Dealers which is intended 
to permit a public offering of any Securities or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Securities may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities in the United States of America, 
the EEA, the United Kingdom, Andorra, Argentina, Australia, Austria, the Bahamas, the Kingdom of 
Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belgium, Brazil, the British Virgin Islands, Bulgaria, Cayman Islands, Chile, 
Colombia, Costa Rica, the Republic of Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, the Dominican Republic, 
the Dubai International Financial Centre, Ecuador, El Salvador, Finland, France, Guatemala, Honduras, 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Hungary, India, Republic of Indonesia, Ireland, Israel, Italy, 
Japan, Republic of Korea, the State of Kuwait, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, Norway, Oman, 
Islamic Republic of Pakistan, Panama, Paraguay, People's Republic of China, Peru, Philippines, Poland, 
Portugal, the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), Romania, the Russian Federation, the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Slovakia, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Switzerland, 
Taiwan, Kingdom of Thailand, the Republic of Türkiye, the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai 
International Financial Centre), Uruguay and the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. See "Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The price and principal amount or number of securities (including any Securities) to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements or other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or any Securities are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
and should not be considered as a recommendation or a statement of opinion, or a report of either of 
those things, by any Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or any of the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or any Securities should purchase any Securities. Each potential purchaser of any 
Securities should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and its purchase of any Securities should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Each 
potential purchaser is authorised to use this Base Prospectus solely for the purpose of considering the 
purchase of Securities described in this Base Prospectus; any other usage of this Base Prospectus is 
unauthorised. None of the Dealers (in the case of CGML, in its capacity as Dealer) undertakes to review 
the financial condition or affairs of any Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in 
any Securities of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
For convenience, certain website addresses have been provided in this Base Prospectus. Except as 
expressly set forth in this Base Prospectus, no information in such websites should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus, the CSSF has not scrutinised or approved the

--- Page 14 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
SECURITIES GENERALLY 
xiv 
 
 
information contained in such websites and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor (where applicable) and 
any Dealer takes responsibility for the information contained in such websites. 
In connection with any Tranche, one or more of the Dealers may act as a stabilisation manager (the 
"Stabilisation Manager(s)"). The identity of the Stabilisation Manager(s), if any, will be disclosed in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Securities, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Issue Terms may over allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Securities is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Securities. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
"Euro", "euro", "€" or "EUR" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended (the "Treaty"), references to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$"  and "$" are to the currency of 
the United States of America, references to "Yen" and "JPY" are to the currency of Japan, references to 
"Renminbi", "RMB", "CNY" are to the currency of the People's Republic of China, references to 
"Sterling", and "GBP" are to the currency of the United Kingdom, references to "Australian dollars" 
and "AUD" are to the currency of the Commonwealth of Australia, references to "New Zealand dollars" 
are to the currency of New Zealand, references to "Polish Zloty" and "PLN" are to the currency of the 
Republic of Poland, references to "Brazilian real" are to the currency of the Federal Republic of Brazil, 
references to "Czech Koruna" and "CZK" are to the currency of the Czech Republic, references to 
"Norwegian Kroner" and "NOK" are to the currency of the Kingdom of Norway, references to "Swedish 
Krona" and "SEK" are to the currency of the Kingdom of Sweden, references to "Saudi Riyals" are to 
the currency of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and references to "Rand" are to the currency of the 
Republic of South Africa.  
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus have 
the meaning attributed to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, or any other section of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where applicable) and the terms of the Securities being offered, including the merits 
and risks involved. None of the Securities has been approved or disapproved by the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory 
authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus 
or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. The Securities do not constitute, and 
have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) 
subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Securities 
has not been approved by the CFTC pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as 
amended. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor (where applicable) and any Dealer makes any representation 
to any investor in any Securities regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws.

--- Page 15 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
SECURITIES GENERALLY 
xv 
 
Any investor in any Securities should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in such 
Securities for an indefinite period of time. 
Securities issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds – None of the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, the Arranger, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or 
warranty or gives any assurance as to whether such Securities will meet any investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green", "social", "sustainable" or similar labels. None of the Arranger, the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any 
assessment of the Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Green Assets, Social Finance Assets or the assets 
comprising any Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio (as defined in the "Investment Considerations" 
section of this Base Prospectus), any verification of whether such assets meet any eligibility criteria set 
out in the Green Bond Framework, the Social Bond Framework or the Social Finance Framework (as 
defined in the "Investment Considerations" section of this Base Prospectus) nor are they responsible for 
the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) for any Securities issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Social Finance Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds or the allocation of the 
proceeds to particular Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Green Assets, Social Finance Assets or assets 
comprising any Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio. Each relevant framework and any public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds will be available on the 
Citi website as described in the "Investment Considerations" section of this Base Prospectus but, for the 
avoidance of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. None of the Issuers, 
the Guarantors, the Arranger and the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability or content of 
such materials. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") and regulations made thereunder; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations 
made thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 16 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
SECURITIES GENERALLY 
xvi 
 
 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted in the United States to a limited number of QIBs only for 
informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of Securities issued 
by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI being offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the United 
States is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be 
distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom 
it is originally submitted. 
Securities may be offered or sold within the United States only if the applicable Issue Terms 
specifies that they are being offered in reliance on Rule 144A and then only to QIBs in transactions 
exempt from registration under the Securities Act. Each U.S. purchaser of Securities is hereby 
notified that the offer and sale of any Securities to it is being made in reliance upon the exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and one or more 
exemptions and/or exclusions from regulation under the CEA. 
Each purchaser or holder of Securities will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such 
Securities, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or 
other transfer of such Securities as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this "U.S. Information" section have the 
meanings given to them in "Form of the Securities". 
Any tax discussion herein was written to support the promotion or marketing of the Securities to 
be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus. Each taxpayer should seek advice based on the 
taxpayer's particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor. 
Notwithstanding any limitation on disclosure by any party provided for in this Base Prospectus, or any 
other provision of this Base Prospectus and its contents or any associated Issue Terms, and effective from 
the date of commencement of any discussions concerning any of the transactions contemplated in it (the 
"Transactions"), any party (and each employee, representative, or other agent of any party) may disclose 
to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the 
Transactions and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to 
it relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, except to the extent that any such disclosure could 
reasonably be expected to cause this Base Prospectus, any associated Issue Terms, or any offering of 
Securities thereunder not to be in compliance with securities laws. For purposes of this paragraph, the 
tax treatment of the Transactions is the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the 
Transactions, and the tax structure of the Transactions is any fact that may be relevant to understanding 
the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Transactions. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
Citigroup Inc. has, in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates issued by it, undertaken in a 
deed poll dated 21 December 2015 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed Poll") and CGMHI and Citigroup Inc. have, in respect of Securities 
issued by CGMHI and guaranteed by Citigroup Inc., undertaken in a deed poll dated 21 December 2015 
(as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "CGMHI Rule 144A Deed Poll" and, 
together with the Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed Poll, the "Rule 144A Deed Polls") to furnish, upon the 
request of a holder of any Securities offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A or any beneficial interest 
in such Securities, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him the information 
required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, 
Citigroup Inc. is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) 
thereunder.  
CGMHI has undertaken in the WEC Agency Agreement (as defined below) to furnish, upon the request 
of a holder of any Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates offered and sold in reliance 
on Rule 144A (or permitted to be transferred on reliance of Rule 144A) or any beneficial interest therein, 
to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him the information required to be delivered 
under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, it is neither a reporting 
company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
"Exchange Act"), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder.

--- Page 17 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
SECURITIES GENERALLY 
xvii 
 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This document may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ("CMA"). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this document and 
expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any 
part of this document. Prospective purchasers of Securities should conduct their own due diligence on 
the accuracy of the information relating to the Securities. If you do not understand the contents of this 
document, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Securities issued in connection with this Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents must only be offered in registered form to existing 
accountholders and "Accredited Investors" (each as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the "CBB")) 
in the Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 
or the equivalent amount in any other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the 
terms of Article (81) of the CBB and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (Decree Law No. 64 of 2006, as 
amended). This Base Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered 
as a prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Securities may be offered, sold or made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or 
material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Securities, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than as marketing to 
Accredited Investors for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved, registered or filed this Base Prospectus or related offering 
documents and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Securities to be marketed for investment, 
whether in or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the 
accuracy and completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole 
or any part of the content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Securities will be made to the public in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, 
passed to, or made available to the public generally. 
Any offer of Securities to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain will be made by way of private placement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no offer of Securities will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
All offers of Securities to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain are therefore intended for "Accredited 
Investors" only. "Accredited Investors" are defined as investors meeting the following criteria: 
(a) 
individuals who have a minimum net worth (or joint net worth with their spouse) of 
U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars) excluding that person's principal place of 
residence; 
(b) 
companies, partnerships, trusts or other commercial undertakings, which have financial assets 
available for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars); or 
(c) 
Governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national monetary authorities, 
and state organisations whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as state 
pension funds). 
Individuals and commercial undertakings may elect in writing to be treated as Accredited Investors 
subject to meeting at least 2 (two) of the following conditions: 
(i) 
the investor has carried out trading/investing transactions, in significant size (i.e. value 
of transactions aggregating U.S.$200,000 (two hundred thousand United States 
Dollars)) over the last twelve (12) month period;

--- Page 18 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
SECURITIES GENERALLY 
xviii 
 
 
(ii) 
the size of the investor's financial assets portfolio including cash deposits and financial 
instruments is U.S.$500,000 (five hundred thousand United States Dollars) or more; 
and/or 
(iii) 
the investor works or has worked in the financial sector for at least 1 (one) year in a 
professional position, which requires knowledge of the transactions or services 
envisaged (i.e. the position was professional in nature and held in a field that allowed 
the client to acquire knowledge of transactions or services that have comparable 
features and a comparable level of complexity to the transactions or services 
envisaged). 
All offers of Securities to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain will be made by way of private placement 
and may only be offered to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain in minimum subscriptions of 
U.S.$100,000 (or equivalent in other currencies). 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE SULTANATE OF OMAN 
Under no circumstances shall the Securities be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the Sultanate of Oman in a way that would constitute as an offer of securities in Oman as 
contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (RD 18/2019) or otherwise under the laws 
of the Sultanate of Oman. This Base Prospectus has not been filed with, reviewed, approved or registered 
as a prospectus with the Capital Market Authority of Oman or the Central Bank of Oman. This Base 
Prospectus is strictly private and confidential and is provided on an exclusive basis to a limited number 
of sophisticated investors upon their request and initiative, and for the recipient's personal use only. It is 
not for general circulation in the Sultanate of Oman and may not be reproduced or used for any other 
purpose. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE STATE OF QATAR 
Under no circumstances shall the Securities be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute 
a public offering. This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer, sale or delivery of interest 
in any securities under the laws of the State of Qatar including the rules and regulations of the Qatar 
Central Bank ("QCB"), Qatar Financial Centre Authority ("QFCA"), Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory 
Authority ("QFCRA") and the Qatar Financial Markets Authority ("QFMA"). This Base Prospectus has 
not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered with the QCB, the Qatar Exchange, the 
QFCRA or the QFMA in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar 
(including the regulations of the Qatar Financial Centre). Therefore, to the extent that this Base 
Prospectus is issued or otherwise made available in the State of Qatar, it is being issued on a strictly 
private and confidential basis to less than two hundred sophisticated investors in the State of Qatar who 
are willing and able to conduct an independent review of the risks involved in an investment of this 
nature. In the State of Qatar it may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose nor provided to any 
other person other than the recipient thereof. The Securities are neither Qatari securities nor will they be 
traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The Securities and interests therein do not constitute debt financing 
in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) under the Commercial Companies Law No. 
(11) of 2015 or otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar (including the regulations of the Qatar 
Financial Centre). The information contained in this Base Prospectus does not, and is not intended to, 
constitute a public or general offer or other invitation in respect of units in a collective investment scheme 
or other securities in the State of Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre and is only intended for specific 
recipients, in compliance with the foregoing. 
RUSSIAN NOTICES 
Information contained herein is not an offer, or an invitation to make offers, sell, exchange or otherwise 
transfer any securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and 
does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the 
meaning of Russian securities laws. Information contained in this Base Prospectus is not intended for 
any persons in the Russian Federation who are not "qualified investors" within the meaning of Article 
51.2 of Federal Law No. 39-FZ "On the Securities Market" dated 22 April 1996, as amended ("Russian 
QIs") and must not be distributed or circulated into Russia or made available in Russia to any persons 
who are not Russian QIs, unless and to the extent they are otherwise permitted to access such information

--- Page 19 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
SECURITIES GENERALLY 
xix 
 
under Russian law. The Securities have not been and will not be registered in Russia and are not intended 
for "placement" or "circulation" in Russia (each as defined in Russian securities laws) or otherwise for 
sale to Russian persons unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law. Information 
contained herein may not correspond to the risk profile of a particular investor, does not take in account 
one's personal preferences and expectations on risk and/or profitability and therefore does not constitute 
an individual investment recommendation for the purposes of Russian law. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN TURKEY 
This Base Prospectus is provided upon your request and this Base Prospectus (and any information 
contained herein) is for information purposes and is not intended to provide any investment advice or 
constitute an offer of Securities for sale, or solicitation of an offer to purchase of Securities by Turkish 
residents or toward the Turkish market. The Securities referred to herein have not been approved by the 
Capital Markets Board of Turkey (the "CMB") and, therefore, no material, announcement or promotion, 
regardless of its form or medium, could be made or distributed to Turkish residents that would constitute 
"an offer of sale in Turkey or towards Turkish residents". Pursuant to Article 15(d)(ii) of Decree No. 32 
regarding the protection of the value of the Turkish currency, however, a resident of Turkey may 
purchase Securities on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, provided that (i) such Securities are traded 
in the financial markets outside of Turkey; (ii) such purchase is made through licensed banks and/or 
licensed brokerage institutions in Turkey; and (iii) the consideration of the purchase of such Securities 
has been or will be transferred through licensed banks operating in Turkey. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES (EXCLUDING THE DUBAI 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE) 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the United Arab Emirates ("UAE") other than to a limited 
number of investors who qualify as professional investors as defined in the Securities and Commodities 
Authority ("SCA") Decision No. 13/RM/2021 on the Rules Handbook of Financial Activities and 
Mechanisms of Status Regularisation. No Securities have been or are being publicly offered, sold, 
promoted or advertised in the UAE. The Securities will be sold outside the UAE and are not part of a 
public offering. This Base Prospectus, any relevant documents and the Securities have not been reviewed 
or approved by, registered or deposited with, the UAE Central Bank, the SCA or any other relevant 
licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE. This Base Prospectus must not be shown, 
made available or provided to any person other than the original recipient and may not be reproduced or 
used for any other purpose. The Securities may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly to the public 
in the UAE. If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, you should consult an 
authorised financial adviser. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
MiFID II product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Securities 
about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 
(the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Securities 
about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Unless otherwise provided, in connection with any issue of Securities in respect of which Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited is the manufacturer (for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules 
and/or the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules), it has prepared the following Target Market 
Assessment and Distribution Strategy https://www.citibank.com/icg/global_markets/docs/Target-
Market-and-Distribution-Strategy-UK-EEA.pdf. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer's target 
market assessment and distribution strategy; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II or UK MiFIR is 
responsible for (i) undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either

--- Page 20 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
SECURITIES GENERALLY 
xx 
 
 
adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment); and (ii) determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the "SFA")  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities, all Securities issued 
or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04 N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).

--- Page 21 ---
xxi 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
SECTION A – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................ 1  
This section sets out a brief description of the Programme.  
SECTION B – RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................11 
This section sets out the principal risks the Issuers and the Guarantors believe to be inherent in investing 
in Securities. 
SECTION C – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS ................................................................ 114 
This section sets out certain investment considerations to be carefully considered by an investor prior to 
making a decision as to whether to invest in the Securities. 
SECTION D – HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT ................................................................... 135 
SECTION E – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR 
INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS ........................................................................................ 151 
This section incorporates selected financial and other information regarding the Issuers and the 
Guarantors from other publicly available documents. This section also details where certain specified 
documents relating to the Securities are made available for viewing. 
SECTION E.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE 
CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS ........................................................................ 152 
SECTION E.2 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI 
BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................................... 161 
SECTION E.3 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL 
BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................................... 173 
SECTION E.4 – DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION ................................ 185 
SECTION E.5 - SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS, THE 
CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS ........................ 187 
SECTION F – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTORS 
 ..................................................................................................................................................... 188 
This section provides a description of the Issuers' and the Guarantors' business activities as well as 
certain other information in respect of them. 
SECTION F.1– DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. ................................................... 189 
SECTION F.2 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC.
 ........................................................................................................................................ 198 
SECTION F.3 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. .................................................................................................. 203 
SECTION F.4 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED ....... 209 
SECTION F.5 – FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE ................................ 212 
SECTION F.6 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CITIGROUP INC.. . 216

--- Page 22 ---
xxii 
 
 
SECTION F.7 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CGMFL GUARANTOR 
 ........................................................................................................................................ 219 
SECTION G - GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
SECURITIES............................................................................................................................... 222 
This section sets out general information relating to the Programme, including Securities which may be 
issued under the Programme. 
SECTION G.1 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF 
SECURITIES UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS ........................................................ 223 
This section sets out certain general information relating to the listing and clearing system(s) 
that may apply to Securities issued under the Base Prospectus, as well as explaining that there 
is no intention to provide post-issuance information. 
SECTION G.2 – ISSUE OF SECURITIES ....................................................................... 226 
This section sets out general information relating to the issue of Securities, including an 
explanation of the differences between a Tranche and a Series. In addition, this section sets out 
alternative paragraphs to be included in Issue Terms for fungible issues where the first tranche 
was issued under an earlier base prospectus and Non-exempt Offers started under an earlier 
base prospectus. 
SECTION G.3 – IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF 
SECURITIES WHICH ARE NOTES OR CERTIFICATES ............................................. 228 
This section sets out general information relating to the offer of Securities, including 
information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities, restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of 
Securities in Member States, consent to use the Base Prospectus in the EEA and Switzerland 
and a statement concerning the arrangements between investors and Authorised Offerors. 
SECTION G.4 – DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES.................. 235 
This section provides information in respect of certain product features and/or characteristics 
which may have an effect on the return on the Securities. 
SECTION G.5 – FORM OF THE SECURITIES .............................................................. 257 
This section describes the form of the Securities (which form may be global registered form, 
global bearer form, definitive registered form or uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form). 
SECTION G.6 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS............................................ 263 
This section sets out information relating to the clearing system(s) through which a Series of 
Securities may be cleared. 
SECTION G.7 – ERISA MATTERS ................................................................................ 270 
This section sets out information relating to a restriction on Securities being acquired or held 
by certain United States pension and employee benefit plans and certain other plans such as 
individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans. 
SECTION G.8 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS ............................................................................................................. 271 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions around who can purchase the Securities 
in certain jurisdictions. 
SECTION G.9 – TAXATION OF SECURITIES .............................................................. 325 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to Securities.

--- Page 23 ---
xxiii 
 
SECTION G.10 – DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARES AND THE 
PREFERENCE SHARE COMPANY ............................................................................... 429 
This section sets out information that is relevant to Preference Share Linked Securities. 
SECTION H – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ...................................... 431 
SECTION H.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES .... 436 
The General Conditions of the Notes and Certificates set out the general terms and conditions 
relating to Securities which are Notes or Certificates. These are generic provisions that apply 
to all Securities which are Notes or Certificates. 
SECTION H.2 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE 
CERTIFICATES.............................................................................................................. 511 
The General Conditions of the Warrants and Exercisable Certificates set out the general terms 
and conditions relating to Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates. These are 
generic provisions that apply to all Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates. 
Section H.3 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES
 ........................................................................................................................................ 566 
The Underlying Schedules set out the terms and conditions relating to underlying assets. The 
Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Series of Securities will depend on which 
underlying asset(s) the Securities are linked to, which information will be detailed in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The other Schedules set out terms and 
conditions for particular types of Securities, as further described below. 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS ............................ 566 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS ........................... 578 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS ....................... 583 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS .................................... 590 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS ............................................... 596 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS .................... 607 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE 
CONDITIONS ................................................................................................................. 617 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS ................................ 624 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS ............................................ 632 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – BESPOKE INDEX CONDITIONS ............................ 642 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS ..... 
 ........................................................................................................................................ 647 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – RATE CONDITIONS ................................................ 651 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS .................... 654 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS ............................. 659 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS .................................. 951 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS CONDITIONS ....... 966

--- Page 24 ---
xxiv 
 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 17 – DEBT SECURITY CONDITIONS ............................ 974 
SCHEDULE A – CITIGROUP INC. TLAC ELIGIBLE NOTES ...................................... 976 
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE .................................................... 978 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE .......................................................... 992 
PART A: VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND 
CERTIFICATES.............................................................................................................. 992 
The Valuation and Settlement Schedule for Notes and Certificates sets out the economic or 
'payout' terms of Securities which are Notes or Certificates. These are optional provisions and 
only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Securities. The applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series of 
Securities. 
PART B: VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND 
EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES ................................................................................. 1261 
The Valuation and Settlement Schedule for Warrants and Exercisable Certificates sets out the 
economic or 'payout' terms of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates. These 
are optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of 
Securities. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify which of the 
provisions apply to that Series of Securities. 
SECTION H.4 –FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES .............. 1318 
The Form of Final Terms is a template of the Final Terms document which will be completed 
with the issue specific details of each Tranche of Securities which are Notes or Certificates and 
are not Exempt Securities. When completed, the Final Terms should be read in conjunction with 
General Conditions of the Notes and Certificates, the Underlying Schedules which are 
expressed in the applicable Final Terms to apply to such Tranche of Securities and Part A of 
the Valuation and Settlement Schedule for Notes and Certificates, which together set out the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Securities which are Notes or Certificates. 
SECTION H.5 –FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES1633 
The Form of Pricing Supplement is a template of the Pricing Supplement document which will 
be completed with the issue specific details of each Tranche of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates and are Exempt Securities. When completed, the Pricing Supplement should be read 
in conjunction with the General Conditions of the Notes and Certificates, the Underlying 
Schedules which are expressed in the applicable Pricing Supplement to apply to such Series of 
Securities and Part A of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule for Notes and Certificates, which 
together set out the terms and conditions of the relevant Tranche of Securities which are Notes 
or Certificates. The Pricing Supplement may amend, modify or supplement provisions set out 
in the General Conditions of the Notes and Certificates, any relevant Underlying Schedule(s) 
and/or the Valuation and Settlement Schedule for Notes and Certificates. 
SECTION 
H.6 
– 
FORM 
OF 
FINAL 
TERMS 
– 
WARRANTS 
AND 
EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES ................................................................................. 1943 
The Form of Final Terms is a template of the Final Terms document which will be completed 
with the issue specific details of each Tranche of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable 
Certificates and are not Exempt Securities. When completed, the Final Terms should be read in 
conjunction with the General Conditions of the Warrants and Exercisable Certificates, the 
Underlying Schedules which are expressed in the applicable Final Terms to apply to such 
Tranche of Securities and Part B of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule for Warrants and 
Exercisable Certificates, which together set out the terms and conditions of the relevant Series 
of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates.

--- Page 25 ---
xxv 
 
SECTION H.7 –FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE 
CERTIFICATES............................................................................................................ 1980 
The Form of Pricing Supplement is a template of the Pricing Supplement document which will 
be completed with the issue specific details of each Tranche of Securities which are Warrants 
or Exercisable Certificates and are Exempt Securities. When completed, the Pricing Supplement 
should be read in conjunction with the General Conditions of the Warrants and Exercisable 
Certificates, the Underlying Schedules which are expressed in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement to apply to such Series of Securities and Part B of the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule for Warrants and Exercisable Certificates, which together set out the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Tranche of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates. 
The Pricing Supplement may amend, modify or supplement provisions set out in the General 
Conditions of the Warrants and Exercisable Certificates, any relevant Underlying Schedule(s) 
and/or the Valuation and Settlement Schedule for Warrants and Exercisable Certificates. 
SECTION I – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ......................................................................... 2043 
This section sets out a list of capitalised terms used in the Base Prospectus which have a particular 
definition ascribed to them and detail the page number where that definition can be found. 
SECTION J – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES ............................................................... 2070 
This section sets out the names and addresses of entities that may perform certain key roles in relation 
to Securities or otherwise in relation to the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 27 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
1 
 
SECTION A – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, each Issuer may from time to time issue Notes and CGMFL may from time to 
time issue Certificates (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Notes or Certificates issued under this Base 
Prospectus) denominated or payable in any currency, subject as set out in this Base Prospectus. In 
addition, each of CGMHI and CGMFL may from time to time issue Warrants or Exercisable Certificates 
under this Base Prospectus (Notes, Certificates, Warrants and Exercisable Certificates together, the 
"Securities"). There is no limit on the principal amount or number of Securities which may be issued 
under the Programme. 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates issued under the Programme will be governed by English law 
("English Law Securities"), Irish law ("Irish Law Securities"), French law ("French Law Securities") 
or New York Law ("New York Law Securities") as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Citigroup 
Inc. may issue English Law Securities (including Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities, but not 
French Cleared Securities), Irish Law Securities or New York Law Securities. CBNA may issue English 
Law Securities (other than Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities and French Cleared Securities). 
CGMHI may issue English Law Securities (including Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities and French 
Cleared Securities), Irish Law Securities, French Law Securities or New York Law Securities. CGMFL 
may issue English Law Securities (including Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities and French Cleared 
Securities), Irish Law Securities, French Law Securities or New York Law Securities. 
Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates issued under the Programme will be governed 
by English law ("English Law Warrants"), Irish law ("Irish Law Warrants") or by German Law 
("German Law Warrants"), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
What is this document? 
This document (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a "base prospectus" for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council (as amended, the "EU 
Prospectus Regulation") and relates to the Citi Global Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme"). This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval (and therefore its validity 
will expire on 18 November 2025) and may be supplemented from time to time to reflect any significant 
new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. 
How do I use this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus (which includes information incorporated by reference) is intended to provide you 
with information necessary to enable you to make an informed investment decision before purchasing 
any Securities (as defined in Section G.1 below). 
The contractual terms of any particular issuance of Securities will comprise the General Conditions of 
the Securities (see Part A of Section G.1 below in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates 
or Part B of Section G.1 below in respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates) 
and the applicable provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule (see Part A of Section H 
"Valuation and Settlement Schedule for Notes and Certificates" below in respect of Securities which are 
Notes or Certificates or Part B of Section H "Valuation and Settlement Schedule for Warrants and 
Exercisable Certificates" below in respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates), 
together with the following additional terms and conditions (see Section H.3 below) set out in the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities": 
(a) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more security indices, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 1 (Security Index Conditions)"; 
(b) 
where the Securities (which are Notes or Certificates only) are linked to one or more inflation 
indices, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 2 (Inflation Index 
Conditions)"; 
(c) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more commodity indices, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 3 (Commodity Index Conditions)";

--- Page 28 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
2 
 
 
(d) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more commodities, the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Underlying Schedule 4 (Commodity Conditions)"; 
(e) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more shares, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Underlying Schedule 5 (Share Conditions)"; 
(f) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more depositary receipts, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 6 (Depositary Receipt Conditions)"; 
(g) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more exchange traded fund ("ETF") shares, the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 7 (Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Share 
Conditions)"; 
(h) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more mutual funds, the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Underlying Schedule 8 (Mutual Fund Conditions)"; 
(i) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more currency exchange rates, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions)"; 
(j) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more bespoke or proprietary indices, the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 10 (Bespoke Index Conditions)"; 
(k) 
one or more Dividend Futures Contracts, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Underlying Schedule 11 (Dividend Futures Contract Conditions)"; 
(l) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more rates, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Underlying Schedule 12 (Rate Conditions)";  
(m) 
where the Securities (which are Notes or Certificates only) are linked to one or more preference 
shares, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 13 (Preference Share 
Conditions)"; 
(n) 
where the Securities (which are Notes only) are linked to the credit of one or more specified 
entities, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 14 (Credit Linked 
Conditions)";  
(o) 
where the Securities are linked to a package skew position comprising (i) an index untranched 
credit derivative transaction and (ii) a set of single name credit derivative transactions (with 
each single name transaction corresponding to an underlying reference entity constituent of the 
corresponding index transaction) where (i) and (ii) have equal and offsetting positions and result 
in no payment, other than in the event of an early redemption (such Securities may or may not 
bear interest), the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 15 (Index Skew 
Conditions)";  
(p) 
where the Securities (which are Warrants only) are linked to the credit of one or more specified 
entities, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 16 (Credit Linked 
Warrants Conditions)"; 
(q) 
where the Securities (which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates only) are linked to one or 
more debt securities, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 17 (Debt 
Security Conditions)"; and 
(r) 
where Schedule A is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
Securities (which are Notes only) issued by Citigroup Inc., the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Schedule A – Citigroup Inc. TLAC eligible Securities"; and

--- Page 29 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
3 
 
(s) 
where "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "China 
Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "Taiwan Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "Additional Provisions for Shares traded 
through the China Connect Service" or "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect 
Service" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and/or the Securities are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC Participation Certificates or APAC 
Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are Indian Participation Certificates or China 
Participation Certificates or Taiwan Participation Certificates, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Schedule B – APAC Compliance Schedule", 
and, in relation to any tranche of Securities, as completed or supplemented, replaced and/or modified, as 
applicable, by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as described in "What are Issue 
Terms" below). See also Section D below which sets out a guide as to which parts of this Base Prospectus 
are relevant for particular Securities. 
This Base Prospectus also includes other general information such as: 
(a) 
the principal risks the Issuer (as defined below) and (if applicable) the Guarantor (as defined 
below) believe to be inherent in investing in the Securities; 
(b) 
information relating to the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor; 
(c) 
information relating to the Programme and the Securities; 
(d) 
information on transfer and selling restrictions; and 
(e) 
taxation considerations. 
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Issue Terms and are referenced 
in the Index of Defined Terms set out on pages 2042 to 2068 of this Base Prospectus. 
You should read this Base Prospectus, the information incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus from such other documents and the applicable Issue Terms. 
What are Issue Terms? 
Securities are issued in "Series" and each Series may comprise one or more "Tranches" of Securities 
(each such term, as defined below). Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms document (the "Final 
Terms") or, in the case of Exempt Securities, a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement"). 
"Issue Terms" means, when it relates to: 
(a) 
Securities which are not Exempt Securities (as defined in the Section entitled "Important 
Notices" below), the applicable Final Terms which completes the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Securities; or 
(b) 
Securities which are Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement which supplements 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities and may also specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Securities, supplement, replace and/or modify such terms and 
conditions. 
References to the "applicable Issue Terms" shall be to the Issue Terms relating to a particular Tranche. 
In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and the applicable Schedule(s) and 
(ii) the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall prevail. 
The Issue Terms will specify with respect to the issue of Securities to which it relates, amongst other 
things, the specific designation of the Securities, the aggregate principal amount or number of and type 
of the Securities, the date of issue of the Securities, the issue price, the relevant interest provisions (if 
any), and the redemption amount or cash settlement amount of the Securities and, as relevant, the 
Underlying (as defined below) and, if the Notes are Credit Linked Notes or Index Skew Notes or Credit 
Linked Warrants, each entity to which, depending on the credit of such entity, the return of the Securities

--- Page 30 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
4 
 
 
(upon an early redemption or termination or otherwise) is linked, to which the Securities relate and certain 
other terms relating to the offering and sale of such Securities.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities will be as set out in "General Conditions of the Notes and 
Certificates" or "General Conditions of the Warrants and Exercisable Certificates" and in the relevant 
Schedule(s) thereto. 
Who is the Issuer and (if applicable) Guarantor of the Securities? 
Notes and Certificates under this Base Prospectus will be issued and (if applicable) will be guaranteed 
by: 
(a) 
Citigroup Inc. ("Citigroup" or "Citi") (in which case, the Securities will not be guaranteed by 
any entity); 
(b) 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. ("CGMHI") and guaranteed by Citigroup Inc. (in such 
capacity, the "CGMHI Guarantor") pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated 21 December 2015 
(such deed of guarantee as amended and/or supplemented and/or replaced from time to time, 
the "CGMHI Deed of Guarantee") executed by the CGMHI Guarantor; and 
(c) 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. ("CGMFL") and guaranteed by 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("CGML") (in such capacity, the "CGMFL Guarantor") 
pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated 25 January 2019 (such deed of guarantee as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or replaced from time to time, the "CGMFL Deed of Guarantee") 
executed by the CGMFL Guarantor; and 
Warrants and Exercisable Certificates under this Base Prospectus will be issued by and (if applicable) 
will be guaranteed by: 
(a) 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. ("CGMHI") (in which case, the Warrants or 
Exercisable Certificates will not be guaranteed by any entity); and 
(b) 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. ("CGMFL") and guaranteed by 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("CGML") (in such capacity, the "CGMFL Guarantor") 
pursuant to an all monies deed of guarantee dated 11 May 2017 (such deed of guarantee as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or replaced from time to time, the "CGMFL WEC Deed of 
Guarantee" and, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the 
CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee, a "Deed of Guarantee)" executed by the CGMFL 
Guarantor. 
Citi, CGMHI and CGMFL is each an "Issuer" and collectively, the "Issuers". The CGMHI Guarantor 
and the CGMFL Guarantor is each a "Guarantor" and collectively, the "Guarantors". References in 
this Base Prospectus to "Issuer" and "Guarantor" shall be construed accordingly.  
Citi has a right of substitution as set out in the relevant terms and conditions of the Securities set out in 
this Base Prospectus. Each of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor and CGMHI and the CGMHI 
Guarantor may also have a right of substitution as set out in the relevant terms and conditions of the 
Securities set out in this Base Prospectus. 
What type of Securities does this Base Prospectus relate to? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issuance of Securities ("Securities") which may be in the form of: 
Notes and Certificates: 
Securities may be (A) notes ("Notes"), (B) (for Securities issued by CGMFL only) certificates 
("Certificates"), (C) Notes that are titled "Certificates" or (D) Notes that are titled "Certificates" to be 
offered in Italy and/or which are admitted to trading, or for which an application for admission to trading 
has been made or will be made, on SeDeX or EuroTLX – Cert X Segment, for purposes of Italian listing 
requirements ("Italian Listed Certificates"), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 31 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
5 
 
In the case of Certificates, Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates, where 
applicable, as used in this Base Prospectus, references to "Note(s)" shall be construed to be to 
"Certificate(s)" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. In addition, references to 
"redemption" and "redeem" shall be construed to be to "termination" and "terminate", references to 
"principal" and "principal amount", respectively, shall be construed to be to "invested amount", 
references to "nominal amount" shall be construed to be to "calculation amount", references to 
"settlement" and "settle" and "settled" shall be construed to be to, respectively, "termination" and 
"terminate" and "terminated", references to "interest", "interest payment date", "interest period", "interest 
rate" and "interest underlying" shall be construed to be (in the case of Certificates) to "coupon amount", 
"coupon payment date", "coupon period", "coupon rate" and "coupon underlying" or (in the case of Notes 
that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates) to "premium", "premium payment date", 
"premium period", "premium rate" and "premium underlying", and references to "maturity date" shall be 
construed to be to "final termination date", and all related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
Warrants and Exercisable Certificates: 
Alternatively, Securities may be (A) warrants ("Warrants") or (B) Warrants that are titled "exercisable 
certificates" ("Exercisable Certificates"). 
In the case of Warrants that are titled "Exercisable Certificates", references to "Warrants" and 
"Warrantholders" in this document shall be construed to include "Exercisable Certificates" and 
"Exercisable Certificateholders" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
What is the return on Securities? 
The return in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates 
The Securities may not bear interest, may be specified to be zero coupon securities (which are issued at 
a discount to their principal amount and which also do not bear interest) or may be interest bearing 
securities, which may be one or more of the following types of Securities: 
(a) 
fixed rate securities; 
(l) 
volatility bond securities; 
(b) 
floating rate securities; 
(m) 
synthetic forward rate securities; 
(c) 
CMS rate securities; 
(n) 
previous coupon linked securities; 
(d) 
spread securities; 
(o) 
FX performance securities; 
(e) 
range accrual (expanded) securities; 
(p) 
reserve coupon securities; 
(f) 
Buy the Dip securities; 
(q) 
global interest floor securities; 
(g) 
inflation rate securities; 
(r) 
auto floor securities; 
(h) 
DIR 
inflation 
linked 
interest 
securities; 
(s) 
global interest cap securities; 
(i) 
digital securities; 
(t) 
auto cap securities; and/or 
(j) 
digital band securities; 
(u) 
restructure interest rate securities. 
(k) 
inverse floating rate securities; 
 
Securities may also have any combination of the foregoing except that (i) FX performance securities 
shall not be inflation rate securities or DIR inflation linked interest securities; (ii) reserve coupon 
securities shall not be fixed rate securities, inflation rate securities or DIR inflation linked interest 
securities; (iii) global interest floor Securities and global interest cap Securities shall not be fixed rate 
Securities, auto floor Securities or auto cap Securities; (iv) auto floor Securities and auto cap Securities 
shall not be fixed rate Securities, global interest floor Securities or global interest cap Securities.

--- Page 32 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
6 
 
 
In addition, (i) the Securities will have more than one interest basis applicable to different interest periods 
and/or different interest payment dates if an "automatic change of interest basis" is specified to apply in 
the applicable Issue Terms; and/or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, interest will be switched from one 
interest basis to another interest basis if a "switcher option" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue 
Terms; and/or (iii) on the occurrence of a lock-in event, interest will be switched from one interest basis 
to another interest basis if a "lock in change of interest basis" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
If "multiple interest basis" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to one or more 
interest periods and/or interest payment dates, the Securities will have more than one interest basis 
applicable to such interest periods and/or interest payment dates, provided that Multiple Interest Basis 
shall not apply for any Interest Period or Interest Payment Date to which the Previous Coupon Linked 
Securities provisions, FX Performance Securities provisions, Reserve Coupon Securities provisions, 
Global Interest Floor Securities provisions, Global Interest Cap Securities provisions, Restructure 
Interest Rate Securities provisions or Lock-in Change of Interest Basis provisions apply. 
Interest in respect of Securities may also be linked to one or more of the following underlying assets 
(each an "Underlying"): 
(a) 
security indices; 
(h) 
mutual funds; 
(b) 
inflation indices; 
(i) 
currency exchange rates; 
(c) 
commodity indices; 
(j) 
bespoke or proprietary indices; 
(d) 
commodities; 
(k) 
dividend futures contracts; 
(e) 
shares; 
(l) 
rates; 
(f) 
depository receipts; 
(m) 
preference shares, 
(g) 
exchange traded fund ("ETF") shares; 
 
or any combination of the foregoing. 
Certificates will not bear interest but may pay a coupon amount. 
The Securities may provide for early redemption at the option of the issuer (a call option) or the investor 
(a put option) or may be early redeemed following the occurrence of a specified event (a mandatory early 
redemption event or mandatory early redemption barrier event) and may, at maturity, pay:  
(i) 
a fixed redemption amount, 
(ii) 
an amount linked to one or more of the Underlying(s) described above, 
(iii) 
if a DIR Inflation Linked Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount calculated by reference to movements in an inflation index or  
(iv) 
if the Securities are specified to be Lock-in Redemption Securities in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated by reference to an FX rate or  
(v) 
if the Securities are specified to be Rate Linked Redemption Securities in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount calculated by reference to one or more rate(s) or  
(vi) 
if the Securities are specified to be Interest Linked Redemption Securities in the applicable Issue 
Terms the Redemption Amount of the Securities specified in the applicable Issue Terms. to be 
the Interest Linked Redemption Amount, being the sum of (x) the principal amount of the 
Securities plus (y) the sum of all the Interest Amounts determined in respect of the Securities 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) or  
(vii) 
if the Securities are specified to be Redemption Reserve Securities, an amount determined by 
reference to either (x) the Total Reserve Coupon in respect of the final Interest Period or (y) the 
sum of the Total Redemption Reserves; or

--- Page 33 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
7 
 
(viii) 
another redemption amount as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt Securities may specify a combination different 
from the above. 
The Securities may also be dual currency securities which are denominated in one currency and payable 
in a different currency) or Instalment Notes which are partially redeemed (and the outstanding principal 
amount of such Securities correspondingly reduced) on each instalment date. 
In addition, the Securities may be Notes whose return is linked to the credit of one or more specified 
entities (such Notes may or may not bear interest) (such Notes, "Credit Linked Notes") or Notes which 
reference a package skew position comprising (i) an index untranched credit derivative transaction and 
(ii) a set of single name credit derivative transactions (with each single name transaction corresponding 
to an underlying reference entity constituent of the corresponding index transaction) where (i) and (ii) 
have equal and offsetting positions with any payments resulting from a Credit Event intended to be zero 
due to the application of payment netting, other than in the event of an early redemption (such Notes may 
or may not bear interest) (such Notes, "Index Skew Notes"). 
Notes which are credit linked notes cannot also be index skew Notes. DIR Inflation Linked Securities 
for which a DIR Inflation Linked Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Lock-
in Redemption Securities, Rate Linked Redemption Securities and Interest Linked Redemption Securities 
cannot also be Credit Linked Notes or Index Skew Notes. In respect of Securities which are not Exempt 
Securities, interest bearing Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes cannot be combined with Securities having an interest basis as described above. For 
the avoidance of doubt, in respect of Securities which are Exempt Securities, interest bearing Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be combined 
with Securities having an interest basis as described above (subject to necessary amendments being made 
to the Credit Linked Conditions applicable to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, in the relevant Pricing Supplement). 
Certificates entitle the holder on exercise to receive a cash amount (if any) calculated in accordance with 
the relevant terms, subject as set forth in the Conditions. 
The return in respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates 
The Securities may be American style Warrants, European style Warrants or multiple exercise Warrants 
or such other type (including, without limitation, a combination thereof) as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and may be automatically exercised. Settlement of the Securities may be by way 
of cash payment or physical delivery, and the Securities may be one or more of the following types of 
Securities, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
fixed rate securities; 
(e) 
Put Spread Warrants; 
(b) 
Call Warrants; 
(f) 
Delta One Warrants; or 
(c) 
Put Warrants; 
(g) 
Long/Short Warrants. 
(d) 
Call Spread Warrants; 
 
 
Payments in respect of the Securities may also be linked to one or more of the following underlying 
assets (each an "Underlying"): 
(a) 
security indices; 
(g) 
mutual funds; 
(b) 
commodity indices; 
(h) 
currency exchange rates; 
(c) 
commodities; 
(i) 
bespoke or proprietary indices; 
(d) 
shares; 
(j) 
rates; or

--- Page 34 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
8 
 
 
(e) 
depository receipts; 
(k) 
debt securities, 
(f) 
exchange traded fund ("ETF") shares; 
 
or any combination of the foregoing. 
Alternatively, the Securities may be Warrants whose return is linked to a notional transaction, which is 
a hypothetical credit default swap or index linked swaption (or such other transaction as is specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) in relation to one or more specified entities which the Issuer is 
deemed to have entered into on the issue date with the swap counterparty specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement (which may be a hypothetical market counterparty), under which the Issuer is in the 
position of the credit protection Seller or Swaption Seller and the hypothetical market counterparty is in 
the position of credit protection Buyer or Swaption Buyer, as applicable (such Warrants, "Credit Linked 
Warrants"). 
What is the status of the Securities: 
The Securities constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and (if applicable) the Guarantor and payments to be made by such Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor under the Securities are subject to the credit risk of such Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor. As such, the potential return on and value of the Securities will be adversely affected in the 
event of a default or deterioration in the financial position of such Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor. 
The information on the Issuers and the Guarantors incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
provides a description of the Issuers' and the Guarantors' business activities as well as certain financial 
information and material risks faced by the Issuers and the Guarantors. 
CREDIT RATINGS 
Citigroup Inc. has a long term/short term senior debt rating of BBB+/A-2 by Standard & Poor's Financial 
Services LLC ("S&P"), A3/P-2 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's") and A/F1 by Fitch 
Ratings, Inc. ("Fitch").1 
CGMHI has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A/A-1 by S&P, A2/P-1 by Moody's and A+/F1 
by Fitch.2 
 
1 "BBB+" by S&P: An obligor rated "BBB" has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments. The addition of a plus sign shows the 
relative standing within the rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A-2" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-2" has satisfactory capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, it is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in the highest rating category (source: 
www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A3" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 3 indicates a ranking 
in the lower end of that generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
"P-2" by Moody's: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated "Prime-2" have a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: 
www.moodys.com). 
"A" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings (source: 
www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
2 "A" by S&P: An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories (source: www.standardandpoors.com).  
"A-1" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-1" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global 
Ratings (source: www.standardandpoors.com).  
"A2" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 2 indicates a mid-
range ranking (source: www.moodys.com)..  
"P-1" by Moody's: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated "Prime-1" have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: 
www.moodys.com).

--- Page 35 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
9 
 
CGMFL has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A+/A-1 by S&P, and long term senior debt 
rating of A+ by Fitch and A1 by Moody's.3 
CGML has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A+/A-1 by S&P, A1/P-1 by Moody's and A+/F1 
by Fitch.4 
The rating of a certain Tranche of Notes may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
S&P is not established in the EEA or the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or superseded) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or the EU 
CRA Regulations as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made 
thereunder (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The S&P ratings have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("SPGRE"). SPGRE is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation. As such SPGRE is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on 
its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States of America which 
have been endorsed by SPGRE may be used in the EEA by the relevant market participants. On 1 January 
2021, a new UK credit rating agency, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited ("SPGRUK") has been registered 
with the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") so that the credit ratings issued or endorsed by 
SPGRUK may be usable for certain regulatory purposes in the UK under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, SPGRUK is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website (at 
https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Credit 
ratings assigned or endorsed by SPGRUK (including EU ratings issued by SPGRE) receive, respectively, 
"UK" or "UKE" regulatory identifiers. 
Moody's is not established in the EEA or in the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under the EU CRA Regulation or UK CRA Regulation. The Moody's ratings have been endorsed by 
Moody's Investors Service Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Moody's Investors 
Service Limited is established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, Moody's Investors Service Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
FCA on its website (at https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies) in accordance with the UK 
 
"A+" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers '+' or '−' 
may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
3 "A+" by S&P: An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus sign shows the relative standing 
within the rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A-1" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-1" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global 
Ratings (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A+" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers '+' or '−' 
may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
"A1" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
4 "A+" by S&P: An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus sign shows the relative standing 
within the rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A-1" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-1" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global 
Ratings (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A1" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
"P-1" by Moody's: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated "Prime-1" have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: 
www.moodys.com). 
"A+" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers '+' or '−' 
may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com).

--- Page 36 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
10 
 
 
CRA Regulation. The FCA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States of America which have 
been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited may be used in the United Kingdom by the relevant 
market participants. The Moody's ratings have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such Moody's Deutschland GmbH is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that 
ratings issued in the United States of America which have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH 
may be used in the EEA by the relevant market participants.  
Fitch is not established in the EEA or the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration under the 
EU CRA Regulation or UK CRA Regulation. The Fitch ratings have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings 
Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Limited is established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch Ratings Limited is included in 
the 
list 
of 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
FCA 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The 
FCA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States of America which have been endorsed by Fitch 
Ratings Limited may be used in the United Kingdom by the relevant market participants. The Fitch 
ratings have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
As such Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States 
of America which have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited may be used in the EEA by the 
relevant market participants. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or established 
in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable, will be disclosed in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  
The Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee constitute unconditional 
liabilities of the respective issuers. None of the Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation ("FDIC") or any other deposit protection insurance scheme. 
Any investment in the Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope 
of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"). The 
Issuers are not regulated by the Central Bank by virtue of the issue of any Securities.

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
11 
 
SECTION B – RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Securities, you assume the risk that the Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor 
may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to satisfy their obligations in respect of the Securities. 
There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer and, where 
applicable, the Guarantor becoming unable to satisfy their obligations in respect of the Securities. The 
Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain 
factors which they currently deem not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence 
of events outside the Issuer's and, where applicable, the Guarantor's control. The Issuer and, where 
applicable, the Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could 
materially adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due under, or to deliver assets 
on or in connection with, the Securities.  
Each of the risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Securities and, as a 
result, you could lose some or all of your investment. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Securities issued under this Base Prospectus are also described below. 
You must read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein and reach your own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
1. 
Risks relating to Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the 
CGMFL Guarantor 
11 
2. 
Risks relating to Securities generally 
30 
3. 
Risks relating to Securities linked to Underlying(s) 
30 
4. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Rates and benchmark reform 
55 
5. 
Risks associated with Notes and Certificates and certain types of Security and product 
features 
62 
6. 
Risks associated with Warrants and Exercisable Certificates and certain types of 
Security and product features 
76 
7. 
Risks specific to Credit Linked Notes  
92 
8. 
Risks specific to Index Skew Notes 
112 
 
RISKS RELATING TO CITIGROUP INC., CGMHI, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR, CGMFL 
AND THE CGMFL GUARANTOR 
Set out below are certain risk factors which could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
operations, financial condition or prospects of one or more of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and cause one or more of Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, 
the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and/or the CGMFL Guarantor's future results to be materially 
different from expected results. Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and/or 
the CGMFL Guarantor's results could also be affected by competition and other factors. The factors 
discussed below should not be regarded as a complete and comprehensive statement of all potential risks 
and uncertainties Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and the CGMFL 
Guarantor's businesses face. Each of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the 
CGMFL Guarantor has described only those risks relating to its operations that it considers to be material. 
There may be additional risks that Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the 
CGMFL Guarantor currently considers not to be material or of which it is not currently aware, and any 
of these risks could have the effects set forth above. You should note that you bear the Issuer's and (if 
applicable) the Guarantor's solvency risk.

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
12 
 
 
Risks Relating to Citigroup Inc. 
For a discussion of certain material risks and uncertainties that could impact Citigroup Inc.'s businesses, 
results of operations and financial condition (including market-related, strategic, operational, credit, 
liquidity, compliance and other risks), see "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of the Issuer's 2023 Annual 
Report on Form 10 K for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K") 
(pages 48-62) as set out below, which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, or the 
corresponding section of any future Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
filed by the Issuer after the date hereof which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
pursuant to a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Description of risk factors, trends and events affecting Citigroup of the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K: 
(a) 
the market-related risks: 
Set out on numbered pages 48 to 49 of the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K. 
(b) 
the strategic risks: 
Set out on numbered pages 49 to 54 of the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K. 
(c) 
the operational risks: 
Set out on numbered pages 54 to 58 of the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K. 
(d) 
the credit risks: 
Set out on numbered page 58 of the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K. 
(e) 
the liquidity risks: 
Set out on numbered pages 58 to 59 of the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K. 
(f) 
the compliance risks: 
Set out on numbered pages 59 to 61 of the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K. 
(g) 
the other risks: 
Set out on numbered pages 61 to 62 of the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K. 
The ability of each of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor to 
fulfil its obligations under the Securities issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL, as the case 
may be, is dependent on the earnings of Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries 
CGMHI is a holding company that does not engage in any material amount of business activities that 
generate revenues. CGMHI services its obligations primarily with dividends and advances from its 
subsidiaries. Its subsidiaries that operate in the securities businesses can only pay dividends if they are 
in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements imposed on them by federal and state regulatory 
authorities. Its respective subsidiaries may also be subject to credit agreements that also may restrict their 
ability to pay dividends. If such subsidiaries do not realise sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable 
regulatory requirements, or if such requirements are changed to further restrict the ability of such 
subsidiaries to pay dividends to CGMHI, CGMHI's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Securities 
issued by it may be adversely affected and consequently the value of and return on such Securities may 
also be adversely affected.  
In addition, Citigroup Inc. (also the CGMHI Guarantor in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates issued by CGMHI) is a holding company that does not engage in any material amount of 
business activities that generate revenues. It services its obligations primarily with dividends and 
advances from its subsidiaries. The ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends or advances are 
dependent on a number of factors. For example, certain of Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries have co-branding 
and private label credit card relationships with various retailers and merchants through Group-branded 
cards and retail services credit card businesses. The five largest of these relationships constituted an 
aggregate of approximately 10 per cent. of the revenues of Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries (together 
the "Group") for 2022. These relationships could be negatively impacted by, among other things, the 
general economic environment, declining sales and revenues or other operational difficulties of the 
retailer or merchant, termination due to a breach by a Group entity or by the retailer or merchant, or other 
factors, including bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, consolidations and other similar events that 
would restrict the ability of the subsidiaries of Citigroup Inc. to pay dividends.

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
13 
 
Moreover, Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries that operate in the banking, insurance and securities businesses 
can only pay dividends if they are in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements imposed on 
them by federal and state regulatory authorities. Respective subsidiaries may also be subject to credit 
agreements that also may restrict their ability to pay dividends. If such subsidiaries do not realise 
sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable regulatory requirements, or if such requirements are changed to 
further restrict the ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends to Citigroup Inc., Citigroup Inc.'s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Securities issued by it and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee (in respect 
of Securities which are Notes or Certificates) may be adversely affected and consequently the value of 
and return on the Securities issued by it or CGMHI (where such Securities have the benefit of a guarantee 
of the CGMHI Guarantor) may also be adversely affected.  
The subsidiaries of CGMHI and Citigroup Inc. are also exposed to concentrations of risk, particularly 
credit and market risk, as they routinely execute a high volume of securities, trading, derivative and 
foreign exchange transactions with non-U.S. sovereigns and with counterparties in the financial services 
industry. As regulatory or market developments continue to lead to increased centralisation of trading 
activities, these subsidiaries could also experience an increase in concentration of risk to these industries. 
These concentrations of risk could limit the effectiveness of any hedging strategies and cause the 
subsidiaries to incur significant losses, impacting their ability to pay dividends. 
Further, such dividends and/or advances, whether to CGMHI or Citigroup Inc. (or both), may be affected 
by macroeconomic, geopolitical and other challenges, uncertainties and volatilities and the presence of 
certain subsidiaries in emerging markets. For example, numerous uncertainties have arisen in relation to 
the potential impact of the UK's exit from the European Union and the U.S. federal government's 
indication that it may pursue protectionist trade and other policies. These and other global 
macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges have negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively 
impact, the businesses of CGMHI and/or Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries. The presence of certain 
subsidiaries in emerging markets subjects them to a number of risks, including sovereign volatility, 
foreign exchange controls and sanctions, and also increases their compliance and regulatory risks and 
costs. As a result, the dividends and/or advances subsidiaries are able to pay may be impacted which 
could have a negative effect on the ability of CGMHI or Citigroup Inc. to fulfil its obligations under the 
Securities and consequently the value of and return on such Securities may also be adversely affected. 
The ability of CGMFL to fulfil its obligations under the Securities issued by it is dependent on CGML 
performing its counterparty obligations owed to CGMFL 
CGMFL is subject to intra-group credit risk. From time to time, CGMFL enters into derivative 
transactions with CGML to offset or hedge its liabilities to Securityholders under Securities issued by it 
(which may include the Securities). As such, CGMFL is exposed to the credit risk of CGML in the form 
of counterparty risk in respect of such derivative transactions. In particular, CGMFL's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Securities is primarily dependent on CGML performing its counterparty obligations 
owed to CGMFL in respect of such derivative transactions in a timely manner, and any failure by CGML 
to do so will negatively affect the ability of CGMFL to fulfil its obligations under the Securities. 
Securityholders will not have any recourse to CGML under any such derivative transactions. 
The military action by Russia in Ukraine, and related sanctions, export controls and similar actions 
or laws could adversely affect the Group's business activities and customers 
The ongoing action of Russian military forces and support personnel in Ukraine has escalated tensions 
between Russia and the U.S., NATO, the European Union and the UK. The U.S. has imposed, and is 
likely to impose material additional, financial and economic sanctions and export controls against certain 
Russian organisations and/or individuals, with similar actions implemented and/or planned by the 
European Union, the UK and other jurisdictions. The packages of financials and economic sanctions 
imposed by the U.S., the UK, and the European Union, in various ways, constrain transactions with 
numerous Russian entities and individuals; transactions in Russian sovereign debt; and investment, trade, 
and financing to, from, or in certain regions of Ukraine. The Group's ability to engage in activity with 
certain consumer and institutional businesses in Russia and Ukraine or involving certain Russian or 
Ukrainian businesses and customers is dependent in part upon whether such engagement is restricted 
under any current or expected U.S., European Union, UK or other countries' sanctions and laws, or is 
otherwise discontinued in light of these developments. Sanctions and export controls, as well as any 
actions by Russia, could adversely affect the Group's business activities and customers in and from 
Russia and Ukraine. Moreover, actions by Russia, and any further measures taken by the U.S. or its allies,

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
14 
 
 
could have negative impacts on regional and global financial markets and economic conditions, including 
without limitation global energy markets. The extent of the impact on the Group will continue to depend 
significantly on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
Any negative impact of Russia's actions in Ukraine, and related sanctions, export controls and similar 
actions or laws on the Group, including the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, could adversely affect the ability of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Securities, and the value of and return on the Securities may 
also be adversely affected. 
No Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with regard to insolvency or bankruptcy of 
the CGMHI Guarantor under the Conditions of Securities which are Notes or Certificates 
In relation to Securities which are Notes or Certificates, you should note that there are no Events of 
Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with regard to the insolvency or bankruptcy of the CGMHI 
Guarantor (or any similar event), any other default of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee not being (or being claimed not to be) in full force and effect. Therefore, even though the 
CGMHI Guarantor may be declared bankrupt or enters into insolvency proceedings or disclaims the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, you, notwithstanding that you are a holder of Notes or Certificates issued 
by CGMHI will not be able to trigger an Event of Default under such Securities and thus will not be able 
to cause such Securities to be immediately due and payable, and the Securities will not redeem until 
maturity (unless there has been an Event of Default due to non-payment of interest or principal or 
bankruptcy or other default of CGMHI in the meantime). It is possible that you may receive a lower 
return at maturity than if you were able to accelerate such Securities for immediate repayment in such 
circumstances. 
No Events of Default in respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates 
Investors in Warrants or Exercisable Certificates should note that the Conditions of such Securities do 
not contain events of default. Therefore, even though CGMHI, CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor may 
be declared insolvent or have entered into bankruptcy proceedings, holders of such Securities will not be 
able to cause the Securities to be immediately due and payable on an insolvency or bankruptcy of 
CGMHI, CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor. 
Under U.S. banking law, Citigroup Inc. may be required to apply its available funds to support the 
financial position of its banking subsidiaries, rather than to fulfil its obligations under the Securities 
Under longstanding policy of The Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a bank 
holding company (such as Citigroup Inc.) is expected to act as a source of financial strength for its U.S 
insured depositary institutions and to commit resources to support such banks. As a result of that policy, 
Citigroup Inc. may be required to commit resources (in the form of investments or loans) to its U.S 
insured depositary institutions in amounts or at times that could adversely affect its ability to also fulfil 
its obligations under the Securities issued by it and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, and consequently 
the value of and return on the Securities issued by it or CGMHI (where such Securities have the benefit 
of a guarantee of the CGMHI Guarantor) may also be adversely affected. 
The inclusion of contractual stay provisions in the terms and conditions of the Securities could 
materially adversely affect the rights of Securityholders in a resolution scenario 
In the autumn of 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the FDIC and the Office 
of the Comptroller of the Currency issued rules ("QFC Stay Rules") designed to improve the 
resolvability and resilience of U.S. global systemically important banking organisations ("G-SIBs") and 
the U.S. operations of foreign G-SIBs, by mitigating the risk of destabilising closeouts of qualified 
financial contracts ("QFCs") in resolution. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, including CGMHI, 
CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, are "covered entities" subject to the QFC Stay Rules. Certain of 
the Securities (such Securities, "Covered Instruments"), the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee – to the extent those guarantees relate to 
Covered Instruments – may qualify as QFCs. 
The QFC Stay Rules seek to eliminate impediments to the orderly resolution of a G-SIB both in a scenario 
where resolution proceedings are instituted by the U.S. regulatory authorities under the Federal Deposit

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
15 
 
Insurance Act or the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd Frank Act ("OLA") 
(together, the "U.S. Special Resolution Regimes") as well as in a scenario where the G-SIB is resolved 
under ordinary insolvency proceedings. To achieve this, the QFC Stay Rules require covered entities 
(such as Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor) to ensure that their QFCs subject 
to the QFC Stay Rules (including any Securities which are Covered Instruments) (i) contain an express 
contractual recognition of the statutory stay-and-transfer provisions of the U.S. Special Resolution 
Regimes and (ii) do not contain cross-default rights against the covered entity based on an affiliate 
becoming subject to any type of insolvency proceeding or restrictions on the transfer of any related credit 
enhancements (including a guarantee) issued by an affiliate of the covered entity following the affiliate's 
entry into insolvency proceedings.  
To address these requirements, the Terms and Conditions of the Securities contain an express contractual 
recognition that, in the event any of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable), the Guarantor becomes subject 
to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of Securities which are Covered 
Instruments, and (in relation to Covered Instruments) the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee and the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee (and the transfer of any interest and obligation 
in or under such Covered Instruments, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
or the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee) from the Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor will be effective 
to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime.  
In addition, the Terms and Conditions of the Securities contain an express contractual recognition that, 
in the event any of the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any of their affiliates becomes 
subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against the Issuer, or (if 
applicable) the Guarantor with respect to the Covered Instruments, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee are permitted to be exercised to no 
greater extent than they could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime. For these 
purposes, "default rights" include the right to terminate, liquidate or accelerate a QFC or demand payment 
or delivery thereunder. See General Condition 24 (Acknowledgement of the United States Special 
Resolution Regimes) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates and General Condition 17 
(Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regime) in respect of Securities which are 
Warrants or Exercisable Certificates. 
Each of Citigroup Inc., as a U.S. entity incorporated in Delaware, and CGMHI, as a U.S. entity 
incorporated in the State of New York, could be placed into proceedings under OLA if certain 
determinations are made by the applicable U.S. regulatory authorities. However, under the law in effect 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, although CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor are each "covered 
entities" for the purposes of the QFC Stay Rules and are required to include the above-described 
acknowledgements in relevant QFCs, neither CGMFL nor the CGMFL Guarantor, as non-U.S. entities, 
are eligible to be placed into proceedings under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.  
The exercise of any power under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes could materially adversely affect 
the rights of the holders of Securities issued by CGMHI or Citigroup Inc., (e.g. in respect of the right to 
demand payment), and accordingly, the price or value of their investment in any such Securities and/or 
the ability of such Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Securities. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, interpretation of the application of the relevant requirements 
and market practice is continuing to evolve. If you are in any doubt about the categorisation of any 
Securities as QFCs and the effect of any proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime on 
such Securities, you should take advice from such professional advisers as you may deem 
necessary. 
Ability to Substitute the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor in Insolvency 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities explicitly provide that nothing in General Condition 17 
(Part 2) (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor) in respect of 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates and General Condition 14 (Substitution of the Issuer or the 
CGMFL Guarantor) in respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates shall limit 
the ability of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to be substituted upon or following the 
relevant entity becoming subject to a resolution, restructuring, or reorganisation or similar proceeding. 
This means any such substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor does not have to 
comply with the substitution criteria set out in General Condition 17 (Part 2) (Substitution of the Issuer,

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
16 
 
 
the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates and General Condition 14 (Substitution of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor) in respect 
of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates. Any such substitution could adversely affect 
the rights of Securityholders, the price and/or value of their investment in the Securities and/or 
performance under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL WEC 
Deed of Guarantee, as the case may be. 
A reduction of the Issuer's and/or, where the Issuer of Securities which are Notes or Certificates is 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor's 
ratings may reduce the market value and liquidity of the relevant Securities 
The value of the Securities is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal of the 
Issuer's, the CGMHI Guarantor's, the CGMFL Guarantor's and/or their affiliates' creditworthiness. Such 
perceptions are generally influenced by the ratings accorded to the outstanding securities of the relevant 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates by standard statistical 
rating services, such as Moody's, S&P and Fitch. A reduction in the rating, if any, accorded to outstanding 
debt securities (if any) of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or the securities 
issued by any of their affiliates by one of these rating agencies could result in a reduction in the trading 
value of the Securities. 
Each rating agency may reduce, suspend or withdraw any credit ratings of an Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor at any time in the future if, in its judgement, circumstances 
warrant a change. No rating agency is obligated to maintain its ratings at their current levels.  
The rating agencies continuously evaluate Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, and their ratings of 
Citigroup Inc.'s and its subsidiaries' long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors, 
including financial strength, as well as factors not entirely within the control of Citigroup Inc. and its 
subsidiaries, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. 
If a rating agency reduces, suspends or withdraws its rating of an Issuer and/or, where applicable, the 
Guarantor and/or any affiliate thereof, the liquidity and market value of the Securities and, where 
applicable, the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations are likely to be adversely affected. 
In addition, ratings downgrades by Fitch, Moody's or S&P could have a significant and immediate impact 
on Citigroup Inc.'s funding and liquidity through cash obligations, reduced funding capacity and 
derivative triggers and additional margin requirements. Ratings downgrades could also have a negative 
impact on other funding sources, such as secured financing and other margin requirements, for which 
there are no explicit triggers. Some entities may also have ratings limitations as to their permissible 
counterparties, of which Citigroup Inc. may or may not be aware. A reduction in Citigroup Inc.'s or its 
subsidiaries' credit ratings could also widen Citigroup Inc.'s credit spreads or otherwise increase its 
borrowing costs and limit its access to the capital markets. Any of the foregoing factors may negatively 
impact the value of and return on the Securities. 
For information on the credit ratings of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor, 
please refer to the sub-section entitled "Credit Ratings" in "General description of the Programme " 
above.  
Citigroup Inc. may not be able to maintain adequate liquidity or funding which may result in a 
negative impact on the market value of the Securities issued by it or (in the case of Securities which 
are Notes or Certificates issued by CGMHI) its ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations 
As a global financial institution, adequate liquidity and sources of funding are essential to Citigroup Inc.'s 
businesses. Citigroup Inc.'s liquidity and sources of funding can be significantly and negatively impacted 
by factors it cannot control, such as general disruptions in the financial markets, governmental fiscal and 
monetary policies, regulatory changes or negative investor perceptions of Citigroup Inc.'s 
creditworthiness. 
In addition, Citigroup Inc.'s costs to obtain and access secured funding and long-term unsecured funding 
are directly related to its credit spreads. Changes in credit spreads are driven by both external market 
factors and factors specific to Citigroup Inc., and can be highly volatile.

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
17 
 
Moreover, Citigroup Inc.'s ability to obtain funding may be impaired if other market participants are 
seeking to access the markets at the same time, or if market appetite declines, as is likely to occur in a 
liquidity stress event or other market crisis. A sudden drop in market liquidity could also cause a 
temporary or lengthier dislocation of underwriting and capital markets activity. In addition, clearing 
organisations, central banks, clients and financial institutions with which Citigroup Inc. interacts may 
exercise the right to require additional collateral based on their perceptions or the market conditions, 
which could further impair Citigroup Inc.'s access to and cost of funding.  
These factors may negatively impact the market value of the Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or (in 
the case of Securities which are Notes or Certificates issued by CGMHI) Citigroup Inc.'s ability to fulfil 
its guarantor obligations. 
Actions taken under the Banking Act in relation to the CGMFL Guarantor could materially adversely 
affect the value of and return on Securities issued by CGMFL  
Under the Banking Act 2009 (the "Banking Act"), substantial powers are granted to HM Treasury, the 
Bank of England, the FCA and the Prudential Regulation Authority (the "PRA") (together, the 
"Authorities") as part of a special resolution regime (the "SRR"). These powers may be exercised in 
respect of certain UK entities (each a "relevant entity"), including certain PRA-designated investment 
firms such as the CGMFL Guarantor. 
The SRR consists of five stabilisation options and two special insolvency procedures (bank 
administration and bank insolvency). The stabilisation options provide for: (i) private sector transfer of 
all or part of the business of the relevant entity; (ii) transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant 
entity to a bridge bank wholly owned by the Bank of England; (iii) transfer of all or part of the business 
of the relevant entity to an asset management vehicle owned and controlled by the Bank of England; (iv) 
writing down certain claims of unsecured creditors of the relevant entity and/or converting certain 
unsecured debt claims to equity, (the "bail-in option"), which equity could also be subject to any future 
cancellation, transfer or dilution; and (v) temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of 
the relevant entity or its UK holding company. In each case, the Authorities have wide powers under the 
Banking Act including powers to modify contractual arrangements in certain circumstances and powers 
for HM Treasury to disapply or modify laws (with possible retroactive effect) to enable the stabilisation 
powers under the Banking Act to be used effectively. 
The SRR may be triggered prior to insolvency of the Guarantor 
The purpose of the stabilisation options is to address the situation where all or part of a business of a 
relevant entity has encountered, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties, giving rise to wider public 
interest concerns. Accordingly, the relevant stabilisation options may be exercised if (a) the relevant 
Authority is satisfied that a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail; (b) following consultation with the 
other Authorities, the relevant Authority determines that it is not reasonably likely that (ignoring the 
stabilising options) action will be taken that will result in the condition referred to in (a) ceasing to be 
met; and (c) the Authorities consider the exercise of the stabilisation options to be necessary, having 
regard to the public interest considerations (such as the stability of the UK financial system, public 
confidence in the UK banking system and the protection of depositors ). It is therefore possible that one 
of the stabilisation options could be exercised prior to the point at which any insolvency proceedings 
with respect to the relevant entity could be initiated. 
The terms of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee may be modified 
without the consent of the Securityholders 
If the stabilisation options were exercised under the SRR in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor, HM 
Treasury or the Bank of England may exercise extensive powers, including share transfer powers 
(applying to a wide range of securities), property transfer powers (including powers for partial transfers 
of property, rights and liabilities subject to certain protections in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor) and 
resolution instrument powers (including powers to make special bail-in provisions). Exercise of these 
powers could involve taking various actions in relation to the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL 
WEC Deed of Guarantee without the consent of the Securityholders, including (among other things) 
modifying or disapplying the terms of the relevant guarantee.

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
18 
 
 
The taking of any such actions could adversely affect the rights of Securityholders, the price or value of 
their investment in the Securities and/or the ability of the CGMFL Guarantor to satisfy its obligations 
under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee, as applicable. In such 
circumstances, Securityholders may have a claim for compensation under one of the compensation 
schemes existing under, or contemplated by, the Banking Act, but there can be no assurance that 
Securityholders would thereby recover compensation promptly or equal to any loss actually incurred. 
A partial transfer of the CGMFL Guarantor's business may result in a deterioration of its 
creditworthiness 
If the CGMFL Guarantor were made subject to the SRR and a partial transfer of its business to another 
entity were effected, the quality of the assets and the quantum of the liabilities not transferred and 
remaining with the CGMFL Guarantor (which may include the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and/or the 
CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee) will result in a deterioration in the creditworthiness of the CGMFL 
Guarantor and, as a result, increase the risk that it will be unable to meet its obligations in respect of the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee and/or eventually become 
subject to administration proceedings pursuant to the Banking Act. In such circumstances, 
Securityholders may have a claim for compensation under one of the compensation schemes existing 
under, or contemplated by, the Banking Act, but there can be no assurance that Securityholders would 
thereby recover compensation promptly or equal to any loss actually incurred. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Authorities have not made an instrument or order 
under the Banking Act in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor and there has been no indication that they 
will make any such instrument or order. However, there can be no assurance that this will not change 
and/or that Securityholders will not be adversely affected by any such order or instrument if made. 
RISKS RELATING TO SECURITIES GENERALLY 
Potential loss of some or all of the investment 
You should be prepared to sustain a total or partial loss of the purchase price of your Securities.  
Other than any Securities having a scheduled minimum redemption or settlement value, Securities 
purchased may be worthless on redemption of exercise. In addition, the Securities will only redeem or 
settle at an amount equivalent to at least the issue price if the applicable Issue Terms provide that the 
Redemption Amount at maturity or Cash Settlement Amount on exercise is an amount equivalent to at 
least such amount. If the Securities provide that the Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount, as 
the case may be, may be less than the issue price, such Securities may be redeemed at an amount less 
than such price. If the Securities are redeemed or settled at less than the issue price or the Securities are 
terminated, cancelled or repaid early in accordance with their terms, the amount received by you, as a 
holder of such Securities, will be less than your initial investment.  
Furthermore, the Securities may be traded in the secondary market or redeemed or terminated early or 
cancelled, and if so, the price for which a Security may be sold or redeemed early may be less than the 
principal amount of such Security and/or your initial investment in such Securities. 
For Securities which are linked to Underlying(s), in order to recover and realise a return upon your 
investment, you must generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated 
change in the value of the relevant Underlying(s). Assuming all other factors are held constant, the more 
a Security is "out-of-the-money" and the shorter its remaining term to maturity or exercise, the greater 
the risk that you will lose all or part of your investment. The only means through which you can realise 
value from a Security prior to the maturity date or settlement date in relation to such Security is to sell it 
at its then market price in an available secondary market (if any). Fluctuations in the value or the yield 
(if applicable) or the relevant rates of exchange (if applicable) of the relevant Underlying(s) will affect 
the value of the relevant Securities. You risk losing your entire investment if the value of the relevant 
Underlying(s) does not move in the anticipated direction.  
Further, you may receive no interest during the term of the Securities. 
Securities are unsecured obligations and subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and/or Guarantor

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
19 
 
All Securities will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and all Securities issued by 
it will rank equally among themselves and with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer. The obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee will be 
unsecured and unsubordinated and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor. The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor under 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee will be unsecured and 
unsubordinated and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor. See General Condition 4 (Status) of the General Conditions of the 
Notes and Certificates and General Condition 2 (Status) of the General Conditions of the Warrants and 
Exercisable Certificates. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Securities issued by it, the CGMHI Guarantor's obligations under the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Guarantor's obligations under the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee and the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee represent general contractual obligations of each 
respective entity and of no other person. Only Securities which are Notes or Certificates issued by 
CGMHI will be guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor. Only Securities issued by CGMFL will be 
guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor. Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. will not be guaranteed by any 
entity. 
Accordingly, all payments under the Securities are subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and, in respect 
of Notes or Certificates where the Issuer is CGMHI, of the CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is 
CGMFL, of the CGMFL Guarantor. Securityholders will not have recourse to any secured assets of the 
Issuer and, in respect of Notes or Certificates where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor in the event that the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor 
is unable to meet its obligations under the Securities, including e.g. in the event of an insolvency, and 
therefore risk losing some or all of their investment. 
A sale of Securities prior to their scheduled redemption or settlement date may result in a loss to the 
investor  
The value of Securities prior to their scheduled redemption or settlement date varies as the price or level 
of the Underlying(s) (if any) varies, as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, including (i) 
the trading price of the relevant Securities, (ii) the value and volatility of the Underlying(s), (iii) the 
remaining tenor, (iv) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the probable range of any Redemption 
Amounts or Cash Settlement Amounts, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if 
applicable, (vi) any change(s) in currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the 
Underlying(s) and (viii) any related transaction costs. Depending on the above factors (e.g. if movements 
in the price or level of the Underlying(s) reduce the probable range of any Redemption Amounts or Cash 
Settlement Amounts), a sale of Securities prior to their scheduled redemption or exercise may be at a 
substantial discount from the original purchase price and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
Impact of fees, commissions and/or inducements on the Issue Price and/or offer price 
The issue price and/or offer price of Securities may include fees and/or other commissions and 
inducements (e.g. placement fees, distribution fees, structuring fees). Any such fees and/or other 
commissions and inducements will not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the price 
of such Securities in the secondary market and will result in a difference between the Issue Price and/or 
offer price of the Securities and the bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. 
Any such difference will result in a decrease in the value of an issue of Securities and consequently a 
loss to the investor, particularly in relation to any such Securities sold immediately following the issue 
date or offer period relating to such Securities.  
The secondary market 
Securities may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, so investors 
should be prepared to hold their Securities until maturity or exercise. If a market does develop, it may 
not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets and you may not be able to find 
a timely and/or suitable purchaser. If it is possible to sell Securities, they would be sold for the prevailing 
bid price in the market and may be subject to a transaction fee. The prevailing bid price may be affected 
by several factors including the performance of any relevant Underlying, prevailing interest rates at the 
time of sale, the time remaining to the stated maturity date, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or (if

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
20 
 
 
applicable) the Guarantor and factors affecting the capital markets generally. The introduction of 
additional or competing products in the market may also have a negative effect on the price of any 
Securities.  
Consequently, you may not be able to sell your Securities easily or at all or at prices that will provide 
you with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market or at prices 
equal to or higher than your initial investment and in fact any such price may be substantially less than 
the original purchase price. Therefore, in establishing your investment strategy, you should ensure that 
the term of the Securities is in line with your future liquidity requirements. This is particularly the case 
should the relevant Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Securities having 
to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or issue or offer price, or for Securities that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories 
of investors. These types of Securities generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Securities. The liquidity of Securities is also influenced by the type of investor to whom 
such Securities are sold. To the extent that an issue of Securities is or becomes illiquid, you may have to 
hold the relevant Securities until maturity or exercise before you are able to realise value. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Securities on a stock exchange or regulated market. 
If Securities are not listed or traded on any stock exchange or regulated market, pricing information for 
the relevant Securities may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of such Securities may be 
adversely affected. 
If Securities are not listed or traded on a stock exchange or regulated market, they may be traded on 
trading systems governed by the laws and regulations in force from time to time (e.g. multilateral trading 
systems or "MTFs") or in other trading systems (e.g. bilateral systems or equivalent trading systems). In 
the event that trading in such Securities takes place outside any such stock exchange, regulated market 
or trading systems, the manner in which the price of such Securities is determined may be less transparent 
and the liquidity of such Securities may be adversely affected. You should note that none of the Issuer, 
(if applicable) the Guarantor and any Dealer grants any warranty to Securityholders as to the 
methodologies used to determine the price of Securities which are traded outside a trading system. 
However, where the Issuer or any of its affiliates determines the price of such Securities, it will take into 
account the market parameters applicable at such time in accordance with applicable provisions of law. 
Even if Securities are listed and/or admitted to trading, this will not necessarily result in greater liquidity. 
Each of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any Dealer may, but is not obliged to, at any time 
purchase Securities at any price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any Securities so 
purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. If such Securities are surrendered for 
cancellation, then the number of Securities outstanding will decrease, which will reduce liquidity for the 
outstanding Securities. Any such activities may have an adverse effect on the price of the relevant 
Securities in the secondary market and/or the existence of a secondary market. 
Any of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any Dealer or affiliate of any such entity, as, where 
applicable, part of its activities as a broker and dealer in fixed income and equity securities and related 
products or otherwise, may make a secondary market in relation to any Securities and may provide an 
indicative bid price on a daily basis. Any indicative prices so provided shall be determined by the relevant 
party in its sole discretion taking into account prevailing market conditions and shall not be a 
representation by such party that any Securities can be purchased or sold at such prices (or at all) and any 
of the parties specified above may suspend or terminate making a market and providing indicative prices 
without notice, at any time and for any reason. In these circumstances, there may be no market for the 
relevant Securities and you should not assume that such a market will exist. Accordingly you must be 
prepared to hold the Securities until the maturity or exercise date, and may not be able to sell them prior 
to such date or, if you can, you may only be able to do so for a loss. 
In addition, Securities issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus may be subscribed (upon issuance) by the 
Issuer itself or by its affiliate(s) for resales on the secondary market thereafter on the basis of investors' 
demand. Accordingly, in these cases investors purchasing the relevant Securities should be aware that 
there may not be a liquid secondary market for the relevant Securities immediately. Even if a market 
does develop subsequently, it may not be liquid. Furthermore investors should note that when subscribing 
the Securities the relevant Dealer may receive in consideration underwriting commissions and selling

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
21 
 
concessions. The Issuer may also offer and sell Securities directly to investors without the involvement 
of any Dealer. In addition, the Issuer or one of its affiliates may act as market maker, liquidity provider 
or specialist or perform other similar roles in connection with the Securities, including inter alia acting 
as intermediary performing the investment service of execution of orders; in such cases, the Issuer or one 
of its affiliates can purchase the Securities issued by itself. In light of the above circumstances, potential 
conflicts of interest may exist between the Issuer and/or its affiliates acting in the capacity of 
owners/holders of the Securities and/or market maker, liquidity provider or specialist or intermediary on 
the one hand and investors in the Securities on the other. 
The relevant market maker, liquidity provider or specialist may act by virtue of agreements entered into 
with the Issuer and/or the Dealer/distributor, pursuant to which the parties undertake to sell the Securities 
on the secondary market at a price calculated on the basis of predetermined conditions and/or for a 
maximum predetermined quantity. Where the liquidity of the Securities is supported by one or more 
entities operating on the secondary market, there is a risk that the purchase price of the Securities is 
influenced by the activity of such entities if the purchase price is formulated on the basis of pre-
determined criteria. In such a case, in fact, the price may not reflect all the market variables and may not 
be indicative of the same and may, therefore, be different from the price that would have been determined 
independently on the market. 
In addition, the Issuer reserves the right to cancel some or all of the Securities held by the Issuer itself 
and/or the relevant Dealer (or also by re-purchasing them from the relevant Dealer) at any time prior to 
the final maturity of the Securities. Accordingly, the aggregate principal amount or number of Securities 
outstanding at any time may be significantly less than the principal amount outstanding on the Issue Date, 
and this could have a negative impact on the investor's ability to sell the Securities in the secondary 
market. While this risk applies to all Securities, it may be particularly the case with regard to Securities 
listed and/or traded on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. trading venues. Any such right of cancellation shall be 
exercised in accordance with applicable laws, the terms and conditions of the Securities and the 
applicable rules of the relevant stock exchange(s) and markets, including as to notification. 
Change of law (including applicable tax law) or tax practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities are based on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
such laws or administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Securities affected by it. 
In addition any relevant tax law, regulations or practice applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and/or the date of purchase or subscription of any Securities may change at any time (including during 
any subscription period or the term of any Securities) and it is not possible to predict the precise tax 
treatment which will apply to the Securities at any given time. Any such change may have an adverse 
effect on you including that your Securities may be redeemed, terminated or cancelled before their due 
date, their liquidity may decrease and/or the tax treatment of amounts payable or receivable by or to you 
may be less favourable than otherwise expected by you. 
Risks related to implementation of regulatory reform 
Implementation of U.S. federal financial reform legislation may affect the value of Underlying(s) and 
the ability to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Securities. This may in turn affect the market value, 
trading price and volatility of, and return on, the Securities. This is because the amounts received and/or 
value of assets deliverable under the Securities will depend on (among other things) the performance of 
any such Underlying(s) and the Securities may be subject to early redemption, termination or cancellation 
as a result of events related to hedging arrangements. In addition, amounts and/or assets due under the 
Securities may be reduced to reflect costs related to hedging arrangements.  
For example, in October 2020, the CFTC adopted rules to establish revised or new limits on the size of 
the positions any person may hold in 25 agricultural, metals and energy futures contracts and futures, 
options and swaps that are economically equivalent to those futures contracts. The limits apply to a 
person's combined position in the specified 25 futures contracts and options on futures ("core referenced 
futures contracts"), futures and options on futures directly or indirectly linked to the core referenced 
futures contracts, and economically equivalent swaps. These rules came into effect on 1 January 2022 
for covered futures and options on futures contracts and on 1 January 2023 for covered swaps. These

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
22 
 
 
limits may subject certain transactions to new forms of regulation that could create barriers and increase 
costs in relation to some types of hedging activity by the relevant Issuer and/or any Hedging Party or any 
of their respective affiliates. Other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act require certain Underlying(s) or 
hedging transactions to be cleared, traded on a regulated exchange and reported to regulators, central 
data repositories and, in some cases, the public, which may also affect their value, volatility and cost. 
The Dodd-Frank Act also expands entity registration requirements and imposes business conduct 
requirements on persons active in the swaps market (which may include new capital and margin 
requirements), which may affect the value of the relevant Underlying(s) or value and/or cost of hedging 
transactions. Such regulation may consequently affect the market value, trading price and volatility of, 
and return on, the Securities. 
Changes in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the value of the Securities 
and payments in respect thereof in relation to the currency of your jurisdiction  
An investment in Securities denominated or payable in a Settlement Currency and/or payable in a 
currency other than the currency of your jurisdiction ("your currency") entails significant risks that are 
not associated with a similar investment in a security denominated in your currency. These risks include, 
but are not limited to: 
• 
the possibility of significant market changes in rates of exchange between your currency and 
the Settlement Currency and/or payment currency; 
• 
the possibility of significant changes in rates of exchange between your currency and the 
Settlement Currency and/or payment currency resulting from the official redenomination or 
revaluation of the Settlement Currency and/or payment currency; and 
• 
the possibility of the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls by either your 
jurisdiction or foreign governments. 
These risks generally depend on factors over which none of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor 
has any control and which cannot be readily foreseen, such as economic and political events and the 
supply of, and demand for, the relevant currencies. 
In recent years, rates of exchange between some foreign currencies in which the Securities may be 
denominated and/or payable have been volatile. This volatility may be expected in the future. 
Fluctuations that have occurred in any particular exchange rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, 
however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Security. Depreciation of the 
Settlement Currency and/or payment currency of a Security against your currency would result in a 
decrease in the effective yield of such Security below its coupon rate (if applicable) and could result in a 
substantial loss to you in terms of your currency. 
Governments and monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, 
exchange controls that could affect applicable exchange rates as well as the availability of a Settlement 
Currency and/or payment currency at the time of payment of any amounts on any Security. There can be 
no assurance that exchange controls will not restrict or prohibit payments under the Securities which are 
denominated in any such Settlement Currency and/or payment currency. Even if there are no actual 
exchange controls, it is possible that a Specified Currency and/or payment currency would not be 
available to the Issuer and/or (if applicable) the Guarantor when payments on a Security are due because 
of circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer and/or (if applicable) the Guarantor. Any such 
restriction, prohibition or unavailability of the relevant currency may negatively affect the value of and 
return on the Securities, and could result in a substantial loss to you. 
The above risks may be increased if any Specified Currency and/or payment currency and/or your 
currency is the currency of an emerging market jurisdiction. 
The unavailability of currencies could result in a loss of value of the Securities and payments 
thereunder 
The currency in which payments on a Security are required to be made may be redenominated, for 
example, because such currency is:

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
23 
 
• 
unavailable due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the 
Issuer's and/or (if applicable) the Guarantor's control; 
• 
no longer used by the government of the country issuing the currency; or 
• 
no longer used for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of the international 
banking community. 
Where the currency in which payments in respect of a Security is officially redenominated, other than as 
a result of Economic and Monetary Union in the EU, such as by an official redenomination of any such 
currency that is a composite currency, then the payment obligations of the Issuer and/or (if applicable) 
the Guarantor on such Security immediately following the redenomination will be the amount of 
redenominated currency that represents the amount of the Issuer's and/or (if applicable) the Guarantor's 
obligations immediately before the redenomination.  
The Securities will not provide for any adjustment to any amount payable as a result of: 
• 
any change in the value of the Settlement Currency and/or payment currency of those Securities 
relative to any other currency due solely to fluctuations in exchange rates; or 
• 
any redenomination of any component currency of any composite currency, unless that 
composite currency is itself officially redenominated. 
Accordingly, a currency redenomination may result in a material adverse loss of the value of and return 
on the Securities. 
Certain considerations relating to public offers of Securities in the EEA  
As described in the applicable Final Terms, Securities that are not Exempt Securities may be distributed 
by means of a public offer made in the specified Member State(s) of the EEA during an offer period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. During such offer period, the Issuer and/or any other person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms may reserve the right to cancel such offer and/or to scale back 
applications for such offer in the event of over-subscription or such other circumstances as are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. In such circumstances, an applicant investor may not be issued any 
Securities or may be issued a number of Securities which is less than the amount for which such applicant 
investor applied. Any payments made by an applicant investor or, in the case of public offers in Italy any 
amount segregated by a distributor as intended payment of the offer price by an applicant investor, for 
Securities that are not issued to such applicant investor for any such reason will be refunded. However, 
there will be a time lag in making any reimbursement, no interest or compensation will be payable in 
respect of any such amounts and the applicant investor may be subject to reinvestment risk.  
In addition, the Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may terminate the 
offer early by immediate suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving 
notice to the public in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. Any such termination may occur, 
even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), has not been reached and, in such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have 
an impact on the aggregate number of Securities issued. This may in turn have an adverse effect on the 
liquidity of the relevant Securities, with the result that you may not be able to sell the Securities prior to 
the maturity date or, if you can, that you may only be able to do so for a loss. 
Further, you should note that, in certain circumstances, Securities may not be issued on the originally 
designated issue date, for example because either the Issuer and/or any other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms has reserved the right to postpone such issue date or, following the publication 
of a supplement to this Base Prospectus the Issuer has decided to postpone such issue date to allow 
investors who had made applications to subscribe for Securities before the date of publication of such 
Supplement to exercise their right to withdraw their acceptances. In the event that the issue date is so 
delayed, no interest shall accrue (if applicable) until the issue date of the Securities and no compensation 
shall be payable.

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
24 
 
 
Certain risks relating to public offers of the Securities in Italy 
If the Securities are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the applicable Final Terms will 
have the right to withdraw or revoke the offer, and the offer will be deemed to be null and void according 
to the terms indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may terminate the offer 
early by immediate suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving notice to 
the public in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. Any such termination may occur even where 
the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
has not been reached. In such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have an impact on the 
aggregate number of Securities issued and, therefore, may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of the 
Securities. Furthermore, in such circumstances, investors who have already paid or delivered subscription 
monies for the relevant Securities will be entitled to reimbursement of such amounts, but will not receive 
any remuneration that may have accrued in the period between their payment or delivery of subscription 
monies and the reimbursement of the Securities. 
The applicable Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of the offer of Securities is conditional 
upon admission to listing (in the case of a regulated market) or admission to trading (in the case of a 
multilateral trading facility) indicated in the applicable Final Terms, occurring by the Issue Date. In such 
case, in the event that admission to listing and/or trading of the Securities does not take place by the Issue 
Date for whatever reason, the Issuer may withdraw the offer, the offer will be deemed to be null and void 
and the relevant Securities will not be issued. As a consequence, the potential investor will not receive 
any Securities, any subscription rights the potential investor has for the Securities will be cancelled and 
they will not be entitled to any compensation therefor. 
Furthermore, under certain circumstances, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms will have the right to extend the offer period and/or to postpone the originally designated 
issue date, and related interest payment dates. 
The issue price and/or offer price of the Securities may include subscription fees, placement fees, 
direction fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs. Any such fees and/or costs may not be taken 
into account for the purposes of determining the price of such Securities on the secondary market and 
could result in a difference between the original issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of the 
Securities, and/or the actual bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any 
such difference may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities, particularly immediately 
following the offer and the issue date relating to such Securities, where any such fees and/or costs may 
be deducted from the price at which such Securities can be sold by the initial investor in the secondary 
market. 
Where Securities are offered to the public, as the relevant Dealer(s) and any distributors act pursuant to 
a mandate granted by the Issuer and they receive fees on the basis of the services performed and the 
outcome of the placement of such Securities, potential conflicts of interest could arise. 
In addition, if it is indicated in the Final Terms that the Issuer will adopt the distribution process on the 
MOT described in article 2.4.3, paragraph 7 of the rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana, the circumstance that, pursuant to this distribution process, potential investors can monitor (via 
market operators) the progress of the proposed purchases of the Securities during the offer period, may 
have an impact on the progress and results of the offer. Investors should also note that, pursuant to the 
distribution process on the MOT indicated above, the proposed acquisition of the Securities during the 
offer period does not constitute conclusion of the contract, which remains subject to confirmation of the 
correct execution of the order and the issuance of the Securities. 
Determinations and potential conflicts of interest 
The terms of the Securities confer on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and certain other persons some 
discretion in making judgements, determinations and calculations in relation to the Securities including, 
inter alia, Underlying(s) and the occurrence of various events. The Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such 
other persons will act (a) in respect of securities other than German Law Warrants, in good faith and in 
its sole and absolute discretion or in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms) or (b) in respect of German Law Warrants, in its reasonable discretion and

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
25 
 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, but there can be no assurance that the exercise of 
any such discretion will not affect the value of the Securities or result in the occurrence of an early 
repayment at an amount less than an investor's initial investment. 
Where the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between 
the Calculation Agent and Securityholders, including with respect to such judgements, determinations 
and calculations that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Securities that may influence the 
amount receivable or specified assets deliverable in respect of the Securities. 
Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or their 
affiliates and/or any third parties or entities which are not subject to regulation under the laws of the 
United States, the EEA or the United Kingdom may be the sponsor of an Underlying and may publish 
values or prices or other projections of creditworthiness in respect of an Underlying. Any of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates may 
also from time to time engage in transactions involving Underlying(s) for their proprietary accounts or 
for other accounts under their management, subject to requirements of all applicable laws and regulations. 
Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or their 
affiliates may also issue other derivative instruments in respect of any Underlying(s). Any of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, and/or their affiliates may also 
act as underwriter or counterparty in connection with future offerings of shares or other securities or 
obligations related to an issue of Securities or may act as financial adviser to certain companies or 
companies whose securities are Underlying(s) in respect of one or more issues of Securities or in a 
commercial banking capacity for such companies. These activities may have a negative effect on the 
value of the relevant Underlying(s) and consequently upon the value of the Securities. 
Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Dealer 
and/or any of their affiliates may at the date of this Base Prospectus or at any time hereafter be in 
possession of information in relation to an Underlying that is or may be material and may or may not be 
publicly available to Securityholders. There is no obligation on any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, or any Dealer to disclose to any potential investors 
in Securities or to Securityholders any such information. 
Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Dealer 
and/or any of their affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with the issuer of, or other 
entity associated with, any Underlying(s) (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk 
management, advisory and banking relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that they or it 
deems necessary or appropriate to protect their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the 
consequences for you, which could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
Where Securities are offered to the public, as the relevant Dealer(s) and any distributors act pursuant to 
a mandate granted by the Issuer and they receive fees on the basis of the services performed and the 
outcome of the placement of such Securities, potential conflicts of interest could arise. 
Realisation Disruption 
Other than in the case of Preference Share Linked Securities, if "Realisation Disruption" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a Realisation Disruption Event occurs (being, in summary, 
either (i) an event which imposes restrictions or taxes, charges or deductions in respect of the Securities 
and/or on hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities which would materially restrict, or materially 
increase the cost of, the Issuer's obligations under the Securities or materially restrict, or materially 
increase the cost of, any Hedging Party's obligations under any such hedging arrangements, or (ii) the 
occurrence or existence of any event which either materially restricts the exchange, delivery or transfer 
of the currency of payment of the Securities or of any hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities 
or restricts the determination of any exchange rate in relation to any such currency), then either (a) the 
terms and conditions of the Securities (including any payment or delivery obligations) may be adjusted 
in order to reflect the economic effect of the particular Realisation Disruption Event or (b) the Issuer may 
early terminate the Securities.  
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to): (i) payments under 
the Securities being made in a different currency to the previously specified payment currency of the

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
26 
 
 
Securities; (ii) deduction of applicable taxes, charges or deductions from payments due in respect of the 
Securities resulting in reduced amounts paid in respect of the Securities or delivery of any Entitlement 
being subject to payment by the relevant Securityholder of an amount equal to a pro rata portion of any 
such tax, charge or deduction; (iii) delay of payments or deliveries in respect of the Securities until the 
relevant restrictions are lifted; (iv) determination of relevant exchange rates by the Calculation Agent 
taking into consideration all available information that it deems relevant, which may result in a different 
rate to that which would have applied had the Realisation Disruption Event not occurred; and (v) (where 
legally permissible) in lieu of paying any cash amounts in respect of the Securities, procuring the physical 
delivery of any Underlying(s) (or vice versa). Any of the above adjustments could produce a materially 
different redemption to that originally anticipated in respect of the Securities and could have a material 
adverse impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
If the Securities are terminated early pursuant to (b) of the first paragraph above, the Issuer will pay to 
you, as a holder of such Securities, an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
See further Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(j) (Realisation Disruption) in respect of Securities 
which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(j) (Realisation Disruption) in 
respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates. 
Occurrence of a RMB Disruption Event 
A RMB Disruption Event refers to the occurrence of a RMB Inconvertibility, RMB Non-Transferability 
or RMB Illiquidity (each, as defined in the General Conditions). If "RMB Disruption Event" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if such event occurs, the Calculation Agent may direct 
the Issuer to exercise its option to (a) postpone any payment in RMB due under the Securities to a later 
date (being 10 Business Days following the date on which such RMB Disruption Event ceases to exist); 
or (b) replace the Issuer's obligation to pay in RMB by an obligation to pay such amount in the RMB 
Relevant Currency converted using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Determination Date. 
Alternatively, the Issuer may early terminate each Security at its Early Termination Amount.  
In case of (a) or (b), investors may receive a late payment or depending on the conversion rate that is 
applied, a payment less than the anticipated amount(s) due in respect of the Securities. If the Securities 
are early terminated pursuant to (b), the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Securities, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or such other amount as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid 
to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
See further General Condition 6(j) (Occurrence of a RMB Disruption Event) in respect of Securities 
which are Notes or Certificates or General Condition 5(h) (RMB Disruption Event) in respect of 
Securities which are Warrants or Certificates. 
Illegality in relation to Securities 
If the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under an issue of Securities or (if 
applicable) the Guarantor determines that the performance of its obligations under the relevant Deed of 
Guarantee in respect of such Securities has become illegal in whole or in part for any reason, the Issuer 
may redeem or terminate the Securities early and, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, will 
pay to you, as a holder of such Securities (i) where the early termination amount is determined by 
reference to the fair market value of the Securities, an amount calculated, notwithstanding such illegality, 
in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) otherwise, an amount 
calculated pursuant to the relevant Condition or as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a 
loss. 
See further General Condition 6(b)(ii) (Redemption for Illegality) in respect of Securities which are Notes 
or Certificates or General Condition 8 (Illegality in relation to the Warrants) in respect of Securities 
which are Warrants or Certificates.

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
27 
 
Section 871(m) Event 
In circumstances that constitute a "Section 871(m) Event" (being the occurrence at any time of 
circumstances in which the Issuer, and/or (if applicable) the Guarantor and/or save where the applicable 
Issue Terms specify that "Section 871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not applicable, any Hedging Party is (or, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable likelihood that, within the next 30 
Business Days, the Issuer and/or (if applicable) the Guarantor and/or save where the applicable Issue 
Terms specify that "Section 871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not applicable, any Hedging Party will become) 
subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) (as defined in "Risks 
relating to the United States tax treatment of the Securities") with respect to the relevant Securities and/or 
the Deed of Guarantee and/or, save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Section 871(m) Event 
(Hedging)" is not applicable, any underlying Hedging Positions), if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an Early Termination Event will occur in which case the relevant Securities may 
be early terminated as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of such Securities. 
If the Securities are so terminated early, the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Securities, an 
amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms or another 
amount as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less 
than your initial investment and you could lose some or all of your investment. 
Risks relating to the United States tax treatment of the Securities 
The United States Tax Treatment of Certain Securities is Unclear 
For U.S. federal tax purposes, the proper treatment and characterisation of Securities that are not treated 
as debt instruments (generally, Securities that do not provide for the return at maturity or settlement of a 
holder's investment) are unclear. As a result, the timing and character of income on such a Security are 
uncertain, and for a non-U.S. investor holding such a Security issued by a U.S. Issuer (as defined below 
under "Section F.8—Taxation of Securities—United States Federal Tax Considerations"), there is a risk 
that payments on such a Security, in particular payments that are made (or fixed) prior to maturity or 
settlement, may be subject to U.S. withholding tax. If withholding tax applies to a payment on such a 
Security, the Issuer will generally not be required to pay additional amounts in respect of amounts 
withheld. An investor may therefore receive a substantially reduced return on the Securities as compared 
to the return the investor would receive in the absence of such withholding.  
In the case of Debt Designated Securities issued by a U.S. Issuer (both as defined below under "Section 
F.8—Taxation of Securities—United States Federal Tax Considerations"), there is a risk of 
recharacterisation as non-debt instruments if the Securities (such as certain Credit Linked Notes that are 
Debt Designated Securities) do not provide for the return of a holder's investment under all 
circumstances, in which case payments may be subject to U.S. withholding tax. 
The U.S. Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") have requested comments on 
various issues regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of "prepaid forward contracts" and similar 
financial instruments and have indicated that such transactions may be the subject of future regulations 
or other guidance. In addition, members of Congress have proposed legislative changes to the tax 
treatment of derivative contracts. Any legislation, Treasury regulations or other guidance promulgated 
after consideration of these issues could materially and adversely affect the tax consequences of an 
investment in the Securities, possibly with retroactive effect.  
Possible Taxable Event for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
Certain modifications to the terms of the Securities could be treated as "significant modifications" of the 
Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in which case the Securities would generally be treated, 
in whole or part, as retired and reissued. Significant modifications could include (but are not limited to) 
a designation by the Issuer of a Substitute for itself and the designation of a substitute or successor rate.  
In the event of a significant modification, a U.S. Holder (as defined under "Section F.8—Taxation of 
Securities—United States Federal Tax Considerations" in this Base Prospectus) would generally be 
required to recognise gain or loss (subject to possible treatment as a recapitalisation or, in the case of 
loss, to the possible application of the wash sale rules) with respect to the Securities. Moreover, the 
treatment of the Securities after such an event could differ from their prior treatment. A changed

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
28 
 
 
treatment of the Securities could have possible withholding tax consequences to Non-U.S. Holders (as 
defined under "Section F.8—Taxation of Securities—United States Federal Tax Considerations" in this 
Base Prospectus). The after tax return on the Securities after a significant modification may be less, and 
significantly so, than the return prior to such modification. Prospective purchasers should consult their 
tax advisors regarding the risk of such an event. 
Possible U.S. Federal Withholding Tax under Section 871(m)  
Section 871(m) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder ("Section 871(m)") impose a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty 
rate) withholding tax on certain "dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. Holders with 
respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities. This 
withholding regime generally applies to Securities that substantially replicate the economic performance 
of one or more underlying U.S. equities, as determined based on one of two tests set forth in the 
regulations. However, based on an IRS notice, Securities issued prior to 2027 will generally be subject 
to this withholding tax only if they have a "delta" of one with respect to the relevant underlying U.S. 
equity. The regulations provide certain other exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for 
instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the regulations as 
well as instruments linked to securities that track such indices. The Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld under Section 871(m) and an investor may therefore 
receive a substantially reduced return on the Securities as compared to the return an investor would 
receive in the absence of such withholding tax. 
If the Issuer determines that amounts paid with respect to the Securities or any underlying hedging 
arrangements of the Issuer in respect of the Securities will be subject to any withholding or reporting 
obligations pursuant to Section 871(m), the Issuer may terminate such Securities and, if and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, may pay to each Securityholder in respect of each Security an amount equal 
to the fair market value of such Security, and may also deduct the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements from such amount. The amount repaid to you 
could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential 
application of Section 871(m) to a particular Security. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should be aware that if a Section 871(m) Event (as defined in 
the Valuation and Settlement Schedule) occurs, an Early Termination Event may occur, in which case 
the relevant Securities may be terminated as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of such 
Securities. 
Reportable Transactions 
In 2015, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released notices designating certain "basket options", 
"basket contracts" and substantially similar transactions as reportable transactions. The terms "basket 
option" and "basket contract" refer to certain contracts in which a taxpayer receives a return based on 
the performance of a notional basket of referenced assets, provided that the taxpayer or its "designee" 
has, and exercises, discretion to change the assets or an algorithm underlying the contract. In addition, in 
July 2024 the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released proposed regulations that, if adopted in 
their current form, would deem any such transactions to be "listed transactions". If the Issuer, an index 
sponsor or calculation agent or other person were to exercise discretion under the terms of a Security or 
an index underlying a Security and were treated as a holder's "designee" for these purposes, unless an 
exception applied certain holders of the relevant Securities would be required to report certain 
information to the IRS, as set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, or be subject to penalties. The 
Issuer might also be required to report information regarding the transaction to the IRS. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal 
tax consequences of an investment in the Securities. 
The proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the 
"Commission's Proposal") for a financial transaction tax ("FTT") to be adopted in certain participating

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
29 
 
EU member states (including Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia), although Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. If the 
Commission's Proposal was adopted, the FTT would be a tax primarily on "financial institutions" (which 
could include the Issuer) in relation to "financial transactions" (which would include the conclusion or 
modification of derivative contracts and the purchase and sale of financial instruments). 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating member states. Generally, it would apply where at least one party is a 
financial institution, and at least one party is established I n a participating member state. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating member state in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating member state or 
(b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the financial transaction is issued in a participating 
member state. 
Risks related to the EU Pillar Two directive 
On 20 December 2021, the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on BEPS published the Global Anti-Base 
Erosion Model Rules (commonly referred to as Pillar Two). Pillar Two aims to ensure that multinational 
enterprise groups with annual consolidated revenues of €750 million or more are subject to a minimum 
effective tax rate of 15% in each jurisdiction where they operate. 
The primary mechanism under Pillar Two is the income inclusion rule ("IIR"), pursuant to which a top-
up tax is payable by a parent entity of a group if one or more constituent entities of the group have not 
been subject to an effective tax rate of 15%. In the event where the IIR does not apply at the ultimate 
parent entity level, a lower-level parent entity may be required to apply the IIR. A secondary fall back is 
provided by the undertaxed profit rule ("UTPR") in case the IIR has not been applied. The UTPR can be 
applied by (i) limiting or denying a deduction or (ii) making an adjustment in the form of a top-up tax. 
In addition, jurisdictions may implement a qualified domestic minimum top-up tax ("QDMTT"). A 
jurisdiction that incorporates the QDMTT becomes the first in line to levy any top-up tax from low-taxed 
entities located in its jurisdiction. It must compute profits and calculate any top-up tax due in the same 
way as the Pillar Two rules. Without a QDMTT, another jurisdiction, as determined by the Pillar Two 
rules, would be entitled to levy the top-up tax. 
At EU level, Pillar Two is implemented through Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of 15 December 
2022 on ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for multinational enterprise groups and large-scale 
domestic groups in the European Union (the "Pillar Two Directive"). EU Member States were required 
to transpose the Pillar Two Directive in their national laws by 31 December 2023 and the rules had to 
become effective for tax years commencing on or after 31 December 2023, with the exception of the 
UTPR, which will apply for tax years commencing on or after 31 December 2024. Luxembourg has 
transposed the Pillar Two Directive through the law of 22 December 2023. In that context, Luxembourg 
opted to implement the UTPR in the form of an additional tax and to apply a QMDTT applicable for tax 
years starting on or after 31 December 2023. 
The implementation of Pillar Two could result in a higher tax burden for CGMFL and may adversely 
affect investor returns. 
Anti-tax avoidance directives 
Directive 2016/1164/EU, the so-called anti-tax avoidance directive ("ATAD"), was adopted on 12 July 
2016 to implement in the EU Member States' domestic legal frameworks common measures to tackle tax 
avoidance practices. ATAD lays down (i) controlled foreign company rules, (ii) anti-hybrid mismatches 
within the EU context rules, (iii) general interest limitation rules, (iv) a general anti-abuse rule, and (v) 
exit taxation rules. Following the adoption of ATAD, the EU Member States decided to go further as 
regards hybrid-mismatches with third countries, and adopted the Directive 2017/952/EU ("ATAD 2") 
amending the ATAD provisions with respect to anti-hybrid mismatches, on 29 May 2017. Luxembourg 
adopted (i) the Law of 21 December 2018 implementing ATAD with effect as of 1 January 2019 and (ii) 
the Law of 20 December 2019 implementing ATAD 2 with effect as of 1 January 2020 (except for the 
reverse hybrid mismatch rules, which have applied since 1 January 2022). These rules could increase the 
taxable base of CGMFL and/or reduce amounts available for distribution to Securityholders.

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS 
30 
 
 
Risks relating to inflation 
Inflation is the general increase in prices and fall in the purchasing value of money over time. Due to the 
impact of inflation, the same amount of money will buy fewer goods and services over time.  
The real return (or yield) on an investment in Securities will be reduced by inflation. Consequently, the 
higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a security will be. If the inflation rate is equal to 
or greater than the yield under a security, the real yield a holder of such security will achieve will be zero 
or even negative. Accordingly, inflation may have a negative effect on the value of and return on the 
Securities, and you should consider the potential impact of inflation (including if the rate of inflation is 
anticipated to rise over the term of the Securities) before purchasing Securities.  
Relatedly, if the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities provide that some or all of the principal 
shall be repaid at maturity, such scheduled principal repayment will not provide any protection from the 
effect of inflation over time and it may still be the case that the return on such Securities adjusted for 
inflation could be negative. 
With regard to risks of Securities linked to one or more Inflation Indices, see "Risks associated with 
Securities linked to Inflation Indices". 
Simultaneous risks and compounding of risks 
More than one risk factor may have simultaneous effects with regard to the Securities such that the effect 
of a particular risk may not be predictable. In addition, more than one risk factor may have a 
compounding effect, which may not be predictable. 
RISKS RELATING TO SECURITIES LINKED TO UNDERLYING(S) 
General risks relating to Securities linked to Underlying(s) 
An investment in Securities linked to Underlying(s) has significant risks that are not associated with a 
similar investment in a conventional security (e.g. a debt instrument that has a pre-determined specified 
principal amount, is denominated in your currency and bears interest at either a fixed or a floating rate 
based on nationally published interest rate references), as amounts due or assets deliverable in respect of 
such Securities are linked to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s).  
The risks associated with a particular Security linked to Underlying(s) will depend on factors over which 
none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor has any control and which cannot 
readily be foreseen, and the return on Securities linked to Underlying(s) may attract certain of the same 
risks as an actual investment in the relevant Underlying(s). These risks include economic and political 
events and the supply of, and demand for, any relevant Underlying(s). 
Each of these risks may have an impact on the level, price, rate or other applicable value of an Underlying, 
which may go down as well as up throughout the term of the Securities, and such fluctuations may affect 
the value of and return on the Securities. 
Furthermore, in recent years, prices, rates, levels or values for various Underlying(s) have been highly 
volatile. Such volatility may be expected in the future. Fluctuations in the prices, rates, levels or values 
that have occurred in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur 
during the term of any Securities linked to Underlying(s). 
In addition, the value of any relevant Underlying(s) may be determined or published by any Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor or an affiliate of any such entity or determined or 
published by third parties or entities which are not subject to regulation under the laws of the United 
States, the EEA or the United Kingdom.  
The risk of loss as a result of linking principal, interest and/or termination payments to Underlying(s) can 
be substantial and the payment of principal, interest and/or termination amounts may be contingent on 
the occurrence of certain events in respect of Underlying(s) which may not occur.

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS 
31 
 
No rights of ownership in Underlying(s) 
The Securities do not create an actual interest in, or ownership of, the relevant Underlying(s). Except in 
certain circumstances where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities, a Security will not represent 
a claim against any Underlying and, in the event that the amount paid on redemption of the Securities is 
less than the nominal amount of the Securities, you, as a Securityholder, will not have recourse under 
any relevant Security to any security indices, inflation indices, commodity indices, commodities, shares, 
depositary receipts, exchange traded funds, mutual funds, currencies, bespoke or proprietary indices, 
dividend futures contracts, interest rates, preference shares, debt securities or other items which may 
comprise the relevant Underlying(s) in respect of such Securities. The exposure to the relevant 
Underlying(s) is notional and an investment in the Securities is not an investment in the relevant 
Underlying(s). Although the performance of the relevant Underlying(s) will have an effect on the 
Securities, the relevant Underlying(s) and the Securities are separate obligations of different legal 
entities. You will have no legal or beneficial interest in the relevant Underlying(s). Accordingly, you 
may receive a lower return on the Securities than you would have received had you invested directly in 
the Underlying(s) or through another product. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Security Indices 
The level of a Security Index is generally based on the value of the component securities of that index 
("component securities") although the level of a Security Index may not include the reinvestment of the 
yield on the component securities. Global economic, financial and political developments, among other 
things, may have a material effect on the value of the component securities and/or the performance of a 
Security Index, and this may in turn affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
The risks of a particular Security linked to a Security Index will depend on the terms of that Security. 
Such risks may include the possibility of significant changes in: 
• 
the prices of the component securities and the weighting of each component security within the 
relevant index or indices; 
• 
other objective prices; and 
• 
economic or other measures making up the relevant Security Index or indices. 
Market volatility reflects the degree of instability and expected instability of the performance of a 
Security Index and the component securities. The level of market volatility is largely determined by the 
prices for financial instruments supposed to protect you against such market volatility. The prices of 
these instruments are determined by forces of supply and demand in the options and derivative markets 
generally. These forces are, themselves, affected by factors such as actual market volatility, expected 
volatility, economic factors and speculation. In recent years, currency exchange rates and prices for 
component securities have been highly volatile. Such volatility may be expected in the future. 
Fluctuations in the rates or prices that have occurred in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, 
of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Security relating to Security Indices. 
The above factors may have an effect on the performance of a Security Index, and this may in turn affect 
the value of and return on the Securities. 
You should note that any dividends, other distributions assets and/or amounts paid to holders of the 
component securities will not be paid to the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or to the holders of 
Securities. The return on Securities will thus not reflect any such assets and/or amounts which would 
otherwise be paid to investors that have made a direct investment in any such component securities. 
Consequently, the return on Securities may be less than the return from a direct investment in any such 
component securities. 
In considering whether to purchase Securities relating to Security Indices, you should be aware that the 
calculation of amounts payable or, as applicable, assets due on Securities relating to Security Indices may 
involve reference to: 
• 
an index determined by an affiliate of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
the CGMFL Guarantor (if applicable); or

--- Page 58 ---
RISK FACTORS 
32 
 
 
• 
prices that are published solely by third parties or entities which are not regulated by the laws 
of the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom or the jurisdiction of the particular investor. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to a Security Index than you would 
have received if you had invested in the components of such index directly or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 1 (Security Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect 
of Securities linked to Security Indices. 
The type and rules of the Security Index (or Security Indices) to which the Securities are linked may have 
an adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities 
Price Return and Total Return Indices 
The rules governing the composition and calculation of the relevant Security Index may stipulate that 
dividends paid on its components are included in the calculation of the index level (a "total return" index) 
or are not included in the calculation of the index level (a "price return" index). 
Where Securities are linked to a "price return" index, holders of the Securities will not participate in 
dividends paid on the components comprising the Security Index. As a result, holders of Securities linked 
to such Security Index would lose the benefit of any dividends paid by the components of the Security 
Index and such Securities may not perform as well as a position where such holder had invested directly 
in such components or where they invested in a "total return" version of the Security Index, or in another 
product.  
In the case of Securities linked to a "total return" index, net dividends (in the case of a "net total return" 
index) or gross dividends (in the case of a "gross total return" index) paid on its components are included 
in the calculation of the index level. In the case of a "net total return" index, dividends paid on its 
components may not be fully reinvested in the Security Index and accordingly, you may receive a lower 
return on Securities linked to such Security Index than you would have received if you had invested in 
the components of such Security Index directly or in another product.  
Decrement Indices 
If the Security Index has a "decrement" feature, the return on such Security Index will be calculated by 
reinvesting net dividends or gross dividends (depending on the type and rules of such Security Index) 
paid by its components and by subtracting on a daily basis a pre-defined amount (a "Synthetic 
Dividend"). The Synthetic Dividend may be defined as a percentage of the index level or as a fixed 
number of index points. Investors should note that any of the following factors, where applicable, could 
adversely affect the value of and return on Securities linked to a "decrement" index: 
• 
A Security Index with a "decrement" feature will underperform a "total return" index that is 
used as a base index to calculate such Security Index since the latter is calculated without the 
deduction of a Synthetic Dividend. Similarly, where such Security Index tracks the performance 
of a single component security, the Security Index will underperform a direct investment in such 
component security as such investment would benefit from dividends paid by the component 
security without the deduction of a Synthetic Dividend. 
• 
A Security Index with a "decrement" feature will underperform the corresponding "price return" 
index if the amount of dividends paid by the components of such Security Index is less than the 
amount of the Synthetic Dividend deducted. Where such Security Index tracks the performance 
of a single component security, the Security Index will underperform a direct investment in such 
component security as such investment would benefit from dividends paid by the component 
security without the deduction of a Synthetic Dividend. 
• 
Where the Synthetic Dividend is defined as a fixed number of index points (as opposed to a 
percentage of the index level), the Synthetic Dividend yield (calculated as the ratio of the fixed 
index point decrement to the relevant decrement index level) will increase in a falling equities 
market as the Synthetic Dividend is a fixed amount. In such scenario, the fixed deduction will 
have a greater negative impact on the index level of the relevant Security Index than if the 
Synthetic Dividend was defined as a percentage of the index level. It is even possible that in a

--- Page 59 ---
RISK FACTORS 
33 
 
steeply falling market scenario the index level could become negative, since the amount of 
decrement expressed in index points will not vary with the level of the decrement index. 
Security Index Linked Warrants relating to a Contract 
If, in relation to Security Index Linked Warrants relating to a Contract, the terms of the Contract are 
changed or modified by the applicable Related Exchange, the Calculation Agent shall make appropriate 
adjustments to the terms of the Warrants to account for such change or modification. In the event that 
the relevant Contract never commences or is permanently discontinued, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Official Settlement Price by reference to the closing level of the relevant Index on the 
Expiry Date as more fully set out in the Conditions. Such adjustments to the Conditions of such Warrants 
may have an adverse effect on the value of such Warrants. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Security Indices 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Security Indices include provisions dealing with the 
postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Security Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Security Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a 
Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, (b) such Security Index (i) not being calculated 
and announced by or on behalf of the relevant index sponsor but instead being calculated and announced 
by or on behalf of a successor to the relevant index sponsor or (ii) being replaced by a successor index, 
or (c) if Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service are specified as applicable for a Security 
Index, Adjustment Events may, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, include that any component 
securities cease to be accepted as "China Connect Securities" or the China Connect Service is suspended 
or terminated which materially affects the routing of orders or holding of any component security and 
which is reasonably likely not to be temporary; or (d) any Additional Disruption Event specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the 
Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment 
Event or the Calculation Agent may replace the Security Index that is the subject of the Adjustment Event 
with a new Security Index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such 
Security Index or, if the Securities are Exempt Securities, a Security Index selected by reference to such 
other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, in the 
case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost 
of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the 
Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the 
value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so 
be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Security Index Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each case 
if applicable, in respect of a Security Index, the relevant index sponsor announcing that it will make a 
material change to a relevant Security Index, the index sponsor permanently cancelling the index and no 
successor index existing or the index sponsor or any other person or entity acting on its behalf failing to 
calculate and announce the relevant index), then the Calculation Agent may determine whether such 
Security Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the relevant Securities and, if so, shall either 
(A) calculate the relevant level of such Security Index in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the relevant Security Index last in effect prior to the applicable change, cancellation or failure 
and/or (B) substitute the affected Security Index with a replacement index using, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in

--- Page 60 ---
RISK FACTORS 
34 
 
 
the calculation of the level of such Security Index or, in the case of Exempt Securities, a Security Index 
selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and 
determine any adjustment necessary to the terms of the Securities to account for such substitution and/or 
(C) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate to 
account for the effect of such Security Index Adjustment Event. Any such calculation, substitution and/or 
adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no calculation or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Security Index Adjustment 
Event shall be an Early Redemption Event.  
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation or substitution can reasonably be made following a Security Index 
Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you may be less 
than your initial investment and you may therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Inflation Indices 
The risks of a particular Security relating to Inflation Indices will depend on the terms of that Security. 
Many economic and market factors may influence an Inflation Index and consequently the value of 
Securities relating to Inflation Indices, including general economic, financial, political or regulatory 
conditions and/or events; and/or fluctuations in the prices of various assets, goods, services and energy 
resources (including in response to supply of, and demand for, any of them); and/or the level of inflation 
in the economy of the relevant country and expectations of inflation. In particular, the level of an Inflation 
Index may be affected by factors unconnected with the financial markets. Any such factor may either 
offset or magnify one or more of the other factors. 
The performance of an Inflation Index will affect the amounts payable in respect of Securities relating to 
Inflation Indices and may result in investors receiving less than their original investment and/or no return 
on their investment, or in certain circumstances zero. 
The rate of interest (if any) payable in respect of Inflation Index-linked interest Securities will vary for 
each interest payment due and may be less than that which would be payable on a conventional fixed 
rate, non-callable debt security of the Issuer of comparable maturity. 
See Underlying Schedule 2 (Inflation Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect 
of Securities linked to Inflation Indices. 
Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to Inflation Indices 
If an underlying closing level for an Inflation Index for a specified reference month has not been 
published or announced by five business days prior to the relevant payment date, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a substitute index level. Any such substitution may have an adverse effect on the 
value of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Inflation Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a 
Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, or (b) the imposition of increased or unexpected 
fees and costs for the use of such index on the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates by the relevant index 
sponsor which the Calculation Agent deems material), then the Calculation Agent shall make such 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for

--- Page 61 ---
RISK FACTORS 
35 
 
the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments 
to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing 
any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any 
such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If "Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then any 
revision to an underlying closing level of an Inflation Index occurring before the relevant revision cut-
off date shall be considered final and conclusive for the purpose of any determination made in respect of 
the Securities. If "No Revision" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (or if "Revision" 
is not specified as applicable) then the first publication and announcement of an underlying closing level 
for such Inflation Index shall be final and conclusive. Further, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
the index sponsor of an Inflation Index has corrected an underlying closing level for such index to correct 
a manifest error no later than the earlier to occur of the relevant manifest error cut-off date and thirty 
calendar days following the first publication and announcement of such level, then the Calculation Agent 
may use the corrected level of such Inflation Index for the purposes of any calculation in respect of the 
relevant payment date. In the event of inconsistency between a revision and a manifest error correction, 
the manifest error correction shall prevail. Any such adjustment, revision or correction (or absence 
thereof) to any level of an Inflation Index may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that either (a) a level for an Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two consecutive months and/or (b) the relevant index sponsor announces that it will no 
longer continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index and/or (c) the relevant index sponsor cancels 
such Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent may replace the originally designated Inflation Index 
with a successor index and make consequential adjustments to the terms of the Securities to account for 
such replacement. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities and, if 
no successor index can be determined, then an Early Redemption Event shall occur with respect to the 
Securities. 
If an index sponsor announces, in respect of an Inflation Index, that it will make a material change to a 
relevant Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make such consequential adjustments to the 
terms of the Securities as are consistent with any adjustment made to any relevant fallback bond or as 
are necessary for such modified Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation Index for the purpose of the 
Securities. Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, then an Early Redemption 
Event shall occur with respect to the Securities. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) no successor index can be determined or no adjustment can reasonably be made following a 
material change to a relevant Inflation Index, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption 
Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may 
be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities 
are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with 
the method specified in applicable Issue Terms or an amount as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your 
initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss.  
Risks associated with Securities linked to Commodity Indices  
The level of a Commodity Index is generally based on the value of the commodities and/or other 
securities comprised in that Commodity Index and, as such, if investing in Securities relating to 
Commodity Indices you should also read "Risks associated with Securities linked to Commodities" 
below.  
Global economic, financial and political developments, among other things, may have a material effect 
on the value of the commodities and/or futures contracts comprising a Commodity Index and/or the 
performance of such index, and this may in turn affect the value of and return on the Securities.

--- Page 62 ---
RISK FACTORS 
36 
 
 
The risks of a particular Security relating to a Commodity Index will depend on the terms of that Security. 
Such risks may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the prices of the 
commodities and/or futures underlying the relevant index or indices; another objective price; and 
economic or other measures making up the relevant index or indices. 
The above factors may have an effect on the performance of a Commodity Index, and this may in turn 
affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
See Underlying Schedule 3 (Commodity Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in 
respect of Securities linked to Commodity Indices. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Commodity Indices 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Commodity Indices include provisions dealing with 
the postponement of a Valuation Date or postponement of the valuation of a component of a Commodity 
Index due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any alternative provisions for 
valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have an adverse effect on the value 
of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Commodity Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Commodity Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a 
Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, (b) such Commodity Index (i) not being calculated 
and announced by or on behalf of the relevant index sponsor but instead being calculated and announced 
by or on behalf of a successor to the relevant index sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) 
being replaced by a successor index, (c) the imposition of increased or unexpected fees and costs for the 
use of such index on the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates by the relevant index sponsor which the 
Calculation Agent deems material, or (d) the imposition of, change in or removal of any tax relating to 
any component of such Commodity Index or commodity relating to such component (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) which the Calculation Agent deems material), then the 
Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent 
determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may 
replace the Commodity Index that is the subject of the Adjustment Event with a new Commodity Index 
using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Commodity Index or, in the case of 
Exempt Securities, a Commodity Index selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but 
not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any 
such increased costs). Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities 
and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment 
Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a "Commodity Index Adjustment Event" occurs (being, in 
each case if applicable, in respect of a Commodity Index, the relevant index sponsor announcing that it 
will make a material change to a relevant Commodity Index, the index sponsor permanently cancelling 
the index and no successor index existing or the index sponsor or any other person or entity on its behalf 
failing to calculate and announce the relevant index), then the Calculation Agent may determine whether 
such Commodity Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the relevant Securities and, if so, shall 
either (A) calculate the relevant level of such Commodity Index in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the relevant Commodity Index last in effect prior to the applicable change, 
cancellation or failure and/or (B) substitute the affected Commodity Index with a replacement index 
using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Commodity Index or, in the case of

--- Page 63 ---
RISK FACTORS 
37 
 
Exempt Securities, a Commodity Index selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement and determine any adjustment necessary to the terms of the Securities to 
account for such substitution and/or (C) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it 
determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event. Any such calculation, substitution and/or adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation or substitution can reasonably 
so be made, such Commodity Index Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation or substitution can reasonably be made following a Commodity 
Index Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination 
Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more 
fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, 
the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could 
be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Commodities 
Movements in the price of any relevant Commodities may be subject to significant fluctuations that may 
not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the 
relevant price of a Commodity or Commodities may affect the actual yield of the Securities, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price or prices 
of the Commodities, the greater the effect on yield of the Securities. 
Commodity futures markets are highly volatile. Commodity markets are influenced by, among other 
things, changing supply and demand relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and 
trade programmes and policies designed to influence commodity prices, world political and economic 
events, and changes in interest rates. Moreover, investments in futures and options contracts involve 
additional risks including, without limitation, leverage (margin is usually a percentage of the face value 
of the contract and exposure can be nearly unlimited). A holder of a futures position may find such 
position becomes illiquid because certain commodity exchanges limit fluctuations in certain futures 
contract prices during a single day by regulations referred to as "daily price fluctuation limits" or "daily 
limits". Under such daily limits, during a single trading day no trades may be executed at prices beyond 
the daily limits. Once the price of a contract for a particular future has increased or decreased by an 
amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the future can neither be taken nor liquidated unless traders 
are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. This could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating 
unfavourable positions and subject it to substantial losses. Futures contract prices in various 
Commodities occasionally have exceeded the daily limit for several consecutive days with little or no 
trading. Similar occurrences could prevent the liquidation of unfavourable positions and could therefore 
have a material adverse impact on value of and return on the Securities. 
See Underlying Schedule 4 (Commodity Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Commodities. 
Risk related to the possible rolling mechanism of commodity futures contracts 
The yield on Securities relating to Commodities may not perfectly correlate to the trend in the price of 
the underlying Commodities as the use of such future commodity contracts generally involves a rolling 
mechanism. This means that the commodity futures contracts which expire prior to the relevant payment 
date under the relevant Securities are replaced with future commodity contracts that have a later expiry 
date. You may therefore only marginally benefit from any rise/fall in prices on such Commodities. 
You should also consider that the relevant commodity futures contract(s) could have a trend which differs 
significantly from that of the relevant commodity spot market(s). The trend in the price of a commodity 
futures contracts compared to the underlying Commodity is closely linked to the present and future level 
of the production of the underlying Commodity or to the level of estimated natural reserves, particularly 
in the case of energy Commodities. In addition, the price of the relevant commodity futures contract may 
not be considered an accurate prediction of a market price, since it also includes the so-called "carrying 
costs" (such as, for example, warehouse costs, insurance covering the goods, transportation etc.), which

--- Page 64 ---
RISK FACTORS 
38 
 
 
also contribute toward the determination of the price of the commodity futures contracts. These factors 
which directly influence the Commodities prices substantially explain the imperfect correlation between 
the commodity spot markets and the commodity futures contracts. Accordingly, you may receive a lower 
return on Securities linked to one or more commodity futures contracts than you would have received if 
you had invested in relevant commodity spot market(s) or in another related product. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Commodities 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Commodities include alternative provisions for 
valuation and/or provisions dealing with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day, such alternative provisions for valuation or postponement may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Commodities in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Commodity 
(being, in each case if applicable, the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying 
hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging 
position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the 
Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a Hedging Disruption 
or an Increased Cost of Hedging), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms 
of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such 
Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to 
Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts 
payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such 
adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) the occurrence of a disruption event and any relevant disruption fallbacks fail (or are deemed 
to fail) to provide a relevant price in respect of a Commodity and a valuation date, (c) any Additional 
Early Redemption Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms (being an "abandonment of scheme" 
in relation to Commodities that are emissions) or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, any other event 
specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement, (d) a Section 871(m) Event or (e) a Hedging 
Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the 
Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. 
If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay each Securityholder an amount calculated in 
accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could 
therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Shares  
Securities linked to Shares will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor and 
will not give rise to any obligations of any share company, and accordingly you will have no recourse 
against any such share company.  
No issuer of such Shares will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Securities and none of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any 
Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the 
information concerning any such issuer of Shares contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents 
from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events 
occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness 
of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that 
would affect the trading price of the Share will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of 
any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer

--- Page 65 ---
RISK FACTORS 
39 
 
of Shares could affect the trading price of the Shares and therefore the trading price of the relevant 
Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant Shares to which such Securities relate notwithstanding that, in relation 
to Exempt Securities and if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, Securityholders may be 
entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the amount of dividends, distributions or other 
payments that would be received by a holder of the relevant Shares. The return on such Securities may 
thus not reflect any dividends or other distributions which would be paid to you if you had made a direct 
investment in the relevant Shares. Consequently, the return on Securities linked to Shares may be less 
than the return from a direct investment in the relevant Shares. 
The risks of a Security relating to Shares will depend on the terms of that Security. Such risks may 
include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the Share or Shares. 
The value of Shares may go down as well as up and the value of any Share on any date may not reflect 
its performance in any prior period. There can be no assurance as to the future value of any Share or of 
the continued existence of any Share or share company. Accordingly, before making an investment 
decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value and 
price volatility of the relevant Shares, as this may affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more Shares over a period of time and to Shares, the issuer(s) of which are 
incorporated outside the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Shares than you would 
have received if you had invested directly in the Shares or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 5 (Share Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Shares. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Shares 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to Shares include provisions dealing with the 
postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a Share (being, in each 
case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging position 
becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the Issuer's 
costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a Hedging Disruption or an 
Increased Cost of Hedging, (b) a corporate action, de-listing, insolvency, merger event, nationalisation, 
tender offer (and/or, in the case of a Stapled Share, any Component Share Additional Adjustment Event 
or De-stapling Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and/or any Additional Disruption Event 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) or (c) if Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the 
China Connect Service are specified as applicable for a Share, Adjustment Events may, if so specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, include that the relevant shares cease to be accepted as "China Connect 
Securities" or the China Connect Service is suspended or terminated which materially affects the routing 
of orders or holding of the relevant shares and which is reasonably likely not to be temporary), then the 
Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent 
determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may 
replace the Share that is the subject of the Adjustment Event with a new Share selected by the Calculation 
Agent from an applicable reference index or otherwise selected by the Calculation Agent (regardless of 
whether such new Share is a Stapled Share) (and/or, in the case of a Stapled Share, the Calculation Agent 
may replace any Component Share of the Stapled Share with a new Component Share selected by the

--- Page 66 ---
RISK FACTORS 
40 
 
 
Calculation Agent (regardless of whether such new Component Share is contained in a relevant reference 
index)) or, in the case of Exempt Securities, selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost 
of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, 
but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any 
such increased costs). Any such adjustment(s) or substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can 
reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks relating to Securities linked to Shares which have a Dividend Adjusted Performance feature 
Where the Securities are linked to Shares and the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dividend Adjusted 
Performance" as applicable, this means the Securities reference the performance of relevant Share(s) 
adjusted to deduct a pre-determined amount (a "Target Dividend") on a pro-rata basis.  
The Target Dividend is expressed as a fixed amount independent of the price of the relevant Share. Due 
to the price or performance of the relevant Share being adjusted for the difference between the actual 
declared dividend(s) and the Target Dividend(s) and the different dividend methodologies adopted, 
depending on the amount of the dividends actually declared by the relevant Share issuer, Securities with 
a "Dividend Adjusted Performance" feature may perform differently in comparison to Securities linked 
to the same Share(s) with actual dividends applied as they are declared. In particular, if the Target 
Dividend yield of the relevant Share in a relevant period is higher than the actual declared dividend yield 
of the Share during the same period, the price or performance of the Share, as adjusted for the Target 
Dividend will, underperform the Share which is not so adjusted and such underperformance will increase 
as the price of the relevant Share decreases. In such case, you will receive a lower return on the Securities 
as a result of the "Dividend Adjusted Performance" than if such feature was not applicable. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Depositary Receipts 
Securities linked to Depositary Receipts will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor and will not give rise to any obligations of any depositary or any underlying share company, 
and accordingly you will have no recourse against any such depositary or underlying share company.  
No issuer of such Depositary Receipts or any underlying shares related to such Depositary Receipts will 
have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in establishing the terms of the 
Securities and none of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any Dealer will make any 
investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the information concerning any 
depositary or any related underlying share company contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents 
from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events 
occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness 
of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that 
would affect the trading price of the Depositary Receipt or the underlying share will have been publicly 
disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material 
future events concerning such depositary or underlying share company could affect the trading price of 
the Depositary Receipts and therefore the trading price of the relevant Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares to which such Securities 
relate notwithstanding that, if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and, in relation to Exempt 
Securities only, Securityholders may be entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the 
amount of dividends, distributions or other payments that would be received by a holder of the relevant

--- Page 67 ---
RISK FACTORS 
41 
 
Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares. The return on such Securities may thus not reflect any 
dividends or other distributions which would be paid to you if you had made a direct investment in the 
relevant Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares. Consequently, the return on Securities linked to 
Depositary Receipts may be less than the return from a direct investment in the relevant Depositary 
Receipts and/or underlying shares. 
The risks of a Security relating to Depositary Receipts will depend on the terms of that Security. Such 
risks may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the 
Depositary Receipts. The value of Depositary Receipts may go down as well as up and the value of any 
Depositary Receipt on any date may not reflect its performance in any prior period. There can be no 
assurance as to the future value of any Depositary Receipts or of the continued existence of any 
depositary and/or underlying share company. Accordingly, before making an investment decision with 
respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value and price volatility 
of Depositary Receipts and relevant underlying shares, as this may affect the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more Depositary Receipts and the related underlying shares over a period of time 
and to Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares, the issuer(s) of which are incorporated outside the 
United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Depositary Receipts 
than you would have received if you had invested directly in the Depositary Receipts or in another 
product. 
See Underlying Schedule 6 (Depositary Receipt Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in 
respect of Securities linked to Depositary Receipts. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Depositary Receipts 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities include provisions dealing with the postponement of a 
Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any alternative 
provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Depositary Receipt in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a Depositary Receipt 
and/or an underlying share (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change 
in law affecting any underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring 
or disposing of any hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) 
or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the 
Securities or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging or (b) a corporate action, de-listing, 
insolvency, merger event, nationalisation, tender offer, written instructions being given by an underlying 
share company to the relevant depositary to withdraw or surrender underlying shares or the termination 
of a relevant deposit agreement and/or any Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the 
Calculation Agent may replace the Depositary Receipt and/or the underlying share that is the subject of 
the Adjustment Event with a new Depositary Receipt selected by the Calculation Agent (referencing, 
where "same underlying share and currency" is specified as the Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the same underlying share and denominated in the same currency as the 
previous Depositary Receipt (and, if no such Depositary Receipt is selected or available, then the 
underlying share shall be substituted and a new Depositary Receipt selected in respect of such new 
underlying share) or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, in accordance with any other criteria specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement) and/or a new share selected by the Calculation Agent from an 
applicable reference index, or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, in accordance with the criteria (if 
any) specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an

--- Page 68 ---
RISK FACTORS 
42 
 
 
Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging 
(including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to 
reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment(s) or substitution may have an adverse effect on 
the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution 
can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to ETF Shares  
Securities linked to ETF Shares will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor 
and will not give rise to any obligations of the issuer of any ETF Shares, and accordingly you will have 
no recourse against any such issuer. 
No issuer of ETF Shares will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Securities and none of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any 
Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the 
information concerning any such issuer of ETF Shares contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents 
from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events 
occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness 
of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that 
would affect the trading price of the ETF Share will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure 
of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an 
issuer of ETF Shares could affect the trading price of the ETF Share and therefore the trading price of 
the relevant Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant ETF Shares to which such Securities relate notwithstanding that, if so 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and in relation to Exempt Securities only, Securityholders 
may be entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the amount of dividends, distributions or 
other payments that would be received by a holder of the relevant ETF Shares. The return on such 
Securities may thus not reflect any dividends or other distributions which would be paid to you if you 
had made a direct investment in relevant ETF Shares. Consequently, the return on Securities linked to 
ETF Shares may be less than the return from a direct investment in the relevant ETF Shares. 
The risks of a Security relating to ETF Shares will depend on the terms of that Security. Such risks may 
include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the ETF Shares. 
The value of ETF Shares may go down as well as up and the value of any ETF Share on any date may 
not reflect its performance in any prior period. There can be no assurance as to the future value of any 
ETF Share or of the continued existence of any ETF Share or the issuer of such ETF Share. Accordingly, 
before making an investment decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among 
other matters, the value and price volatility of ETF Shares, as this may affect the value of and return on 
the Securities. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more ETF Shares over a period of time and to ETF Shares, the issuer(s) of which 
are established outside the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more ETF Shares than you 
would have received if you had invested directly in the ETF Shares or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 7 (Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Share Conditions) for the specific terms and 
conditions in respect of Securities linked to ETF Shares.

--- Page 69 ---
RISK FACTORS 
43 
 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to ETF 
Shares 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to ETF Shares include provisions dealing with the 
postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for an ETF Share in the applicable Issue 
Terms. While ETF Shares are traded on an exchange and are therefore valued in a similar manner as a 
Share traded on an exchange, the Adjustment Events in relation to Securities linked to ETF Shares 
include certain adjustments which would be applicable to Securities linked to an underlying fund. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of an ETF Share (being, 
in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying 
hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging 
position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the 
Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a Hedging Disruption 
or an Increased Cost of Hedging, or (b) a corporate action, de-listing, insolvency, merger event, 
nationalisation, tender offer, fund modification, strategy breach, regulatory action, cross-contamination 
and/or any Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms), then the Calculation 
Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines 
necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may replace the 
ETF Share that is the subject of the Adjustment Event with a new ETF Share selected by the Calculation 
Agent (which shall be an ETF Share which, where a "related index" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, tracks such related index, or an index substantially similar in formula and calculation method, or, 
in the case of Exempt Securities only, an index selected by the Calculation Agent with reference to such 
other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement). Any such adjustment may include, in 
the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased 
Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect 
of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment(s) or substitution may have 
an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests 
Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) 
the Guarantor and will not give rise to any obligations of any mutual fund administrator, adviser or 
manager in respect of a mutual fund, and accordingly you will have no recourse against any such mutual 
fund administrator, adviser or manager. 
No mutual fund administrator, adviser or manager in respect of a mutual fund will have participated in 
the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in establishing the terms of the Securities and none of 
the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in 
connection with such offering with respect to the information concerning any such mutual fund contained 
in such Issue Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there 
can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would 
affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or 
in any applicable Issue Terms) that would affect the value of the Mutual Fund Interest will have been 
publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose

--- Page 70 ---
RISK FACTORS 
44 
 
 
material future events concerning such mutual fund could affect the value of the Mutual Fund Interest 
and therefore the trading price of the Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant Mutual Fund Interests to which such Securities relate notwithstanding 
that, in relation to Exempt Securities and if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
Securityholders may be entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the amount of dividends, 
distributions or other payments that would be received by a holder of the Mutual Fund Interests. The 
return on such Securities may thus not reflect any dividends or other distributions which would be paid 
to you if you had made a direct investment in relevant Mutual Fund Interests. Consequently, the return 
on Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests may be less than the return from a direct investment in the 
relevant Mutual Fund Interests. 
The risks of a Security relating to Mutual Fund Interests will depend on the terms of that Security. Such 
risks may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the value(s) of the 
Mutual Fund Interests. The value of Mutual Fund Interests may go down as well as up and the value of 
any Mutual Fund Interest on any date may not reflect its performance in any prior period. There can be 
no assurance as to the future value of any Mutual Fund Interest or of the continued existence of any 
Mutual Fund Interest or the issuer of such Mutual Fund Interest. Accordingly, before making an 
investment decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the 
value and price volatility of the relevant Mutual Fund Interests, as this may affect the value of and return 
on the Securities. 
In addition, mutual funds may trade and invest in a broad range of investments such as debt and equity 
securities, commodities and foreign exchange and may enter into derivative transactions, including, 
without limitation, futures and options. Mutual Fund Interests may be illiquid and may only be traded on 
an infrequent basis. The trading strategies of mutual funds are often opaque. Mutual funds, as well as the 
markets and instruments in which they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental authorities, 
self-regulatory organisations or other supervisory authorities. Further, the value of Mutual Fund Interests 
may be affected by the performance of the relevant fund service providers and in particular the relevant 
fund adviser. 
For the foregoing reasons, investing directly or indirectly in mutual funds is generally considered to be 
risky. If the underlying mutual fund does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Securities will 
fall, and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more Mutual Fund Interests over a period of time and to Mutual Fund Interests, 
the issuer(s) of which are established outside the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Mutual Fund Interests 
than you would have received if you had invested directly in the Mutual Fund Interests or in another 
product. 
See Underlying Schedule 8 (Mutual Fund Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Mutual Fund Interests 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to Mutual Fund Interests include provisions dealing 
with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement 
or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may 
have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Mutual Fund Interest in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any

--- Page 71 ---
RISK FACTORS 
45 
 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a 
Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, or (b) a corporate action, insolvency, merger event, 
nationalisation, adviser resignation event, fund modification, strategy breach, regulatory action, reporting 
disruption, cross-contamination, failure by a fund service provider and/or any Additional Disruption 
Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) 
to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of 
such Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may replace the Mutual Fund Interest that is the subject 
of the Adjustment Event with a new Mutual Fund Interest selected by the Calculation Agent (in a fund 
which provides daily liquidity, the shares or units of which may be subscribed, sold to or redeemed by 
the fund (subject to giving no more than two fund business days' notice and no charges being imposed 
by the fund), and which in the determination of the Calculation Agent, has the same or substantially 
similar strategies, and the same currency as, the affected mutual fund). Any such adjustment may include, 
in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased 
Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect 
of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment may also include a 
monetisation whereby the Calculation Agent shall determine the value of the Mutual Fund Interest 
affected by the relevant Adjustment Event on a date selected by the Calculation Agent and shall make 
such adjustments to the terms of the Securities so that the Securities reference such value (and interest 
thereon) rather than such Mutual Fund Interest. Any such adjustment(s) or substitution may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) the Calculation Agent determines that no Monetisation can reasonably be effected, 
(c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to currency exchange rates 
An investment in Securities linked to currency exchange rates may bear similar market risks to a direct 
investment in foreign exchange.  
Movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the currency exchange rates 
may affect the actual yield to you, even if the average level is consistent with your expectations. In 
addition, Securities linked to currency exchange rates may be linked to emerging market currencies and, 
as such, may experience greater volatility and less certainty as to future levels or as against other 
currencies. Emerging market currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis happening in 
the future and this could result in the occurrence of a Disrupted Day. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates and implied volatility of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) 
will affect the value of the relevant Securities. Currency values may be affected by complex political and 
economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of a currency/currencies, 
regardless of other market forces, which could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on your Securities  (see "Changes in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the 
value of the Securities and payments in respect thereof in relation to the currency of your jurisdiction"). 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more currency exchange rates 
than you would have received if you had invested directly in the relevant currency or currencies or in 
another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to currency exchange rates.

--- Page 72 ---
RISK FACTORS 
46 
 
 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
currency exchange rates where the EMTA Provisions are not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to currency exchange rates include provisions 
dealing with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such 
postponement or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for currency exchange rates in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a currency exchange 
rate (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a 
Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, or (b) a relevant country has lawfully converted or 
exchanged its currency for a successor currency), then the Calculation Agent shall make such 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for 
the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments 
to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing 
any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any 
such adjustment(s) may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an 
Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
currency exchange rates where the EMTA Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms 
The terms and conditions of the Securities include provisions dealing with the consequences of a 
Disrupted Day. These consequences shall be determined in accordance with the Disruption Fallbacks 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may include (i) where Valuation Postponement is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, (ii) where First Fallback Reference Price or Second Fallback Reference Price is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determination of the Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Valuation Date 
by reference to alternative prices for the applicable currency exchange rate, and (iii) where Calculation 
Agent Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent 
determining the Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Valuation Date. Such alternative provisions 
for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities may have an adverse effect on the 
value of such Securities. The Valuation Postponement provisions, if applicable, may result in a 
Securityholder receiving payments in respect of the Securities after the originally scheduled date for 
payment. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for currency exchange rates in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a currency exchange 
rate (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any

--- Page 73 ---
RISK FACTORS 
47 
 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a 
Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, or (b) (i) any relevant rate ceases to be  reported, 
sanctioned, recognised, published, announced or adopted (or similar action) by the relevant Government 
Authority and any such rate cease to be so reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced or 
adopted (or similar action)), (ii) the sponsor and/or administrator of a relevant rate officially designates 
or appoints a successor sponsor and/or administrator entity for that relevant rate or (iii) a relevant country 
has lawfully converted or exchanged its currency for a successor currency), then the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines 
necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost 
of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, 
but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any 
such increased costs) and in the case of a successor rate, determination of the relevant rate by reference 
to the official successor rate. Any such adjustment(s) may have an adverse effect on the value of such 
Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably so be made, 
such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Bespoke Indices  
The level of a Bespoke Index is generally based on the value of its components (each an "index 
component"), which may be securities, commodities, derivative instruments, indices or other types of 
assets or any combination of such assets, as described in the relevant index conditions and/or 
methodology and, as such, investors in Securities relating to Bespoke Indices should also read the other 
risk factors relating to Securities linked directly to such index components. Global economic, financial 
and political developments, among other things, may have a material effect on the value of the index 
components of a Bespoke Index and/or the performance of a Bespoke Index, and this may in turn affect 
the value of and return on the Securities.  
The risks of a Security relating to a Bespoke Index will depend on the terms of that Security and the 
relevant index conditions and/or methodology. Such risks may include the possibility of significant 
changes in: 
• 
the levels, prices, rates or values (as relevant) of the index components of such Bespoke Index 
and the weighting of each such index component within such Bespoke Index; 
• 
other objective prices; and 
• 
economic or other measures observed for the purposes of such Bespoke Index. 
The above risks may have an effect on the performance of a Bespoke Index, and this may in turn have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
As disclosed in the relevant index conditions and/or methodology, any distribution, dividend and/or 
amount ("distribution") paid to persons who have made an actual investment in any of the index 
components of a Bespoke Index may not be reflected in the level of such Bespoke Index. A distribution 
paid to persons who have made an actual investment in any of the index components of a Bespoke Index 
will not be paid to the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or to the holders of Securities relating to such 
Bespoke Index. The return on such Securities will thus not reflect any such distribution. Consequently, 
the return on such Securities may be less than the return from a direct investment in any such index 
components.

--- Page 74 ---
RISK FACTORS 
48 
 
 
A Bespoke Index reflects the performance of notional investment positions in its index components. 
There is no actual portfolio of assets in respect of such Bespoke Index to which any person is entitled or 
in which any person has any ownership interest, and no Bespoke Index creates any obligation of any 
person connected with any index component. A Bespoke Index merely identifies certain hypothetical 
investment positions, the performance of which will be used as a reference point for the purpose of 
calculating its level. The performance of a Bespoke Index may be different from the result of any actual 
investment in any one or more of its index components. In particular, any notional fees or costs deducted 
in the calculation of the level of the relevant Bespoke Index and any proportionate amount included in 
such level of any distribution in respect of any index component may be different from those arising in 
respect of any actual investment in any index component or combination of index components. 
The strategy that a Bespoke Index aims to reflect may not be successful and other strategies using 
constituents which are the same as the index components of such Bespoke Index may perform better than 
such Bespoke Index.  
You should read the relevant index conditions and/or methodology if investing in Securities relating to a 
Bespoke Index. 
The Bespoke Index may not perform as anticipated and you could therefore lose some or all of your 
investment in Securities linked to a Bespoke Index. 
See Underlying Schedule 10 (Bespoke Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect 
of Securities linked to Bespoke Indices. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Bespoke Indices 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Bespoke Indices include provisions dealing with the 
postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Bespoke Indices in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Bespoke Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the relevant Securities (such that holding, acquiring or 
disposing of any hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or 
materially increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the relevant 
Securities or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, (b) such Bespoke Index (i) not being 
calculated and announced by or on behalf of the relevant index sponsor but instead being calculated and 
announced by or on behalf of a successor to the relevant index sponsor acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent or (ii) being replaced by a successor index, or (c) the imposition of, change in or removal of any 
tax relating to any index component of such Bespoke Index or other asset relating to such index 
component (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), then (A) the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the relevant Securities as the Calculation Agent determines 
necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event, or (B) the Calculation Agent may replace 
the Bespoke Index which is the subject of the Adjustment Event with either (1)  a new index using, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Bespoke Index, or (2) in the case of Exempt 
Securities only, a replacement index selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but 
not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any 
such increased costs). Any such adjustments or substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, 
such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event.

--- Page 75 ---
RISK FACTORS 
49 
 
If a Bespoke Index Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, in respect of a Bespoke 
Index, (a) the relevant index sponsor announcing that it will make a material change to such Bespoke 
Index, (b) the relevant index sponsor permanently cancelling such Bespoke Index and no successor index 
existing, or (c) the relevant index sponsor or any other person or entity acting on its behalf failing to 
calculate and announce such Bespoke Index), then the Calculation Agent may determine whether such 
Bespoke Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the relevant Securities and, if so, shall either 
(i) calculate the relevant level of such Bespoke Index in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating such Bespoke Index last in effect prior to the applicable change, cancellation or failure, and/or 
(ii) substitute such Bespoke Index with a replacement index using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the calculation 
of the level of such Bespoke Index or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, a replacement index selected 
by reference to such other criteria as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and determine any 
adjustment necessary to account for such substitution, and/or (iii) make such adjustments to the terms of 
the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Bespoke Index 
Adjustment Event. Any such calculation, substitution and/or adjustment may have an adverse effect on 
the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation or substitution 
can reasonably so be made, such Bespoke Index Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation or substitution can reasonably be made following a Bespoke Index 
Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), then the relevant Securities may be redeemed as 
more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the relevant Securities are 
redeemed early, then the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with 
the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a 
loss. 
Risks relating to "big data" indices 
Securities may reference indices which use "big data" analytical techniques, or inputs which are based 
on "big data" analytical techniques (collectively "Big Data Analysis"). Depending on the index, the Big 
Data Analysis may be performed by the index administrator or a separate organisation (the "Analysis 
Provider"). Indices using Big Data Analysis typically use a large number of underlying inputs and 
advanced analytical techniques, potentially including a form of artificial intelligence or machine learning 
(such as attempting to identify and react to patterns as opposed to specific events or circumstances that 
have been defined). Examples include indices with objectives related to the determination of market 
sentiment or environmental, social and governance ("ESG") characteristics. Investors should be aware 
that the methodology for determining the Big Data Analysis may not be transparent and may not be fully 
disclosed in the index methodology document for the relevant index. The lack of full transparency may 
be due to a variety of reasons including, without limitation: challenges in describing a complex 
methodology in natural language; the use of a very large number of underlying data inputs from a wide 
range of sources (such that it is not practical either to list the individual inputs, or to do so without raising 
intellectual property and/or privacy issues); the Big Data Analysis could involve the exercise of discretion 
or judgement; and/or some or all of the methodology may be considered to be confidential or 
commercially sensitive. Investors should appreciate that the performance of such an index will be 
dependent on the Big Data Analysis, the underlying inputs, any changes over time in the determination 
methodology and/or underlying inputs, and any ongoing judgement or discretion exercised by the 
Analysis Provider. The use of Big Data Analysis may cause the index to perform in a manner that has 
not been anticipated in the design of the index, and, any such unanticipated performance may have an 
adverse impact on the performance and value of the Securities linked to it. Prior to investing in Securities 
linked to such an index, investors should carry out their own due diligence, without reliance on the Issuer 
or the relevant Guarantor, on the relevant index and the associated Big Data Analysis and Analysis 
Provider. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts  
The value of a Dividend Futures Contract will generally track the dividends paid by the companies (each 
a "Relevant Company") comprised in the equity index (the "Relevant Index") relating to the relevant 
Dividend Futures Contract from time to time during one calendar year. Global economic, financial and

--- Page 76 ---
RISK FACTORS 
50 
 
 
political developments, among other things, may have a material effect on the performance of such 
Relevant Companies and therefore on the value of the dividends paid by such Relevant Companies and 
the value of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract, and this may in turn have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on the Securities.  
Securities relating to Dividend Futures Contracts will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if 
applicable) the Guarantor and will not give rise to any obligations under the relevant Dividend Futures 
Contract or any obligations of any Relevant Company, and accordingly you will have no recourse against 
any sponsor of such Dividend Futures Contract or any such Relevant Company. No sponsor of the 
relevant Dividend Futures Contract will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms 
or in establishing the terms of the Securities. 
Not all types of dividends paid by a Relevant Company may be relevant for the purpose of determining 
the price of a Dividend Futures Contract (for example, in general, ordinary dividends declared by a 
Relevant Company (paid in cash or shares) are considered as realised dividends, which, if so provided in 
the contract specifications for the relevant Dividend Futures Contract, are relevant for the purpose of 
determining the price of such Dividend Futures Contract, whereas special or extraordinary dividends are 
not generally considered as realised dividends and therefore, if so provided in the contract specifications 
for the relevant Dividend Futures Contract, will not be relevant for the purpose of determining the price 
of such Dividend Futures Contract). Further, the Relevant Companies may change from time to time in 
accordance with the rules of the Relevant Index and such a change in Relevant Companies may have an 
adverse effect on the price of the Dividend Futures Contract and amounts payable in respect of the 
Securities. You should refer to the contract specifications for the Dividend Futures Contract and the index 
rules relating to the Relevant Index for details regarding the calculation methodologies (including which 
dividends will be included in the calculation of the Dividend Futures Contract) and adjustments which 
may be made thereto (including to the Relevant Companies to be included in the Relevant Index). You 
should note that the performance of similar Dividend Futures Contracts in respect of prior contract 
periods will not necessarily be indicative of the performance of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract 
to which the Securities relate. 
The market value of the Securities may, at any time, be affected by certain factors relating to Dividend 
Futures Contracts which may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in: 
• 
the Relevant Companies comprised in the Relevant Index and expectations relating to the 
dividends to be announced in relation thereto; 
• 
market interest and yield rates; 
• 
the time remaining to the final settlement date of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract; and 
• 
economic, political and macro-economic factors. 
Accordingly, before purchasing Securities relating to Dividend Futures Contracts, you should carefully 
consider, among other matters, the value and price volatility of Dividend Futures Contracts and the 
performance of the Relevant Companies comprised in the Relevant Index by reference to which amounts 
payable under the relevant Securities are calculated, as this may affect the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
In addition, the value of the dividends paid by the Relevant Companies may be influenced by many 
factors, including the earnings and dividend policy of each such Relevant Company, changes in 
applicable laws and regulations, global economic, financial and political developments and structural 
supply and demand factors. Relevant Companies may pay reduced dividends or no dividends in respect 
of the relevant contract period. The amount of dividends paid by Relevant Companies in respect of 
similar periods may bear no relation to dividends paid during the relevant contract period. Any such 
changes may have an adverse effect on the amount of relevant dividends paid by Relevant Companies 
and, in turn, the price of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract and amounts payable in respect of the 
Securities.  
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Dividend Futures 
Contracts than you would have received if you had invested directly in the Dividend Futures Contracts 
or in another product.

--- Page 77 ---
RISK FACTORS 
51 
 
See Underlying Schedule 11 (Dividend Futures Contract Conditions) for the specific terms and 
conditions in respect of Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts. 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to 
Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Dividend Futures Contracts may include provisions 
dealing with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day or the 
variation of a Valuation Date following the announcement by the relevant Dividend Futures Contract 
sponsor that the expiry date of a Dividend Futures Contract will occur on an alternative date to that 
originally contemplated, such postponement, variation or any alternative provisions for valuation 
provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Dividend Futures Contracts in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Dividend Futures 
Contract (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting 
any underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing 
of any hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a 
Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, (b) such Dividend Futures Contract (i) not being 
calculated and announced by or on behalf of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract sponsor but instead 
being calculated and announced by or on behalf of a successor to the relevant Dividend Futures Contract 
sponsor, or (ii) being replaced by a successor Dividend Futures Contract), then the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines 
necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost 
of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, 
but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any 
such increased costs). Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities 
and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment 
Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If a Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, in respect of 
a Dividend Futures Contract, (i) the relevant exchange and/or Dividend Futures Contract sponsor, as the 
case may be, announcing that it will make a material change or modification to a relevant Dividend 
Futures Contract, (ii) the relevant exchange and/or Dividend Futures Contract sponsor, as the case may 
be, permanently cancelling or discontinuing the Dividend Futures Contract or there otherwise being a 
permanent discontinuation in trading or trading never commencing in such Dividend Futures Contract 
and no successor Dividend Futures Contract existing, or (iii) any "final settlement price" not being 
displayed or published on the relevant electronic page or by the exchange at the relevant valuation time), 
then the Calculation Agent may determine whether such Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event 
has a material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall either (A) calculate the "final settlement price" of 
such Dividend Futures Contract by calculating the value of the relevant dividends for the applicable 
contract period for such Dividend Futures Contract by reference to the formula for and the method of 
calculation last in effect of any related dividend point index or such other sources as it deems appropriate 
and/or (B) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate 
to account for the effect of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event, and/or (C) 
substitute such Dividend Futures Contract with a replacement Dividend Futures Contract and determine 
any adjustment necessary to account for such substitution. Any such calculation, substitution and/or 
adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no calculation, adjustment or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Dividend 
Futures Contract Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event.  
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation, substitution or adjustment can reasonably be made following a 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption 
Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may

--- Page 78 ---
RISK FACTORS 
52 
 
 
be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the Securities. If the Securities are 
redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the 
method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a 
loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Rates 
The market value of the Securities may, at any time, be affected by certain factors relating to Rates which 
may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the level of the Rate, 
macroeconomic, political or financial factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention. 
In recent years, Rates have been relatively low and stable, but this may not continue and interest rates 
may rise and/or become volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred in any Rate in the past are not 
necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the Rate during the term of any Security. 
Accordingly, before purchasing Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value 
and price volatility of the relevant Rates, as this may have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
Depending on the terms of the Securities, you may receive no or a limited amount in respect of interest 
or redemption or delivery of fewer assets because of the performance of the relevant Rates and you may 
lose a substantial portion of your investment. In addition, you should ensure that you review the terms of 
the Securities in question as these may provide for amounts due or assets deliverable to be determined 
by reference to an option or formulae linked to the relevant Rate rather than being a conventional debt 
security referencing a Rate, such as one which bears interest at a specified floating rate of interest. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Rates than you would 
have received if you had invested in another product referencing a Rate. 
See Underlying Schedule 12 (Rate Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Rates.  
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to Rates 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Rates include provisions dealing with the 
consequences of a disrupted day, including referring to alternative price sources or determination of the 
relevant Rate by the Calculation Agent or by reference to quotes from reference dealers, such alternative 
provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Rates in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Rate (being, in 
each case if applicable, the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging position 
becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the Issuer's 
costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a Hedging Disruption or an 
Increased Cost of Hedging), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of 
the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment 
Event. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to 
pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing 
any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any 
such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay

--- Page 79 ---
RISK FACTORS 
53 
 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Preference Shares 
Preference Share Linked Securities will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor. The Preference Share Company will have no obligations to investors in the Preference Share 
Linked Securities, and accordingly you will have no recourse against any such Preference Share 
Company. In particular, you will not benefit from any voting rights or distributions from or in respect of 
the Preference Shares or any income attributable to any securities or constituent comprised in any 
relevant Preference Share Underlying (as defined below). All rights arising in respect of the Preference 
Shares shall reside exclusively with the holder of the relevant Preference Shares (expected to be Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited or another affiliate of the Issuer). The return on such Securities may thus not 
reflect any distributions which would be paid to you if you had made a direct investment in the relevant 
Preference Shares or Preference Share Underlying(s). Consequently, the return on Securities linked to 
Preference Shares may be less than the return from a direct investment in the relevant Preference Shares 
or Preference Share Underlying(s). 
Preference Share Linked Securities give investment exposure to the value of the Class of Preference 
Shares to which the relevant Securities are linked. The value of the relevant Preference Shares will 
depend on the Preference Shares Terms and Conditions of the relevant Class (in particular the applicable 
defined return and the performance of the applicable Preference Share Underlying(s)) and the financial 
condition and standing of the Preference Share Company. If the value of the Preference Shares decreases 
the value of the Preference Share Linked Securities and the redemption amount payable at their maturity 
are expected to decrease correspondingly. If you invest in the Preference Shares Linked Securities you 
risk losing all or part of your investment if the value of the relevant Class of Preference Shares declines 
over the investment term of such Securities. 
If the Preference Share Company were to experience financial difficulties the Preference Share Company 
may be unable to fulfil its obligations under the Preference Share Terms and Conditions of each Class. 
In this scenario the value of the Preference Shares would be adversely affected and could be zero. As the 
Preference Share Linked Securities track the change in value of the Preference Shares any such reduction 
in the value of the Preference Shares is expected to have a corresponding effect on the value of the 
Preference Shares Linked Securities and the redemption amount payable at their maturity.  
You should note that while the redemption amount of the Preference Share Linked Securities is linked 
to the value of the Preference Shares of the relevant Class which will be influenced (positively or 
negatively) by the value of the Preference Share Underlying(s), any change may not be comparable to a 
direct investment in the Preference Share Underlying(s) and may be disproportionate.  
The risks of a Security linked to Preference Shares will depend on the terms of that Security and the 
relevant Preference Share Terms and Conditions. Such risks may include, but are not limited to, the 
possibility of significant changes in the price of the relevant Preference Shares. The value of Preference 
Shares may go down as well as up and the value of any Preference Share on any date may not reflect its 
performance in any prior period. There can be no assurance as to the future value of any Preference Share 
or of the continued existence of any Preference Share or the Preference Share Company. Accordingly, 
before making an investment decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among 
other matters, the value and price volatility of the Preference Shares, as this may affect the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
Preference Share Linked Securities are not principal protected. If you invest in such Securities you risk 
losing your entire investment if the value of the relevant Preference Shares and/or the relevant Preference 
Share Underlying(s) does not move in the anticipated direction.  
Except for the publication of the value of the Preference Shares and as otherwise expressly set out in the 
conditions of the Securities, the Issuer will not have any obligation to keep the Securityholders informed 
as to matters arising in relation to the Preference Shares.

--- Page 80 ---
RISK FACTORS 
54 
 
 
The issue price of the Preference Share Linked Securities may be more than the market value of such 
Securities as at the issue date, and more than the price at which the Securities can be sold in secondary 
market transactions. 
The levels and basis of taxation on the Preference Share Linked Securities and any reliefs for such 
taxation will depend on your individual circumstances and could change at any time. The tax and 
regulatory characterisation of the Preference Share Linked Securities may change over the life of the 
Securities. This could have adverse consequences for you. You will therefore need to consult your tax 
advisers to determine the specific tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, transfer and redemption 
of the Preference Share Linked Securities. 
Accordingly, you may lose some or all of your investment in Preference Share Linked Securities. 
See Underlying Schedule 13 (Preference Share Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in 
respect of Securities linked to Preference Shares. 
Postponement of valuation and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to Preference 
Shares 
As the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares include provisions dealing with the postponement 
of a valuation date, if any date used for the valuation or any determination of any Preference Share 
Underlying is delayed or the value/level of the relevant Preference Share Underlying(s) is determined 
using a fall-back in each case in accordance with the relevant Preference Share Terms and Conditions by 
reason of a non-scheduled trading day, a disrupted day or the occurrence of an adjustment event, such 
postponement or fall-back determined may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
the Preference Shares and in turn the Securities linked to the relevant Preference Shares. 
The provisions relating to Adjustment Events will not apply to Preference Share Linked Securities 
however equivalent provisions are expected to be included in the Preference Share Terms and Conditions. 
The occurrence of any such equivalent adjustment event may result in an adjustment to the terms of the 
relevant Preference Shares or their early redemption. Any such adjustment will be reflected in the value 
of the Securities linked to the relevant Preference Shares and may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Securities. If the Preference Shares are to be redeemed early, the Securities linked to such Preference 
Shares will also be redeemed early. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being (a) a corporate action, insolvency, merger event, 
nationalisation, tender offer, or the receipt by the Issuer of notice that the relevant Preference Shares are 
to be redeemed early, (b) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging position 
becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the Issuer's 
costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a Hedging Disruption or an 
Increased Cost of Hedging, (c) a Section 871(m) Event, (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination 
Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms), or (e) a Realisation Disruption Event), 
the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. 
If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount determined on 
the same basis as the final redemption amount of the Securities except that the "final reference level" for 
such purposes shall be deemed to be the fair market value of the Preference Share on the date of early 
redemption as determined by the Calculation Agent using its internal models and methodologies and 
taking into account such factor(s) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate. The amount repaid 
to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Warrants linked to Debt Securities 
In relation to Debt Security Linked Warrants, due to the character of the particular market on which a 
Debt Security is traded, the absence of last sale information and the limited availability of quotations for 
the relevant Debt Security may make it difficult for many investors to obtain timely, accurate data for 
the price or yield of such Debt Security.

--- Page 81 ---
RISK FACTORS 
55 
 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH SECURITIES LINKED TO RATES AND BENCHMARK 
REFORM  
The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Securities are linked 
will result in the application of certain fallback provisions 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions described in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and Certificates or General Condition 18 (Administrator/Benchmark Event) or 
General Condition 19 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
and Exercisable Certificates (the "Hierarchy Provisions") will be applied in the order set out therein, in 
each case where applicable for the relevant interest rate and the event or circumstance. If the first 
applicable option shown does not apply to the relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance 
then the next option which does should be applied. It is possible that, following the application of such 
fallback provisions, the relevant rate could be determined on a different day than originally intended 
and/or may be determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) (such agent, 
the "Relevant Agent") in its discretion. There is a risk that the determination of the relevant interest rate 
in accordance with any of these fallback provisions may result in lower amounts payable to you under 
the Securities and a reduction in their market value. 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any spread or factor howsoever 
defined) which the Relevant Agent determines are necessary or appropriate pursuant to the provisions of 
the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions shall be made 
to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market) and may include, where applicable 
and without limitation: 
• 
technical, administrative or operational changes that the Relevant Agent decides are appropriate; 
• 
the application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread; and 
• 
(subject to compliance with applicable laws and/or regulatory guidance in the relevant 
jurisdiction) adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the 
replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s). 
Such adjustments may also be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more 
effective dates, may but do not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate which is 
determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate" and which, 
unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be the relevant rate in relation to the then 
current and all future determination days. 
Investors should refer to "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback Provisions 
in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks" for an overview of how and when such fallback 
provisions apply. 
In respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates, if a floating rate becomes unavailable it may 
be determined in the Relevant Agent's discretion or by alternative methods 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the Screen Rate Determination provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Certificates apply, subject as 
provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant rate in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems 
appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market), which 
determination may be made by reference to quotations provided by third party banks. 
If the ISDA Determination provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and Certificates apply, subject as provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, 
if the relevant rate of interest cannot be determined by reference to the relevant ISDA Definitions 
(including the temporary cessation provisions set out in such ISDA Definitions, which may include 
reference bank quotations), then the rate of interest will be that determined by the Calculation Agent in

--- Page 82 ---
RISK FACTORS 
56 
 
 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(iii) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Certificates apply, subject 
as provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, the amount of interest payable on such Securities will 
be determined using (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (for the purposes of this paragraph, the "Bank 
Rate") for such day plus the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate, or (b) if the Bank 
Rate is not available on such day, the SONIA rate published for the first preceding London Banking Day 
on which the SONIA rate was published. In respect of (a), there is no assurance that the characteristics 
of the Bank Rate and spread calculation will be similar to, or will produce the economic equivalent of, 
the SONIA rate upon which compounded daily SONIA is based. If the said rate and spread calculation 
provisions or alternative provisions for determining the SONIA rate in respect of a particular day become 
applicable, this could result in adverse consequences to the amount of interest payable on the Securities, 
which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for the Securities. 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(c)(iii) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Certificates or the SOFR Fallback 
Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(iii) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and Certificates apply, subject as provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, the relevant SONIA 
Compounded Index value, or SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources 
as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
If the relevant rate is not published on the relevant page or by another authorised distributor, and is not 
otherwise provided by the relevant administrator and the €STR Fallback Provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(e)(ii) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Certificates or the SARON 
Fallback Provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(f)(ii) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and Certificates apply, subject as provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, the relevant €STR 
value or SARON value, as applicable, shall be deemed to be the rate equal to the last provided or 
published level for such rate. 
As a result of any of the above, the return on your Securities may be lower than expected and/or the value 
of your Securities may be adversely affected and the Calculation Agent will have no responsibility to the 
Issuers or any third party as a result of having acted on any such quotations. 
Failure by the Relevant Agent and/or the Issuer to give notice 
Pursuant to the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions, the 
Relevant Agent is required to notify the Issuer of certain determinations made in accordance with such 
provisions, and the Issuer is required to notify the Securityholders thereof or of certain elections to 
redeem the Securities. However, failure by the Relevant Agent to so notify the Issuer or failure by the 
Issuer to so notify the Securityholders will not affect the validity of any such determination or election. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on 
Securities linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rate benchmarks play an important role in financial markets and it is therefore critical that 
benchmarks which are used extensively are robust and are based on active, liquid underlying markets. 
As a consequence, interest rates and indices or other figures which are deemed to be "benchmarks", have 
been the subject of recent national and international regulatory scrutiny. 
Regulatory authorities and central banks view the overnight risk-free rates as providing the most robust 
benchmark interest rate available and are therefore strongly encouraging the transition away from 
interbank offered rates. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and the EU

--- Page 83 ---
RISK FACTORS 
57 
 
Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) and regulations made thereunder (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation", and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the "Benchmarks Regulations") are a 
key element of the ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and the UK and have applied since 1 January 
2018 and been subject to subsequent amendments.  
In addition to so-called "critical benchmarks", other interest rates, foreign exchange rates and certain 
indices, will in most cases be within scope of both versions of the Benchmarks Regulations as 
"benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain 
financial instruments (including (i) in the case of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, Securities traded on 
an EU regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility ("MTF"), and (ii) in the case of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, Securities traded on a UK recognised investment exchange or a UK MTF), and 
in a number of other circumstances.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data 
to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as 
CGML) of "benchmarks" provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The UK Benchmarks Regulation contains most of the same provisions as the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, but has narrower geographical scope of application. The UK Benchmarks Regulation applies 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark 
within the UK. The onus of compliance with the UK Benchmarks Regulation rests on UK benchmark 
administrators and UK supervised entities. 
The ESMA maintains a public register of benchmark administrators and third country benchmarks 
pursuant to the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register"). Benchmark administrators which 
were authorised, registered or recognised by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020 were removed from the 
ESMA Register on 1 January 2021. From 1 January 2021 onwards, the FCA maintains a separate public 
register of benchmark administrators and non-UK benchmarks pursuant to the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation (the "UK Register"). The UK Register retains UK benchmark administrators which were 
authorised, registered or recognised by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on 
any Securities linked to or referencing a "benchmark". For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
may not be used in certain ways by an EU supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from any EU 
competent authority (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and is 
not "recognised" pending an equivalence decision and the benchmark is not endorsed). If the 
benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or 
registration or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not recognised and the 
benchmark is not endorsed, then the Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity;  
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
may not be used in certain ways by a UK supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from the FCA (or, if a 
non-UK entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" pending 
an equivalence decision and the benchmark is not endorsed). If the benchmark administrator 
does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or registration or, if a non-UK 
entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not recognised and the benchmark is not endorsed, 
then the Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, and such changes could reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of 
the published rate or level, and (depending on the terms of the particular Securities) could lead

--- Page 84 ---
RISK FACTORS 
58 
 
 
to adjustments to the terms of the Securities as the Relevant Agent deems necessary or 
appropriate. 
Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
the "benchmark" and/or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Securities linked 
to or referencing a "benchmark" and the Relevant Agent may be entitled to make corresponding 
adjustments to the conditions of the Securities. 
Methodologies for calculating risk-free rates 
Risk-free rates are generally backwards-looking and are calculated on a compounded or weighted 
average basis. 
Interest on Securities which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is not determined until the end 
of the relevant interest calculation period. Therefore, you may be unable to reliably estimate in advance 
the amount of interest which will be payable on such Securities. Further, if such Securities become due 
and payable following an Event of Default, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an 
Interest Payment Date, where a separate amount in respect of accrued interest is payable, the final Interest 
Rate and/or Interest Amount payable in respect of such Securities shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Securities become due and payable 
or are scheduled for redemption. 
Developing markets for SONIA, SOFR, €STR and SARON and potential impact on performance and 
returns 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of SONIA, SOFR, €STR and SARON as 
reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar, euro or Swiss franc bonds, respectively, 
and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants 
and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including 
term SONIA, SOFR and €STR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation 
of an average SONIA rate, SOFR or €STR over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Securities that reference such risk-
free rates issued under this Base Prospectus. Term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term) have been published 
from January 2021 and term SOFR rates have also become available for use. It is possible that market 
participants may seek to apply such term rates for capital markets issuances, although UK authorities 
have made clear their preference for the market to adopt a broad-based transition to SONIA compounded 
in arrears for new transactions, with use of a term SONIA reference rate being more limited. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Securities referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or other 
risk-free rates that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON or other risk-free rate referenced Securities issued by it under this Base 
Prospectus. 
The development of new risk-free rates could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Securities that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus from time to time. 
The new risk free rates have only a limited trading market, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for Securities indexed to the new risk free rates may 
evolve over time, and may lead to impacts on trading prices and values, and such Securities may not be 
able to be sold or may not be able to be sold at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar

--- Page 85 ---
RISK FACTORS 
59 
 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk. 
Similarly, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. You should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which you may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Securities referencing such risk-free rates. 
Interest on Securities linked to a Reference Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference 
Rate selected by the Relevant Agent if a Reference Rate Event occurs 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If the Reference Rate Event Provisions apply pursuant to the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, there is a 
risk that a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a Reference Rate (for an overview of how the 
Reference Rate Event Provisions apply, see "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of 
Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks"). 
It is uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a Reference Rate and the 
circumstances which could trigger such an event are outside of the Issuer's control. Whether a Reference 
Rate Event has occurred will be determined by the Relevant Agent, and any subsequent use of a 
replacement Reference Rate is likely to result in changes to the Conditions (which could be extensive) 
and/or interest or other payments under the Securities that are lower than or that do not otherwise 
correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on such Securities if the relevant 
Reference Rate remained available in its current form. 
Subject to the Conditions, each Securityholder will bear the risks arising from any such change and will 
not be entitled to any form of compensation as a result of any such change. 
Determination of alternative benchmark and any Adjustment Spread 
If the Relevant Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference 
Rate, it will: 
(A) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate; 
(B) 
calculate the adjustment, if any, to the Replacement Reference Rate that it determines is required 
in order to reduce any transfer of economic value from (i) the Issuer to the Securityholders or 
(ii) the Securityholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (an "Adjustment 
Spread");  
(C) 
determine such other amendments to the Securities which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and 
(D) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and such 
other adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Securities.  
You should be aware that: 
(I) 
the application of any Replacement Reference Rate (notwithstanding the inclusion of any 
Adjustment Spread), together with any consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any 
changes made following a material change), could result in a lower amount being payable than 
would otherwise have been the case; 
(II) 
more than one possible replacement rate may exist and, if so, it is possible that the Relevant 
Agent may select the least favourable replacement rate;

--- Page 86 ---
RISK FACTORS 
60 
 
 
(III) 
any such Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by any Adjustment Spread) and any 
consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any changes made following a material change) 
shall apply without requiring the consent of the holders of Securities; and 
(IV) 
if the Relevant Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to adjust the 
terms of the Securities to account for the effect of any Reference Rate Event or to identify a 
Replacement Reference Rate or calculate an Adjustment Spread, then absent a determination 
that no Replacement Reference Rate or other amendments to the terms of the Securities are 
required, the Securities may, at the Issuer's option, be the subject of an early redemption, in 
which case you may lose some or all of your investment. There is no guarantee that a 
Replacement Reference Rate will be identified or that an Adjustment Spread will be calculated 
by the Relevant Agent. 
The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined pursuant to a formula or 
methodology. There can be no assurance that the replacement adjustment will fully mitigate the transfer 
of economic value between the Issuer and holders. 
Interim adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any adjustments or replacement having occurred, the 
relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Securities and at that time, no 
amendments have occurred in accordance with the foregoing and: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation 
for the Securities to reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent 
to use the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the 
terms that would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event 
had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Securities to reference the Reference Rate or for the Issuer and/or the Relevant 
Agent to use the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Relevant Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be 
reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted 
(in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate (including 
any temporary substitute or successor rate) or the rate published at the relevant time on the last 
day on which the Reference Rate was published or was permitted to be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation (the "Last Permitted Rate") or (b) if it determines there is no such 
industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate or the use of the Last 
Permitted Rate would not produce a commercially reasonable result, a substitute or successor 
rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, taking 
into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, 
the derivatives market). 
To the extent that any Securities reference a Reference Rate with respect to which a Reference Rate Event 
is likely to occur during the term of such Securities, prospective investors should be aware that the 
consequence of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event described above will be realised if such a 
Reference Rate Event occurs. 
The interests of the Relevant Agent in making the determinations described above may be adverse to 
your interests as a holder of Securities. The selection of a Replacement Reference Rate, and any decisions 
made by the Relevant Agent in connection with implementing a Replacement Reference Rate with 
respect to the Securities, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of any Replacement Reference Rate will be similar 
to the relevant Reference Rate or that any Replacement Reference Rate will produce the economic 
equivalent of such Reference Rate. In particular, any of these fallback provisions may result in interest 
payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have 
been made on the relevant Securities if the previous rate had continued being published in its current 
form.

--- Page 87 ---
RISK FACTORS 
61 
 
Risks relating to the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (if applicable) in respect of any relevant 
Benchmark may mean adjustments are made to the Securities which may include selecting one or more 
successor benchmarks and making related adjustments to the Securities, including if applicable to reflect 
any increased costs of the Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or 
benchmark(s). Alternatively, early redemption of the Securities may apply if specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms. For an overview of how the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions apply, see 
"Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference 
Rates and Benchmarks" below. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of, return 
on or market for the Securities, and if the Securities are early redeemed, the amount repaid to you could 
be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks relating to the discontinuance or unavailability of a Rate 
If (x) the provisions of Underlying Schedule 13 relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing 
Level of a Rate on any Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and 
(y) the provisions relating to the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions apply 
pursuant to the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, if (i) the relevant Electronic Page is not available, or (ii) 
the percentage rate of the relevant Rate for the relevant Scheduled Trading Day does not appear on the 
Electronic Page, and/or (iii) the relevant Rate is not provided or published by the relevant administrator 
or a relevant authorised distributor and/or (iv) a component of the relevant Rate is not provided or 
published, the Calculation Agent shall determine the underlying closing level for such Rate as it deems 
appropriate and in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, having regard to such sources 
as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market)) and may 
make such adjustments to the Conditions as it determines necessary or appropriate to reflect any industry-
accepted practices for the successor Rate, including applying an adjustment factor. Any such 
amendments may result in payments under the Securities being different from those originally 
anticipated, and could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
Swap Rates may be materially amended or discontinued 
Swap rates may be subject to reform in the future. These reforms may cause one or more swap rate(s) to 
be discontinued, to be modified, or to be subject to other changes. Any such consequence could also have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities the payout of which is dependent on the 
performance of such swap rate. 
If a swap rate ceases, different fallback provisions would apply based on the way in which the relevant 
swap rate is determined under the Conditions and the fallback provisions described in the relevant 
Hierarchy Provisions. Such fallback provisions will be applied in the order set out therein and where 
ISDA Determination applies, this will mean that any permanent cessation fallback provisions included 
as part of the applicable ISDA Definitions will not apply.  
New swap rates linked to risk free rates have recently been developed, such as IBA's GBP SONIA ICE 
Swap Rate settings and USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate settings. However, there can be no guarantee that 
such rates will be liquid, and the method by which such new swap rates are calculated may change in the 
future. The Relevant Agent may make consequential changes to the Conditions if the methodology of a 
relevant rate is amended. 
In the event that the administrator of a rate referenced by Floating Rate Securities or Rate Linked 
Securities amends the methodology of such Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to the time 
of publication of the relevant rate), the Relevant Agent may but shall not be required to make any related 
or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in the applicable fallback 
provisions (including, without limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, changes 
to timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the 
definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Relevant Agent determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Relevant Agent decides 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Relevant 
Agent determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the Relevant Agent

--- Page 88 ---
RISK FACTORS 
62 
 
 
determines is reasonably necessary). Investors should be aware that such changes to the Conditions may 
adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, such Securities. 
Risks in connection with "Shift" and "Lag" methodologies 
Where (a) SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR Floating Rate Determination (in either case, 
other than where Index Determination applies) or (b) €STR Screen Rate Determination or SARON 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating 
Interest Rate is to be determined, a compounding method will also be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. These compounding methodologies have emerged as conventions for daily compounding of rates 
in arrears. The conventions differ in the period that each method uses when weighting each business 
day's overnight rate for the relevant risk free rate. The "Shift" approach (or "Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift") weights the relevant risk free rate according to the relevant number of days 
that apply in a separate observation period which 'shadows' the Interest Period (e.g. the observation period 
might start and end five business days preceding the relevant start and end of the Interest Period). The 
"Lag" approach (or "OIS Compounding" or "Compounding with Lookback") weights the relevant risk 
free rate according to the number of days that apply in the relevant Interest Period. Investors should be 
aware that divergence between the above methodologies could lead to a difference in the interest being 
determined even where the relevant risk free rate is the same for the Securities and may not be what 
investors expected. 
Methodologies for determining interest payable in respect of Securities linked to SONIA or SOFR may 
differ substantially 
The amount of interest payable in respect of Securities linked to SONIA or SOFR will be calculated by 
reference to (i) the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA or 
SOFR, as applicable, as the reference rate for the calculation of interest); or (ii) where Index 
Determination in respect of SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
applies, a screen rate, formula or value as may be published by the administrator of SONIA or SOFR, as 
applicable. There can be no assurance that amounts of interest determined pursuant to (i) and (ii) will be 
similar, and over time the market may adopt an application of these methodologies that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions. Further, investors should refer to "Developing markets 
for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential impact on performance and returns" above for a description 
of the key risks relating to the development of risk free rates across the market generally. 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES AND CERTIFICATES AND CERTAIN TYPES OF 
SECURITY AND PRODUCT FEATURES  
The following risk factors relate only to Securities which are Notes or Certificates. 
No Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with regard to insolvency or bankruptcy of 
the CGMHI Guarantor 
You should note that there are no Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with regard to 
the insolvency or bankruptcy of the CGMHI Guarantor (or any similar event), any other default of the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee not being (or being claimed not to be) in full force 
and effect. Therefore, even though the CGMHI Guarantor may be declared bankrupt or enters into 
insolvency proceedings or disclaims the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, notwithstanding that you are a 
holder of Securities issued by CGMHI, you will not be able to trigger an Event of Default under the 
Securities and thus will not be able to cause the Securities to be immediately due and payable, and the 
Securities will not redeem until maturity (unless there has been an Event of Default due to non-payment 
of interest or principal or bankruptcy or other default of CGMHI in the meantime). It is possible that you 
may receive a lower return at maturity than if you were able to accelerate the Securities for immediate 
repayment in such circumstances. 
Securities which are issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of any Securities which are Notes or Certificates issued at a substantial discount or 
premium to their principal amount or issue or offer price tend to fluctuate more in relation to general 
changes in interest rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the 
longer the remaining term of such Securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more

--- Page 89 ---
RISK FACTORS 
63 
 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such price volatility could lead to a 
greater loss than otherwise on any sale of the Security prior to its scheduled redemption or an inability 
to sell the Security in the secondary markets. 
Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications 
Securities other than French law Securities 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities contain provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders 
to consider matters which may have a general or specific effect upon your interests. Matters decided at 
such meetings may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities, and further, 
the vote of a defined majority may be binding on all Securityholders, including those Securityholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, and Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities also provide that the Issuer and, where the Issuer is CGMHI, 
the CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor may make, without the 
consent of the Securityholders, (i) any modification to the Securities, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the 
relevant Swedish Agency Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the 
relevant Deed of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders or 
(ii) any modification to the Securities, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Swedish Agency 
Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law. In determining what is "materially prejudicial", the Issuer shall not consider the 
individual circumstances of any Securityholder or the tax or other consequences of such modification in 
any jurisdiction. Any such amendment to the Securities could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on the Securities or, without limitation, a Securityholder's tax, regulatory or accounting 
treatment of such Securities. 
French Law Securities 
In the case of French Law Securities, the Terms and Conditions of the Securities can only be amended if 
there is a quorate meeting of the Securityholders in accordance with Article L.225-98 of the French Code 
de Commerce or a written decision of the Securityholders in accordance with French law. The positive 
vote of two-thirds (for a meeting of Securityholders) or three-quarters (for a written decision of the 
Securityholders) or more of such Securityholders present or represented will bind the remaining 
Securityholders. 
In respect of French Law Securities which have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR100,000 (or 
its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or which can be traded in amounts of at least 
EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the Issuer may amend the 
Conditions of the Securities without the consent of the Securityholders to correct a manifest error. 
See further General Condition 12 (Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications, Determinations and 
Rounding). 
Obligor Regulatory Event 
If "Obligor Regulatory Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and an Obligor 
Regulatory Event occurs (being, in summary, a change in law after the Trade Date which results in the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor (i) becoming subject to less favourable capital adequacy treatment, (ii) 
suffering any increased costs in connection with the Securities, including any costs associated with 
hedging the Securities or costs in maintaining any applicable capital reserves in respect of the Securities 
or (iii) being materially restricted from performing any of its obligations under the Securities and/or the 
relevant Deed of Guarantee, as applicable), the relevant Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of such Securities. 
If the Securities are so redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Securities, an 
amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms or such other

--- Page 90 ---
RISK FACTORS 
64 
 
 
amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
See further General Condition 6(c) (Early Termination following the occurrence of an Obligor 
Regulatory Event). 
Occurrence of a Settlement Currency Disruption Event 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Securities cannot 
be made by the Issuer in the Settlement Currency on any date on which payment is scheduled to be made 
under the Securities due to the occurrence of a Settlement Currency Disruption Event (being (a) the 
imposition of restrictions on the transferability, purchase and holding of the Settlement Currency, (b) its 
non-acceptance by a clearing system or its disuse, (c) its illiquidity in the relevant market or (d) any other 
circumstances beyond the Issuer's control), then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations to 
Securityholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the Settlement Currency Disruption 
Event ceases to exist, or (ii) making such payment in United States dollars on, or as soon as reasonably 
practicable after, the relevant payment date. Any such delayed payment or payment in United States 
dollars will not constitute a default and Securityholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any 
other payment in respect of any such delay and this could have a material adverse impact on the rights 
of Securityholders, the value of and return on the Securities. 
See further General Condition 8(i) (Settlement Currency Disruption Event). 
Adjustment Events, Early Redemption Events and Realisation Disruption for Securities other than 
Underlying Linked Securities 
In respect of certain Notes or Certificates which are not Underlying Linked Securities, certain Adjustment 
Events and Early Redemption Events and Realisation Disruption may be specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
For such Securities, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each 
case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging position 
becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the Issuer's 
costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Notes or (b) a disruption in the hedging 
arrangements relating to the Securities or (c) an increased cost in relation to the hedging arrangements 
relating to the Securities (an "Increased Cost of Hedging"), then the Calculation Agent shall make such 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for 
the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments 
to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing 
any amounts payable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such 
adjustment(s) may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event may be an Early 
Redemption Event if specified to be applicable in respect of the relevant event in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, if applicable, circumstances where the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably be made following an Adjustment Event), the Securities 
may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the 
Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in 
accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could 
therefore lose some of all of your investment. 
If a Realisation Disruption Event occurs, then either (a) the terms and conditions of the Securities 
(including any payment or delivery obligations) may be adjusted in order to reflect the economic effect 
of the particular Realisation Disruption Event or (b) the Issuer may redeem the Securities, as further 
described under "Realisation Disruption" above.

--- Page 91 ---
RISK FACTORS 
65 
 
Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and CGMHI and/or the CGMHI Guarantor 
In relation to Securities issued by CGMFL or Securities issued by CGMHI where "Substitution 
provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor 
and/or CGMHI or the CGMHI Guarantor may, at any time, without the consent of the holders, but subject 
to certain conditions, substitute for itself another company. 
In relation to Securities issued by CGMFL, depending on whether "Additional Requirements" are 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, amongst other conditions, the substitute 
company, on the date of such substitution, must either (i) be, in the opinion of CGMFL or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as the case may be, of at least equivalent standing and creditworthiness to it, or (ii) unless 
CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor unconditionally guarantees the fulfilment of the obligations of the 
substitute company, demonstrate a long term credit rating from at least one internationally recognised 
credit rating agency active in the international capital markets (including but not limited to Standard & 
Poor's, Moody's Investors Service and Fitch Ratings) which is at least as high as CGMFL or the CGMFL 
Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted. 
Any such substitution could have a material adverse impact on the rights of Securityholders, the value of 
and return on the Securities issued by CGMFL or Securities issued by CGMHI and/or performance under 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee (as the case may be). 
See further General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor). 
Ability to Substitute the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor in Insolvency 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities explicitly provide that nothing in General Condition 17 
(Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor) shall limit the ability of 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to be substituted upon or following the relevant entity 
becoming subject to a resolution, restructuring, or reorganisation or similar proceeding. This means any 
such substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor does not have to comply with the 
substitution criteria set out in General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
and the CGMFL Guarantor). Any such substitution could adversely affect the rights of Securityholders, 
the price and/or value of their investment in the Securities and/or performance under the CGMHI Deed 
of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case may be. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Social Finance Bonds  
You should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section of this Base Prospectus for information 
relating to Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Social Finance Bonds and any relevant frameworks. 
Whilst it is the intention of the Group to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base 
Prospectus and/or the applicable Issue Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant projects or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Green Assets, Social Finance Assets or 
the assets comprising any Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio will be capable of being 
implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such projects and assets. Nor can there 
be any assurance that such projects and assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or 
with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the relevant Issuer. In addition, a relevant framework may be amended by the Group from 
time to time in a manner which may affect the value of relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social 
Finance Bonds, as applicable. 
There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a "green", "social", "inclusive", "sustainable" or any equivalently-labelled project or asset or 
as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project or asset to be defined as "green", "social", 
"inclusive", "sustainable" or any such other equivalent label. A clear definition or consensus may not 
develop or if market consensus is developed, such consensus may be different from the relevant 
framework or may significantly change over time which may affect the value of any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Social Finance Bonds. Consequently, investments in businesses or projects described in the

--- Page 92 ---
RISK FACTORS 
66 
 
 
relevant framework and any related opinions and/or reports may not meet your expectations, taxonomies 
or standards or other investment criteria or guidelines regarding such "green", "social", "inclusive", 
"sustainable", "affordable housing" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or any binding 
or non-binding legal, regulatory or other standards regarding any direct or indirect environmental or 
social impact (including any present or future applicable law or regulations or by-laws or other governing 
rules, policies or investment mandates applicable to you) and there can be no assurance that adverse 
social, environmental and/or other impacts will not occur from such businesses or projects.  
Further, any Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Social Finance Bonds issued under the Green Bond 
Framework, the Social Finance Framework or the Social Bond Framework (each as defined below) are 
not intended to be compliant with Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional 
disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the 
"EU Green Bond Regulation"). It is not clear if the establishment under the EU Green Bond Regulation 
of the EuGB label and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" 
could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not 
comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds issued under this Base Prospectus. It could result in 
reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued 
under this Base Prospectus that do not comply with those standards proposed under the EU Green Bond 
Regulation. You should have regard to any descriptions of the relevant projects and eligibility criteria in 
any applicable framework and the applicable Issue Terms and determine for yourself the relevance of 
such information and such opinions and/or reports and whether all your applicable standards will be met. 
Any opinion, certification or report of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Group) that may 
be made available in connection with Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds (including 
with respect to whether any businesses or projects fulfil any green, social, inclusive, sustainability and/or 
other criteria) may be withdrawn, subject to amendment or may not be maintained. In addition, the 
provider of any such opinion, certification or report may not be subject to any specific oversight or 
regulatory regime. Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds may also be listed or admitted 
to trading on a dedicated "green", "environmental", "social", "inclusive", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), but 
you should be aware that the criteria for such listings or admission to trading may vary and may not meet 
your expectations and there is a risk that any such listing or admission to trading may not be maintained 
by the relevant Issuer or may be withdrawn. This may adversely affect the market value of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds with the effect that you may be unable to realise all or part 
of your investment. 
Failure by the relevant Issuer or any other relevant entity to allocate (or cause allocation of) an amount 
equal to the net proceeds as described in the relevant framework or provide reports, or the failure of any 
external assurance provider to opine on any relevant framework or on any report's conformity with the 
Group's sustainability strategy or the relevant framework or the withdrawal of any report or any 
certification that the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion 
or certification is opining or certifying, as the case may be, will not constitute an event of default under 
or trigger any early redemption rights (whether by the relevant Issuer or any Securityholder). In addition 
and for the avoidance of doubt, the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds 
will not be segregated by the relevant Issuer or any other entity in the Group from its capital and other 
assets and there will be no direct or contractual link between any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social 
Finance Bonds and any Eligible Green Assets, the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio, or Social 
Finance Assets, respectively. 
Any of the above factors (and any events that negatively affect the value of any other Securities of the 
Issuer that are intended to finance "green", "social", "inclusive", "sustainable" or equivalently-labelled 
projects or assets) could have a material adverse effect on the value of such Securities and investors may 
be unable to realise all or part of their investment. 
Risks relating to different governing laws in respect of certain Securities and guarantees 
French Law Securities have the benefit of an English law guarantee 
French Law Securities issued by CGMHI have the benefit of a guarantee of the CGMHI Guarantor 
pursuant to the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and French Law Securities issued by CGMFL have the

--- Page 93 ---
RISK FACTORS 
67 
 
benefit of a guarantee of the CGMFL Guarantor pursuant to the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the All 
Monies Guarantee. French Law Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law and the 
Paris courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the 
French Law Securities. However, each of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee and the All Monies Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. In respect of 
the All Monies Guarantee, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute including 
a dispute relating to non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it. Accordingly, it is 
possible that Securityholders, wishing to enforce their rights in respect of French Law Securities, may 
need to bring claims under differing governing laws and/or in different jurisdictions against the Issuer 
and (if applicable) the Guarantor and this, in turn, could prolong and/or increase the costs to be incurred 
in respect of any proceedings in relation to such claims and, potentially, affect the ultimate payout. 
Risks relating to Fixed Rate Securities or Securities which pay a Non-Contingent Interest Amount 
Investment in Fixed Rate Securities or Securities which pay a Non-Contingent Interest Amount involves 
the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate or amount paid on such 
Securities, this will adversely affect the value of the Securities.  
Risks relating to Fixed/Floating Rate Securities 
Fixed/Floating Rate Securities may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the relevant Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, 
this will affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, the Securities, since the relevant Issuer 
may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of borrowing for the 
relevant Issuer. If the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Securities may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Securities tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other floating rate Securities issued by the relevant Issuer. If the 
relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be 
lower than the prevailing market rates. 
Securities subject to a cap 
Where the terms of the Securities provide that the amounts payable or deliverable is subject to a cap, 
your ability to participate in any change in the value of the relevant interest rates and/or Underlying(s) 
over the term of the Securities will be limited, no matter how much the level, price or other applicable 
value of the relevant interest rates and/or Underlying(s) increases in a way which would otherwise 
operate to increase the relevant amount payable to more than the cap level. Accordingly, the value of or 
return on the Securities may be significantly less than if the cap had not applied or you had purchased 
another product not subject to a cap.  
New York Law Securities which pay interest at a variable rate 
Any tranche of New York Law Securities with an aggregate principal amount of less than U.S.$2,500,000 
is subject to usury limits which limit the amount of interest which may be paid on such Securities. In 
addition to any maximum interest rate that may be applicable to any Securities which pay interest at a 
variable rate, the interest rate on such Securities will in no event be higher than the maximum rate 
permitted by the law of the State of New York. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the maximum rate 
of interest under provisions of the New York penal law, with a few exceptions, is 25 per cent. per annum 
on a simple interest basis. 
Risks relating to Spread Securities 
Spread Securities have an interest rate determined by reference to any of: (a) one (1) minus the result of 
a specified spread rate minus another specified spread rate; or (b) a specified spread rate minus another 
specified spread rate; or (c) the lesser of: (i) a specified spread rate plus or minus a spread cap margin, 
and (ii) the sum of: (A) a specified percentage rate per annum, and (B) the product of (I) a multiplier, 
and (II) the difference between two specified spread rates, and, in each case, plus or minus a margin (if

--- Page 94 ---
RISK FACTORS 
68 
 
 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by an interest participation rate (if specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms).  
Each of the specified spread rates referred to in the preceding paragraph may be (i) a single specified 
rate, (ii) the sum of more than one specified rate or (iii) one specified rate minus another specified rate. 
Accordingly, Spread Securities may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile instruments, 
and/or may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Risks relating to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities have an interest rate multiplied by an accrual rate which is 
determined by reference to the number of days in the relevant interest period on which one or more 
accrual condition(s) are satisfied. An accrual condition may be satisfied on any relevant day if the 
relevant reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
equal to or above the specified barrier; or 
(b) 
above the specified barrier; or  
(c) 
equal to or below the specified barrier; or  
(d) 
below the specified barrier,  
or the relevant reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
either equal to or above, or above, the specified lower range; and  
(b) 
either equal to or below, or below, the specified upper range.  
A reference observation may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a single reference rate, (ii) 
a basket of two or more reference rates, (iii) the difference between two reference rates, (iv) the difference 
between the sums of two sets of reference rates or (v) a currency exchange rate.  
The interest rate of Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities may be a rate equal to or calculated by reference 
to a specified fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate, a CMS swap rate (or if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, either the lesser of or the difference between two CMS swap rates) or a Synthetic Forward 
Rate.  
The accrual rate may be subject to a cap or a floor and may be multiplied by a leverage factor. 
Accordingly, Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities may be subject to variable interest rates, can be 
volatile instruments, and/or may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual Provisions" apply, where 
the accrual factor is greater than the specified protection level, the accrual factor shall be deemed to be 
100 per cent. and the full amount of the interest amount for the relevant interest period will be paid even 
if the relevant accrual condition(s) are not satisfied on each relevant day in the relevant interest period. 
Digital Securities 
Digital Securities have an interest rate which will either be:  
(a) 
the specified back up rate; or  
(b) 
if the specified digital reference rate as of the relevant interest determination date is either, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) less 
than or (iv) less than or equal to the specified reserve rate, the specified digital rate.  
Each of the rates referred to in the preceding paragraph may be (a) a fixed rate or (b) a rate determined 
by reference to the Floating Rate Securities provisions, the CMS Interest Linked Securities provisions, 
the Spread Securities provisions or FX Rate Conditions. Therefore, Digital Securities may be subject to

--- Page 95 ---
RISK FACTORS 
69 
 
variable interest rates, can be volatile instruments and may pay limited or no interest in respect of an 
interest period.  
Digital Band Securities 
Digital Band Securities have an interest rate (which may be a fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate, 
a CMS interest rate or a rate equal to one specified rate (which may be a floating interest rate or a CMS 
interest rate) minus another specified rate (which may be a floating interest rate or a CMS interest rate)) 
which will be determined in relation to an interest period by reference to within which band either, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
the specified reference rate falls; or 
(b) 
the result of one specified reference rate minus another specified reference rate falls. 
Each of the specified reference rates referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above may be a rate determined 
by reference to the Floating Rate Securities provisions, the CMS Interest Linked Securities provisions or 
FX Rate Conditions. 
The interest rate for the interest period will be equal to the rate specified as the band rate for the 
appropriate band within which, in the case of (a) the reference rate falls or, in the case of (b) the result of 
one specified rate minus another specified rate falls. In addition, different reference rates may apply in 
respect of different interest periods and interest payment dates. 
Therefore, Digital Band Securities are subject to the performance of, in the case of (a) the reference rate 
or, in the case of (b) the result of one reference rate minus another reference rate and, as any relevant 
reference rate is a variable interest rate, the Digital Band Securities may be volatile instruments and may 
pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period.  
Volatility Bond Securities 
Volatility Bond Securities have an interest rate determined by reference to the absolute value of a 
specified volatility bond rate 1 minus a specified volatility bond rate 2 all, plus or minus a margin (if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by an interest participation rate (if specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms). Each of the specified volatility bond rates referred to above may be (i) a 
single specified rate, (ii) the sum of more than one specified rate or (iii) one specified rate minus another 
specified rate, each of which may be a fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate, a CMS interest rate or 
a forward rate.  
Therefore, Volatility Bond Securities may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile instruments 
and may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period.  
If the "Shout Option" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, following valid exercise 
of the Shout Option for a relevant interest period by all the Securityholders, the reference rate(s) 
comprising volatility bond rate 1 shall be determined by reference to the implied forward rate for such 
reference rate(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the date on which the Shout Option is 
exercised. The reference rate(s) so determined may result in less interest being paid in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period if the relevant implied forward rate(s) determined on the relevant date are less 
than the spot reference rate(s) which would have been used for the determination of volatility bond rate 
1 had the Shout Option not been exercised. 
In addition, the Shout Option may only be exercised by the Securityholders of all the Securities 
outstanding on the relevant date. If the Shout Option is exercised by less than all the Securityholders on 
the relevant date, any such exercise shall not be valid and the Shout Option shall not be validly exercised. 
This may result in you receiving less interest you would have received had such option been validly 
exercised by all the Securityholders. 
Synthetic Forward Rate Securities 
Synthetic Forward Rate Securities have an interest rate determined by reference to a formula similar to 
the determination of a forward rate which aims to provide exposure to specified rate(s) through the 
formula and to provide a higher return than by providing exposure directly to such specified rate(s).

--- Page 96 ---
RISK FACTORS 
70 
 
 
However, there is no guarantee that such Securities will achieve the expected return. In addition, such 
Securities may be subject to a cap or a floor and may be multiplied by a leverage factor. 
Each of the specified rates referred to in the preceding paragraph may be (i) a single specified rate, (ii) 
the sum of more than one specified rate or (iii) one specified rate minus another specified rate which, in 
each case, may be (a) a fixed rate or (b) a rate determined by reference to the Floating Rate Securities 
provisions or the CMS Interest Linked Securities provisions. 
Therefore, Synthetic Forward Rate Securities may be subject to variable interest rate, can be volatile 
instruments and may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Previous Coupon Linked Securities 
Previous Coupon Linked Securities are Securities which have an interest rate (a "Previous Coupon 
Linked Interest Rate") determined from a previous coupon reference rate, plus or minus a margin (if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by an interest participation rate (if specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms). The previous coupon reference rate for an interest period is a rate equal to: 
(a) the interest rate for the immediately preceding interest period and/or interest payment date (such rate, 
a "Previous Coupon", such period, a "Preceding Interest Period" and such payment date, "Preceding 
Payment Date"), (b) plus or minus a specified rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms) multiplied 
by an interest participation rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and (c) plus or minus another 
specified rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms) multiplied by an interest participation rate (if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms). The Previous Coupon for a Preceding Interest Period and/or 
Preceding Payment Date (as applicable) is the interest rate determined in accordance with the interest 
basis applicable to such Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding Payment Date, which may be the 
Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate determined for the Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding 
Payment Date where the interest basis applicable to such Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding 
Payment Date is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as Previous Coupon Linked Securities. 
The Previous Coupon for a Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding Payment Date (as applicable) may 
also be a fixed interest rate (if the applicable interest basis for such Preceding Interest Period and/or 
Preceding Payment Date is Fixed Rate Securities), floating interest rate (if the applicable interest basis 
for such Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding Payment Date is Floating Rate Securities), a CMS 
interest rate (if the applicable interest basis for such Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding Payment 
Date is CMS Interest Linked Securities) or any other rate of interest determined in accordance with the 
applicable interest basis for such Preceding Interest Period and/or such Preceding Payment Date. 
A specified rate may be a fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate, a CMS interest rate or any other 
reference rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Securities. Previous Coupon Linked Securities may therefore also be Fixed Rate 
Securities, Floating Rate Securities, CMS Interest Linked Securities, Inverse Floating Rate Securities, 
Range Accrual Securities, Digital Securities, Spread Securities and/or Volatility Bond Securities and/or 
Synthetic Forward Rate Securities (or any combination of the foregoing). 
Therefore, Previous Coupon Linked Securities may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile 
instruments and may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
FX Performance Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "FX Performance Securities Provisions" to be applicable, 
the interest rate otherwise determined in accordance with the relevant interest provisions in respect of an 
interest period/interest payment date (an actual coupon rate) will be adjusted to reflect changes in a 
settlement currency exchange rate by applying the "performance" of the relevant currency exchange rate 
(being (i) either a specified amount or a settlement currency exchange rate or the currency exchange rate 
on a specified date (e.g. the trade date) divided by (ii) either a specified amount or a settlement currency 
exchange rate or the currency exchange rate on a different specified date (e.g. a specified FX performance 
valuation date for the relevant interest period/interest payment date)) to such actual coupon rate.  
This will mean that you are exposed to fluctuations in the settlement currency exchange rate which may 
operate to reduce the interest rate for the relevant interest period/interest payment date.

--- Page 97 ---
RISK FACTORS 
71 
 
Reserve Coupon Securities and Redemption Reserve Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions" to be applicable 
and Relevant Option is specified to be Option 1, if the interest rate otherwise determined in accordance 
with the relevant interest provisions in respect of an interest period/interest payment date (an actual 
coupon rate) is greater than the reserve coupon rate specified for the relevant interest period/interest 
payment date in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Interest Rate for the relevant interest period/interest 
payment date shall be capped at the reserve coupon rate and (ii) the amount by which such actual coupon 
rate exceeds the reserve coupon rate shall be carried over to "top up" the rate of interest for any 
succeeding interest periods/interest payment dates for which the actual coupon rate is less than the reserve 
coupon rate, PROVIDED THAT the Interest Rate for any succeeding interest period/interest payment 
date shall not exceed the reserve coupon rate. The total reserve coupon for the final interest period shall 
then either (i) where this is a positive number, be applied to increase the Redemption Amount of the 
Securities or (ii) where this is a negative number, be applied to reduce the Redemption Amount of the 
Securities. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions" to be applicable 
and Relevant Option is specified to be Option 2, where the actual coupon rate is less than zero during the 
specified Initial Reserve Period, the interest amount for the relevant Interest Period will be floored at 
zero and the amount by which such actual coupon rate is less than zero will be added to the reserve 
coupon. The average of the reserve coupons for each Interest Period during the specified Initial Reserve 
Period will then be applied over the Remaining Reserve Period (being the remaining term of the 
Securities) to reduce the amount of interest paid to investors over that period. In the event that the 
Securities are also Redemption Reserve Securities, the sum of the Redemption Reserve Amounts during 
the Redemption Reserve Period shall then either (i) where this is a positive number, be applied to increase 
the Redemption Amount of the Securities or (ii) where this is a negative number, be applied to reduce 
the Redemption Amount of the Securities. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions" to be applicable 
and Relevant Option is specified to be Option 3, where the actual coupon rate for an Interest Period is 
less than the specified Floor, the interest amount for the relevant Interest Period will equal the Floor and 
the amount by which such actual coupon rate is less than the Floor will be added to the total reserve 
coupon. The total reserve coupon will then be used to reduce the amount of any interest rate for future 
Interest Periods where the actual coupon rate is greater than the Floor. In addition, where the total reserve 
coupon for the final Interest Period is greater than zero, the total reserve coupon will be applied to reduce 
the Redemption Amount of the Securities (subject to the application of any floor applied to such 
Redemption Amount). 
This may mean that, for certain interest periods, the amount of interest payable will be less than the 
amount of interest which would have been payable had the cap not been applied and, where applicable, 
the Redemption Amount in respect of the Securities may be reduced. 
Global Interest Cap Securities 
Where the Global Interest Cap Securities Provisions are specified to be applicable, the total amount of 
interest payable in respect of the Securities shall not be greater than the cap amount. If, in respect of an 
interest payment date, the total amount of interest paid in respect of the Securities prior to the application 
of the Global Interest Cap Securities Provisions (and, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
FX Performance Securities Provisions) is greater than such amount, the interest amount payable in 
respect of such interest payment date shall be capped such that the total amount of interest payable in 
respect of the Securities in respect of each interest payment date up to (and including) the relevant interest 
payment date does not exceed the cap amount and no further interest will be payable in respect of the 
Securities after such date.  
This will decrease the amount that would have been payable had such cap not been applied and will result 
in no interest being paid in respect of the Securities after the cap has been reached. This will also 
adversely affect the secondary market value of the Securities compared to the value of comparable 
securities in the market which do not have this feature.

--- Page 98 ---
RISK FACTORS 
72 
 
 
Auto Floor Securities 
Where the Securities are Auto Floor Securities, the specified floor will be applied to the actual coupon 
amount determined in respect of the Securities where such actual coupon amount is less than the specified 
floor, but such floor will only be applied to a number of such interest periods up to the specified Initial 
Floorlets Number. Where the actual coupon amount is less than the specified floor for more than such 
number of interest periods during the term of the Securities, the specified floor will not be applied to all 
such actual coupon amounts and this will decrease the amount that would have been payable had such 
floor been applied to all interest periods. 
Auto Cap Securities 
Where the Securities are Auto Cap Securities, the specified cap will be applied to the actual coupon 
amount determined in respect of the Securities where such actual coupon amount is more than the 
specified floor, but such cap will only be applied to a number of such interest periods up to the specified 
Initial Caplets Number. Where the actual coupon amount is more than the specified cap for more than 
such number of interest periods during the term of the Securities, the specified cap will not be applied to 
all such actual coupon amounts. Where a cap is applied, this will decrease the amount that would have 
been payable had such cap not been applied. 
Restructure Interest Rate Securities 
If a Securityholder holding all of the outstanding Securities of a Series of Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities makes a valid request that the Issuer restructure the interest basis relating to such Securities 
and it accepts the Restructure Rate (which may be a fixed, floating or variable rate) proposed by the 
Issuer, the interest basis of such Securities will be changed for the relevant interest period(s) and/or 
interest payment dates. If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a fee may be payable by the 
Securityholder in respect of the relevant restructuring. 
You should note that any Restructure Rate provided by the Issuer will be determined in its discretion 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner and that, as any Restructure Rate may only be accepted at 
the time provided by the Issuer which will be prior to the interest period(s) and/or interest payment dates 
to which it will apply, the Securityholder cannot be certain at the time of acceptance whether such 
Restructure Rate will be higher or lower than the Interest Rate that would otherwise have applied under 
the Securities. 
In addition, in respect of Securities for which there is a Maximum Number of Restructure Rate 
Acceptances, you should also note that it is only possible for a valid Restructure Rate request and a valid 
Restructure Rate acceptance to be given by the Sole Securityholder where the maximum number of 
acceptances has not already been given and that this may already have been given by any prior Sole 
Securityholder(s). 
Securities which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier 
or other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Securities with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of these features or other 
similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do 
not include these features. Any such volatility may have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
Securities may have, at the option of the Issuer, (where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Switcher 
Option" applies), or shall have (where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis" or "Lock-in Change of Interest Basis" applies), more than one interest basis applicable to different 
interest periods and/or interest payment dates. See "Switcher Option" and "Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis and Lock-in Redemption Securities" below. 
Such Securities may also be Floating Rate Securities, Inflation Rate Securities, DIR Inflation Linked 
Securities, CMS Rate Securities, Inverse Floating Rate Securities, Range Accrual Securities, Digital 
Securities, Digital Band Securities, Spread Securities, Volatility Bond Securities, Synthetic Forward Rate 
Securities and/or Previous Coupon Linked Securities (or any combination of the foregoing).

--- Page 99 ---
RISK FACTORS 
73 
 
Any such volatility may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
Switcher Option 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Switcher Option" to be applicable, the Securities may bear interest 
at a rate that converts, at the option of the Issuer, from one specified rate to another specified rate (the 
"Second Rate"). Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary 
market and the market value of such Securities since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when 
it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. The Second Rate may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable securities linked to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
Second Rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Securities. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Securities from one interest basis to another 
interest basis, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Securities concerned. 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis and Lock-in Redemption Securities 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Lock-in Change of Interest Basis" to be applicable for the relevant 
Securities, the interest basis in respect of the Securities will change on the occurrence of one or more 
lock-in event(s) as provided therein. The interest basis that would apply following the occurrence of the 
relevant lock-in event(s) (the "changed interest basis") may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable securities linked to the same reference rate(s). In addition, the changed interest 
basis at any time may be lower than the rates on other Securities. 
A "lock-in event" will occur if, in respect of a lock-in determination date, the specified lock-in reference 
observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: (a) equal to or above the specified lock-in 
barrier, or (b) above the specified lock-in barrier, or (c) equal to or below the specified lock-in barrier, 
or (d) below the specified lock-in barrier. 
A lock-in reference observation may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a Floating Interest 
Rate, (ii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iii) a Spread Interest Rate, (iv) a Relevant Spread Rate, (v) a Spread 
Reference Rate or (vi) an FX Rate.  
A lock-in barrier may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a fixed rate, (ii) a Floating Interest 
Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) a Relevant Spread Rate, (vi) a Spread 
Reference Rate, (vii) an FX Rate, (viii) the sum of more than one rate or (ix) one rate minus another rate. 
In addition, if the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Securities are "Lock-in Redemption Securities", 
the redemption amount payable on redemption of the Securities will be linked to the performance of the 
relevant FX Rate. Therefore, if the value of the Underlying does not move in the anticipated direction, 
the amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could sustain a 
loss (see also "Risks associated with Securities linked to currency exchange rates" above).  
Mandatory early redemption or "autocall"  
If "Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then such Issue Terms will specify what constitutes a "Mandatory Early Redemption Condition" or a 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" and, following the satisfaction of the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Condition and the occurrence of a Mandatory Early Redemption Event or the 
occurrence of a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event, the Securities will be redeemed on the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or 
Early Exit MER Amount, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Issue Terms will become payable 
on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date, provided that, where a "Mandatory Early Redemption 
Coupon" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall also pay the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Coupon on the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment Date in respect of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. No further amount shall be payable in respect of such 
Securities after the Mandatory Early Redemption Date. In this case, you are subject to a reinvestment 
risk, as you may not be able to replace your investment in such Securities with an investment that has a 
similar profile of chances and risks as the relevant Securities. 
If any Securities are redeemed early in accordance with the above, the amount you receive will be limited 
to the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or Early Exit MER Amount, as the case may be, and (if

--- Page 100 ---
RISK FACTORS 
74 
 
 
applicable) the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon irrespective of the value of the relevant 
Underlying(s) or any other reference factor(s) applicable to such Underlying(s). Furthermore, you will 
not benefit from any movement in the price of relevant Underlying(s) other reference factor(s) that may 
occur during the period between the relevant date of early redemption and the maturity date. 
Where the "Rollerball MER Condition" is specified as the Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, the 
Securities will redeem on the mandatory early redemption date in respect of which the relevant rollerball 
reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: (a) equal to or above the specified 
rollerball barrier; or (b) above the specified rollerball barrier; or (c) equal to or below the specified 
rollerball barrier; or (d) below the specified rollerball barrier. 
A rollerball reference observation may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a Floating Interest 
Rate, (ii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iii) a Spread Interest Rate or (iv) an FX Rate. 
A rollerball barrier may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a fixed rate, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) an FX Rate, (vi) the sum of more 
than one rate or (vii) one rate minus another rate. 
Where the "TARN MER Condition" is specified as the Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, the 
Securities will redeem on the mandatory early redemption date on which the total interest payable in 
respect of the Securities (including the interest payable in respect of the interest period ending on or about 
such mandatory early redemption date but without taking into account any excluded interest) is equal to 
or greater than, the TARN Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Unless the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, Early Exit MER Amount 
(together with (if applicable) the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon) is a specified fixed amount and 
such amount is greater than your initial investment in the Securities, then you should note that, unless a 
scheduled minimum redemption amount is specified in all circumstances, then you may lose all or part 
of your investment. 
Securities subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Securities, as set out in General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and any related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their market value. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, the market value of those Securities 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Securities. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. You should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Rate Linked Redemption Securities 
The redemption amount in respect of Rate Linked Redemption Securities is determined by reference to 
either (i) a single rate or (ii) the difference between (or "spread" of) two rates (the "RL Final Level"). 
The RL Final Level may be positive, zero or negative with the result that, where the RL Final Level is 
negative, the Rate Linked Redemption Amount may be less than the amount originally invested in the 
Securities and, subject to any Minimum Redemption Amount, may be zero. A leverage factor may also 
be applied to the RL Final Level which will operate to magnify the effect of the RL Final Level on the 
Redemption Amount, in particular, the effect of any negative value. See also "Risks associated with 
Securities linked to Rates" above. 
Interest Linked Redemption Securities 
Where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Interest Linked Redemption 
Securities and the redemption amount is specified to be the Interest Linked Redemption Amount, the 
redemption amount payable on maturity will be the sum of (i) the principal amount of the Securities plus 
(ii) all the interest amounts determined in respect of the Securities (the "SumAIA"). The SumAIA may 
be a positive or negative value or zero. As such, the resulting redemption amount may be less than the

--- Page 101 ---
RISK FACTORS 
75 
 
value of your investment which will negatively impact the return on your investment. No amounts of 
interest will otherwise be payable in respect of Interest Linked Redemption Securities. 
Risks relating to Securities that are Physical Delivery Securities 
Settlement disruption event and failure to deliver 
In the case of Physical Delivery Securities, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on any date 
specified for the delivery of the relevant Entitlement, settlement will be postponed until the next 
Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event. The Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
in these circumstances may select to deliver the relevant Entitlement in such other commercially 
reasonable manner as it may select or it may pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount in lieu of 
delivering the Entitlement. 
If, in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms and it is impossible or impracticable, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, to deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets where such failure to deliver 
is due to illiquidity in the market for such Relevant Assets, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary 
is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) has the right to pay 
the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount in lieu of delivering some or all of such Relevant Assets 
which are affected by such illiquidity. 
If "Aggregation of Entitlements" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Physical 
Delivery Securities which are held by the same Securityholder will be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Securities and such aggregate Entitlements 
will be rounded down to the nearest Tradeable Amount of the Relevant Asset(s), in such manner as the 
relevant Calculation Agent shall determine. If "Aggregation of Entitlements" is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Entitlement in respect of each Security will be rounded 
down to the nearest whole multiple of the Tradeable Amount of the Relevant Asset(s) in such manner as 
the relevant Calculation Agent shall determine. Amounts of the Relevant Asset less than the Tradeable 
Amount shall not be delivered and no cash or other adjustment will be made in respect of such rounding 
unless "Cash Adjustment" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case, the Issuer 
(where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms) shall pay you a cash amount equal to the value of any such lesser amount. 
Consequently, Securityholders may not receive the Entitlements that they expect to receive, may receive 
less than they would otherwise expect or may receive a cash amount instead. 
Issuer's option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount 
If the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) may, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises securities which 
are not freely tradeable and deliverable, elect either (i) to substitute a Substitute Asset or Substitute 
Assets, as the case may be, for the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, or (ii) not to deliver or procure the 
delivery of the relevant Entitlement or the relevant Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may 
be, to the relevant Securityholders, but in lieu of such delivery to make payment to the relevant 
Securityholders on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) of the Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount. In these circumstances, Securityholders may receive assets which are different to, 
or cash instead of, the assets that they expected to receive. 
Expenses 
All Expenses arising from the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of Physical Delivery Securities shall 
be for the account of the relevant Securityholder.

--- Page 102 ---
RISK FACTORS 
76 
 
 
Expenses in respect of Physical Delivery Securities shall be deducted by the Issuer (where Settlement 
via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary 
(where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) from any 
cash amount owing to you and paid by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) on your behalf or paid by the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
on your behalf by converting such amount of the Relevant Asset(s) due to be delivered as necessary to 
pay the Expenses, as specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. If any 
Expenses are not so paid, you shall be deemed to authorise the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary 
is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) to convert and the 
Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may convert such amount of the Relevant Asset(s) into cash sufficient to cover 
the Expenses in respect of the relevant Security from which the relevant Intermediary shall deduct such 
Expenses. 
Variation of Settlement 
In respect of Physical Delivery Securities, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) has an option to vary settlement in 
respect of such Securities and, in lieu of delivering or procuring delivery of the relevant Entitlement, to 
pay an amount determined to be equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement on the Maturity Date 
or Settlement Date (as applicable). 
In such circumstances, you will not receive any Relevant Assets as the Securities will only be cash settled 
and the redemption amount you receive may be significantly less than your initial investment in the 
Securities. Furthermore, you would not benefit from any increase in the price of the Relevant Assets that 
would have otherwise been deliverable if the Securities had been settled by physical delivery after the 
date of determination of such fair market value. 
Risks relating to Securities that are Dual Currency Securities 
If the Securities are Dual Currency Securities, then amounts payable in respect of the Securities will be 
determined by converting all amounts due under the Securities from the Denomination Currency into the 
Relevant Currency by multiplying such amount by the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant 
specified valuation date. In such circumstances, amounts that you receive in respect of the Securities are 
also linked to the performance of the Underlying which is the exchange rate used for such conversions. 
This will mean that you are exposed to fluctuations in the settlement currency exchange rate which may 
operate to reduce the amounts payable in respect of the Securities and you should therefore also have 
regard to the risk factors relating to Securities linked to a currency exchange rate as set out above (in 
particular the risk factor entitled "Risks associated with Securities linked to currency exchange rates").  
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES AND 
CERTAIN TYPES OF SECURITY AND PRODUCT FEATURES  
The following risk factors relate only to Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates. 
A wide range of Warrants and Exercisable Certificates may be issued under this Base Prospectus. A 
number of these Securities may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set 
out below is a description of the most common features and certain features of Call Warrants, Put 
Warrants, Call Spread Warrants, Put Spread Warrants, Delta One Warrants and Participation Certificates. 
Limitations on Exercise 
Maximum Exercise Number 
If a Maximum Exercise Number is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will have the option 
to limit the number of Warrants exercisable on any date (other than on the final exercise date) to the

--- Page 103 ---
RISK FACTORS 
77 
 
maximum number specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, in conjunction with such limitation, to 
limit the number of Warrants exercisable by any person or group of persons (whether or not acting in 
concert) on such date. In the event that the total number of Warrants being exercised on any date (other 
than the Expiration Date) exceeds such maximum number and the Issuer elects to limit the number of 
Warrants exercisable on such date, a Warrantholder may not be able to exercise on such date all Warrants 
that such Warrantholder desires to exercise. In any such case, the number of Warrants to be exercised on 
such date will be reduced until the total number of Warrants exercised on such date no longer exceeds 
such maximum, such Warrants being selected by the Issuer. Unless otherwise specified in the Conditions 
and/or in the applicable Issue Terms, the Warrants tendered for exercise but not exercised on such date 
may be automatically exercised on the next date on which Warrants may be exercised, subject to the 
same daily maximum exercise limitation and delayed exercise provisions. 
Minimum Exercise Number 
If a Minimum Exercise Number is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Warrantholder must tender, 
or, in the case of automatic exercise, hold, the specified minimum number of Warrants at any one time 
in order to exercise on any Exercise Date and, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if tendering or 
holding a number at any one time greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, such number must be an 
integral multiple of the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms in order to exercise. Thus, 
Warrantholders with fewer than the specified minimum number of Warrants or not having the requisite 
integral multiple will either have to sell their Warrants or purchase additional Warrants, incurring 
transaction costs in each case, in order to realise their investment. Furthermore, holders of such Warrants 
incur the risk that there may be differences between the trading price of such Warrants and the Cash 
Settlement Value (in the case of cash settled Warrants) or the Physical Settlement Value (in the case of 
Physical Delivery Warrants) of such Warrants. 
Time Lag after Exercise or Early Termination 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in the case of any exercise or termination of 
cash settled Warrants, there may be a time lag between the Actual Exercise Date or the Early Termination 
Event, as the case may be, and the time the applicable Cash Settlement Amount (including, in the case 
of Fixed Rate Warrants, accrued interest) relating to such exercise or the Early Termination Amount 
relating to such Early Termination Event, as the case may be, is determined. Any such delay will be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms or the applicable Conditions. However, a delay in such 
determination could be significantly longer than anticipated, particularly in the case of either a delay in 
the exercise of Warrants arising from any daily maximum exercise limitation or the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day or a Market Disruption Event (if applicable) or following the imposition of any exchange 
controls or other similar regulations affecting the ability to obtain or exchange any relevant currency (or 
basket of currencies) in the case of Currency Warrants or following the occurrence of a Realisation 
Disruption Event. Any such delay could decrease the relevant Cash Settlement Amount of the Warrants 
being exercised or the Early Termination Amount relating to the relevant Early Termination Event from 
what it might otherwise have been and may result in such Cash Settlement Amount or Early Termination 
Amount, as the case may be, being zero. Warrantholders will not be compensated in respect of any such 
delay and it will not be possible to withdraw Exercise Notices in respect of Warrants which have been 
exercised. 
In relation to Physical Delivery Warrants, there will be a time lag between the Actual Exercise Date or 
the Early Termination Event, as the case may be, and the time the relevant Entitlement is delivered. Any 
such delay will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or the Conditions. However, a delay in delivery 
could be significantly longer, particularly in the case of either a delay in the exercise of Warrants arising 
from any daily maximum exercise limitation or upon due determination by the Calculation Agent that a 
Settlement Disruption Event occurred at any relevant time. The value of the assets comprising the 
relevant Entitlement could increase or decrease during this period and could result in the value of the 
relevant Entitlement being less than any applicable Exercise Price or possibly zero. Warrantholders will 
not be compensated in respect of any such delay and it will not be possible to withdraw Exercise Notices 
in respect of Warrants which have been exercised. 
Variation of Settlement 
If, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of any Warrants 
represented by a Global Security indicate that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of

--- Page 104 ---
RISK FACTORS 
78 
 
 
any Actual Exercise Date relating to such Warrants, the Issuer may elect (1) not to pay the relevant 
Warrantholders the relevant Cash Settlement Amount, but to deliver or procure delivery of the relevant 
Entitlement or (2) not to deliver or procure delivery to the relevant Warrantholders of the relevant 
Entitlement, but to make payment of the relevant Cash Settlement Amount. 
Exempt Warrants may, if so specified and provided for in the applicable Pricing Supplement, allow 
Warrantholders to elect for settlement by way of cash payment or by way of physical delivery or, in the 
case of Exempt Warrants, by such other method of settlement as is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. The rights of a Warrantholder as described in this paragraph may be subject to the Issuer's 
right to vary settlement if, in the case of Exempt Warrants, so indicated in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and will be subject, in certain circumstances, to the Issuer's right to substitute assets or to 
pay the Alternate Cash Amount (as defined below) in lieu of physical delivery in accordance with the 
Conditions.  
Subject to, and as further detailed in the terms thereof, the Issuer and a Warrantholder may have certain 
options to vary settlement in relation to APAC Participation Certificates and APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates. See also "APAC Participation Certificates" and "APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates" below. 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount 
If Warrants (other than Gilt Warrants) are represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered WEC Security, 
a Regulation S Global Registered WEC Security or a Combined Global Registered WEC Security, the 
Issuer may, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case 
may be, relating to an Actual Exercise Date or an Early Termination Event, as the case may be, comprises 
securities which are not freely tradeable, elect either (i) to substitute a Substitute Asset or Substitute 
Assets, as the case may be, for the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets relating to such Actual Exercise 
Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the 
relevant Entitlement or the relevant Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, to the 
relevant Warrantholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant Warrantholders on the 
relevant Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, of the Alternate Cash 
Amount. In these circumstances, Warrantholders may receive assets which are different to, or cash 
instead of, the assets that it expected to receive. 
Settlement Disruption Event and Failure to Deliver 
In the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on any date 
specified for the delivery of the relevant Entitlement, settlement will be postponed until the next 
Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event. The Issuer in these 
circumstances may select to deliver the relevant Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable 
manner as it may select or (in respect of Warrants other than Gilt Warrants) it may pay the Disruption 
Cash Settlement Price in lieu of delivering the Entitlement. 
If, in relation to Physical Delivery Index Linked Warrants, Share Linked Warrants, Depositary Receipt 
Linked Warrants, ETF Linked Warrants or Mutual Fund Linked Warrants "Failure to Deliver" is 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and it is impossible or impracticable, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, to deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets or Substitute Assets, 
as the case may be, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for such Relevant 
Assets or Substitute Assets, the Issuer has the right to pay the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price in lieu 
of delivering some or all of such Relevant Assets or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, which are 
affected by such illiquidity. 
Subject as provided below, Physical Delivery Warrants which are either (i) exercised at the same time 
by the same Warrantholder or (ii) held by the same Warrantholder at the time of early termination 
following the occurrence of an Early Termination Event will be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Warrants. Such aggregate Entitlements will be 
rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset(s) (or, if applicable, of the Substitute 
Asset(s)), in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that aggregation of Entitlements does not apply, the Entitlement 
in respect of each Warrant will be rounded up or down (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) to the

--- Page 105 ---
RISK FACTORS 
79 
 
nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset(s), (or, if applicable, of the Substitute Asset(s)), in such manner 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Fractions of the Relevant Asset(s) (or, if applicable, of the Substitute Asset(s)), will not be delivered and 
no cash or other adjustment will be made in respect thereof except that if "Cash Adjustment" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall 
pay to the relevant Warrantholder a cash amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the value of such 
fraction. 
Consequently, Warrantholders may not receive the Entitlement, the Relevant Assets or the Substitute 
Assets that they expect to receive, may receive less than they would otherwise expect or may receive a 
cash amount instead.  
Early Termination 
If the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies that Early Termination applies, Warrants may be 
terminated early by the Issuer following the occurrence of an Early Termination Event. Details of the 
Early Termination Event will be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In these circumstances, 
Warrantholders may receive less than they would expect to receive on the Settlement Date. 
As further detailed in the terms thereof and under "APAC Participation Certificates" and "APAC 
Convertible Bond Participation Certificates" below, the Issuer has the option to terminate APAC 
Participation Certificates and the APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates early. 
Exercise Expenses and Taxes 
A Warrantholder shall pay all Exercise Expenses relating to Warrants held by such Warrantholder. This 
may have an adverse effect on the overall return on any Warrants. 
Exercise Expenses in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants shall either be paid to the Issuer by the 
relevant Warrantholder or deducted by the Issuer from any cash amount owing to such Warrantholder 
and paid by the Issuer on behalf of the Warrantholder or paid by the Issuer on behalf of such 
Warrantholder by converting such amount of the Entitlement as necessary to pay the Exercise Expenses, 
as specified by the Warrantholder in the relevant Exercise Notice. If any Exercise Expenses are not so 
paid, the relevant Warrantholder shall be deemed to authorise the Issuer to convert and the Issuer may 
convert such amount of the Entitlement into cash sufficient to cover the Exercise Expenses in respect of 
the relevant Warrant from which the Issuer shall deduct such Exercise Expenses. 
Exercise Expenses include all Taxes and/or expenses including any depositary charges, transaction or 
exercise charges, which the Calculation Agent determines may or would be, or would have been incurred: 
(i) in connection with the exercise and/or termination of the Warrant and/or any payment or delivery in 
respect thereof and (ii) if "Hedging Taxes" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, by 
the Issuer or any Affiliate had such entity unwound or varied any underlying related hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Warrant. Investors should refer to the definitions of Taxes and the terms 
and conditions of the Warrants and Exercisable Certificates to understand the nature and extent of 
amounts deductible as Exercise Expenses. 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment 
which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any Warrant by any 
person and all payments and/or deliveries made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. Certain 
amounts in respect of taxes may be accounted for retrospectively such that a payment to the then-current 
Warrantholder may be subject to an amount in respect of taxes relating to a prior payment that was made 
in respect of the Warrants. 
Listing of Warrants 
In respect of Warrants which are to be listed on a stock exchange, the Issuer shall use all reasonable 
endeavours to have such Warrants approved for listing on the relevant stock exchange and to maintain 
such listing so long as any of such Warrants are outstanding, PROVIDED THAT (a) if it is impracticable 
or unduly burdensome to maintain such listing due to changes in listing requirements occurring after the 
issue date of the relevant Warrants or (b) if the maintenance of the listing of such Warrants has become

--- Page 106 ---
RISK FACTORS 
80 
 
 
unduly onerous for any reason whatsoever, as further described in General Condition 22 (Listing of 
Warrants) of the General Conditions of the Warrants and Exercisable Certificates, then the Issuer may 
apply to the relevant stock exchange to de-list such Warrants from such stock exchange in accordance 
with the rules of the relevant Stock Exchange, PROVIDED THAT it shall use all reasonable endeavours 
to obtain and maintain as soon as reasonably practicable after such de-listing an alternative admission to 
listing, trading and/or quotation of the relevant Warrants by an "appropriate stock exchange" (as defined 
in the Conditions) within or outside the European Union, as it may decide. 
If, in the opinion of the Issuer, such admission to listing, trading and/or quotation on an appropriate stock 
exchange is not available or if obtaining or maintaining such admission would be, in the opinion of the 
issuer, unduly burdensome, the Issuer shall not be required to obtain such admission and shall have no 
further obligation to obtain or maintain any listing, trading and/or quotation for the relevant Warrants. In 
these circumstances, any de-listing may adversely affect the liquidity of the Warrants. 
Risks Relating to Renminbi Warrants 
Warrants settled in Renminbi ("Renminbi Warrants") may be issued under this Base Prospectus. 
Renminbi Warrants contain particular risks for potential investors, including: 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are still significant restrictions on remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of investments in Renminbi 
Warrants. 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The government of 
the PRC (the "PRC Government") continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign 
currencies. 
Although starting from 1 October 2016, the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights 
basket created by the International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People's 
Bank of China (the "PBOC") in 2018, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to 
gradually liberalise control over cross border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that any pilot schemes 
for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will 
not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of 
Renminbi into or outside the PRC. Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future 
which have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for 
payment of transactions categorised as capital account items, then such remittances will need to be made 
subject to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Warrants. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of 
Renminbi Warrants and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi 
Warrants. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross border Renminbi fund flows, 
the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Warrants. 
To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the Renminbi 
Warrants, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, 
if at all. If Renminbi is not available in certain circumstances as described in the Conditions applicable 
to Renminbi Warrants, the Issuer can make payments in U.S. dollars or other specified currencies as set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Investment in Renminbi Warrants is subject to exchange rate risks. 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time 
and is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many 
other factors. All payments with respect to Renminbi Warrants will be made in Renminbi unless 
otherwise specified in the terms and conditions of the Warrants. As a result, the value of these Renminbi 
payments in other foreign currency terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace.

--- Page 107 ---
RISK FACTORS 
81 
 
If the value of Renminbi depreciates against other foreign currencies, the value of investment in other 
applicable foreign currency terms will decline. 
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of RMB 
Inconvertibility, RMB Non-Transferability or RMB Illiquidity (as defined in the Conditions), it is 
impossible, impractical, illegal or impracticable for the Issuer (or, if applicable, any party to a Hedging 
Position), to pay or deliver any amounts or assets due in Renminbi, the Conditions allow the Issuer to 
delay such payment in Renminbi until a specified time after the relevant RMB Disruption Event ceases 
to exist or to make payment in U.S. dollars or other specified foreign currency at the prevailing spot rate 
of exchange, all as provided in more detail in the Conditions. As a result, the value of these Renminbi 
payments or deliveries may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of 
Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of a holder's 
investment in U.S. dollar or other foreign currency terms will decline. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Warrants will only be made to investors in the manner specified in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Warrants. 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi 
clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the RMB Settlement Centre(s). All Renminbi 
payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Warrants will be made solely for so long as the 
Renminbi Warrants are represented by a Regulation S Global Security or a Combined Global Security 
held by a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any alternative clearing 
system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the RMB Settlement Centre(s) in 
accordance with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures. Other than 
described in the Conditions, neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor can be required to make 
payment by any other means (including in any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by 
transfer to a bank account in the PRC). Warrantholders that are unable to comply with these conditions 
may not be able to receive amounts payable under the Warrants and, in these circumstances, may lose 
their entire investment. 
An investment in Renminbi Warrants is subject to risk of change in the regulatory regime governing the 
issuance of Renminbi Warrants. 
Renminbi Warrants issuance is subject to laws and regulations of the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
and any change in the Chinese government's policy or the regulatory regime governing the issuance of 
RMB-settled instruments may adversely affect the Renminbi Warrants. 
Fixed Rate Warrants 
Investment in Fixed Rate Warrants involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Warrants, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Warrants. 
Call Warrants 
If (i) the relevant Underlying is not a Rate or in the case of a Basket of Underlyings none of the 
Underlyings are Rates, (ii) the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying(s), subject to deduction of any 
Commission if an amount is specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, is greater than the Exercise 
Price, and (iii) in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify 
otherwise, then the Warrants will be "in the money" and a Warrantholder will receive the difference 
between such Settlement Price, less any relevant Commission, and the Exercise Price, multiplied by the 
Nominal Amount, and all multiplied by any applicable multiplier. The value of the Warrants is expected 
to increase if the value of the relevant Underlying(s) increase (and vice versa). 
Where Payment of Dividends is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Warrantholder 
will receive an amount (if any) in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
equal to the Dividend Percentage of the sum of all relevant gross cash dividends declared by the relevant 
Share Company in relation to one Share where the ex-date and the date on which Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited (or any successor to it or Affiliate of it) receives or is deemed to receive such dividends 
falls during the period from (but excluding) the Trade Date to (and including) the relevant Exercise Date,

--- Page 108 ---
RISK FACTORS 
82 
 
 
multiplied by any applicable multiplier. No amounts in respect of dividends will be paid during the term 
of the Warrants and, if no relevant dividends have been received or deemed to be received as provided 
above, then no amount in respect of dividends shall be paid on the Settlement Date. The value of the 
Warrants is expected to increase if dividends are declared and paid (and vice versa). 
If "Averaging" applies, then if the arithmetic mean Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying(s) for all 
the Averaging Dates, subject to deduction of any Commission if an amount is specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, is greater than the Exercise Price, then the Warrants will be "in the money" and 
a Warrantholder will receive the difference between such arithmetic mean Settlement Price, less any 
relevant Commission, and the Exercise Price, multiplied by the Nominal Amount, and all multiplied by 
any applicable multiplier. The value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value of the relevant 
Underlying(s) increase (and vice versa). 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Underlyings which are not Rates, the Settlement Price is 
determined by reference to the sum of the values of each such Underlying. The Underlyings in the basket 
are weighted and positive performance of some Underlyings may be negated by negative performance 
of other Underlyings (and vice versa). 
If the relevant Underlying is a Rate or Basket of Rates and the sum of (i) Settlement Price and (ii) the 
relevant Margin is greater than the Strike specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Warrants will 
be "in the money" and a Warrantholder will receive the difference between (i) the sum of the Settlement 
Price and the Margin and (ii) the Strike, multiplied by the Nominal Amount, multiplied by any applicable 
multiplier, and all multiplied by the any applicable Rates Day Count Fraction.  
In respect of Warrants linked to a single Rate, the value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the 
value of the Underlying increases (and vice versa). 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Rates, the Settlement Price is determined by subtracting the 
Official Closing Level of one rate ("Rate 2") from the other rate ("Rate 1") in the basket. As such, the 
value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the difference between Rate 1 and Rate 2 increases (and 
vice versa). 
The Cash Settlement Amount may be subject to a cap or a floor and may, in any event, be less than the 
amount of an investor's initial investment and the Warrants may expire worthless. 
Put Warrants 
If (i) the relevant Underlying is not a Rate or in the case of a Basket of Underlyings none of the 
Underlyings are Rates, (ii) the Exercise Price is greater than the Settlement Price of the relevant 
Underlying(s), subject to addition of any Commission if an amount is specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and (iii) in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify 
otherwise, then the Warrants will be "in the money" and a Warrantholder will receive the difference 
between such Exercise Price and Settlement Price, plus any relevant Commission, multiplied by the 
Nominal Amount, and all multiplied by any applicable multiplier. The value of the Warrants is expected 
to increase if the value of the relevant Underlying(s) decrease (and vice versa). 
Where Payment of Dividends is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount (if any) 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the Dividend Percentage 
of the sum of all relevant gross cash dividends declared by the relevant Share Company in relation to one 
Share where the ex-date and the date on which Citigroup Global Markets Limited (or any successor to it 
or Affiliate of it) receives or is deemed to receive such dividends falls during the period from (but 
excluding) the Trade Date to (and including) the relevant Exercise Date (multiplied by any applicable 
multiplier) will be deducted from the Cash Settlement Amount. No amounts in respect of dividends will 
be paid during the term of the Warrants and, if no relevant dividends have been received or deemed to 
be received as provided above, then no amount in respect of dividends shall be so deducted on the 
Settlement Date. The value of the Warrants is expected to decrease if dividends are declared and paid 
(and vice versa). 
If "Averaging" applies, then if the Exercise Price is greater that the arithmetic mean Settlement Price of 
the relevant Underlying(s) for all the Averaging Dates, subject to addition of any Commission if an 
amount is specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Warrants will be "in the money" and

--- Page 109 ---
RISK FACTORS 
83 
 
a Warrantholder will receive the difference between the Exercise Price and arithmetic mean Settlement 
Price, plus any relevant Commission, multiplied by the Nominal Amount, and all multiplied by any 
applicable multiplier. The value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value of the relevant 
Underlying(s) decrease (and vice versa). 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Underlyings which are not Rates, the Settlement Price is 
determined by reference to the sum of the values of each such Underlying. The Underlyings in the basket 
are weighted and negative performance of some underlyings may be negated by positive performance of 
other Underlyings (and vice versa). 
If the relevant Underlying is a Rate or Basket of Rates and the Strike specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms is greater than the sum of (i) the Settlement Price and (ii) the relevant Margin, then the Warrants 
will be "in-the-money" and a Warrantholder will receive the difference between (i) the Strike and (ii) the 
sum of the Settlement Price and the Margin, multiplied by the Nominal Amount, multiplied by any 
applicable multiplier, and all multiplied by the any applicable Rates Day Count Fraction.  
In respect of Warrants linked to a single Rate, the value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the 
value of the Underlying decreases (and vice versa). 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Rates, the Settlement Price is determined by subtracting the 
Official Closing Level of Rate 2 from Rate 1. As such, the value of the Warrants is expected to increase 
if the difference between Rate 1 and Rate 2 decreases (and vice versa). 
The Cash Settlement Amount may be subject to a cap or a floor and may, in any event, be less than the 
amount of an investor's initial investment and the Warrants may expire worthless. 
Call Spread Warrants 
If the relevant Underlying is not a Rate or in the case of a Basket of Underlyings none of the Underlyings 
are Rates, and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify 
otherwise, the Cash Settlement Amount is determined as the Issue Price of the Warrants multiplied by 
the Spread and further multiplied by any applicable Multiplier. 
If the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) increases above the specified Upper Strike, the Spread 
will be floored at the specified Fixed Percentage and the Cash Settlement Amount will therefore also be 
floored or, if the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) decreases below the Lower Strike, the Spread 
will be capped at the difference between the Upper Strike and the Lower Strike and the Cash Settlement 
Amount will therefore also be capped. 
If the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) is between the Upper Strike and the Lower Strike, the 
value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) decreases. 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Underlyings which are not Rates, the Underlyings in the basket 
are weighted and positive performance of some Underlyings may be negated by negative performance 
of other Underlyings (and vice versa). 
If the relevant Underlying is a Rate or Basket of Rates, and the sum of (i) Settlement Price and (ii) the 
relevant Margin is greater than the Strike specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Warrants will 
be "in the money" and, a Warrantholder will receive the difference between (i) the sum of the Settlement 
Price and the Margin and (ii) the Strike (such calculation being subject to the Cap and Floor specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms), multiplied by the Nominal Amount, multiplied by any applicable multiplier, 
and all multiplied by the any applicable Rates Day Count Fraction.  
Subject to the relevant Cap and Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of Warrants 
linked to a single Rate, the value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value of the Underlying 
increases (and vice versa). 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Rates, the Settlement Price is determined by subtracting the 
Official Closing Level of Rate 2 from Rate 1. As such, and subject to the relevant Cap and Floor specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the difference between 
Rate 1 and Rate 2 increases (and vice versa).

--- Page 110 ---
RISK FACTORS 
84 
 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount may be less than the amount of an investor's initial investment and the 
Warrants may expire worthless. 
Put Spread Warrants 
If the relevant Underlying is not a Rate or in the case of a basket of Underlyings none of the Underlyings 
are Rates, and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify 
otherwise, the Cash Settlement Amount is determined as the Issue Price of the Warrants multiplied by 
the Spread and further multiplied by any applicable Multiplier.  
If the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) decreases below the specified lower Strike, the Spread 
will be floored at the specified Fixed Percentage and the Cash Settlement Amount will therefore also be 
floored or, if the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) increases above the Upper Strike, the Spread 
will be capped at the difference between the Upper Strike and the Lower Strike and the Cash Settlement 
Amount will therefore also be capped. 
If the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) is between the Upper Strike and the Lower Strike, the 
value of the Warrants is expected to decrease if the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) increases. 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Underlyings which are not Rates, the Underlyings in the basket 
are weighted and positive performance of some Underlyings may be negated by negative performance 
of other Underlyings (and vice versa). 
If the relevant Underlying is a Rate or Basket of Rates and the Strike specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms is greater than the sum of (i) the Settlement Price and (ii) the relevant Margin, then the Warrants 
will be "in the money" and a Warrantholder will receive the difference between (i) the Strike and (ii) the 
sum of the Settlement Price and the Margin (such calculation being subject to the Cap and Floor specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms), multiplied by the Nominal Amount, multiplied by any applicable 
multiplier, and all multiplied by the any applicable Rates Day Count Fraction.  
Subject to the relevant Cap and Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of Warrants 
linked to a single Rate, the value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value of the Underlying 
decreases (and vice versa). 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Rates, the Settlement Price is determined by subtracting the 
Underlying Closing Level of Rate 2 from Rate 1. As such, and subject to the relevant Cap and Floor 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the difference 
between Rate 1 and Rate 2 decreases (and vice versa). 
The Cash Settlement Amount may be less than the amount of an investor's initial investment and the 
Warrants may expire worthless. 
Delta One Warrants 
If the Exercise Price is less than the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying(s) and if, in the case of 
Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, then the Warrants will 
be "in the money" and a Warrantholder will receive the quotient of the Settlement Price and the Exercise 
Price, multiplied by the Nominal Amount. The value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value 
of the relevant Underlying(s) increases and, conversely, the value of the Warrants is expected to decrease 
if the value of the relevant Underlying(s) decreases.  
If "Averaging" applies, then if the Exercise Price is less than the arithmetic mean of the Settlement Price 
of the relevant Underlying(s) for all Averaging Dates, then the Warrants will be "in the money" and a 
Warrantholder will receive the quotient of the Settlement Price and the Exercise Price, multiplied by the 
Nominal Amount. The value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value of the relevant 
Underlying(s) increases, and, conversely, the value of the Warrants is expected to decrease if the value 
of the relevant Underlying(s) decreases.  
If the Warrants are linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Settlement Price is determined by reference to 
the sum of the values of each such Underlying. The Underlyings in the basket are weighted and negative 
performance of some Underlyings may be negated by positive performance of other Underlyings (and 
vice versa).

--- Page 111 ---
RISK FACTORS 
85 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount may be subject to a cap or a floor and may, in any event, be less than the 
amount of an investor's initial investment and the Warrants may expire worthless. 
Long/Short Warrants 
Amounts payable in respect of the Warrants are linked to a comparison of the performance of one basket 
of Underlyings (the "Long Underlyings") against the performance of a different basket of Underlyings 
(the "Short Underlyings").  
If the weighted average price of the relevant Long Underlyings falls or rises less in comparison to the 
weighted average value of the Short Underlyings and/or the amount of any net dividends/distributions 
paid in respect of the Long Underlyings is not as great as the gross dividends/distributions paid in respect 
of the Short Underlyings, the Cash Settlement Amount payable in respect of each such Warrant may be 
less than the issue price of such Warrant. 
The Warrants are linked to baskets of Underlyings and the cash settlement amount is determined by 
reference to the weighted average of the prices of the Underlyings in the relevant basket. However, the 
Underlyings may not be equally weighted in the relevant basket. Therefore, the negative performance of 
some Long Underlyings and/or the positive performance of some Short Underlyings may 
disproportionately adversely affect the amount of the Cash Settlement Amount (and vice versa). 
If the price of any Underlying or any dividend/distribution received in respect of any Underlying is an 
amount in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, such price or amount received shall be 
converted from the currency in which it is quoted/paid into the currency of the Warrants. Therefore, 
fluctuations in such currency exchange rate will affect the value of the Warrants and amounts due in 
respect thereof. 
The Warrants may be terminated early at the option of the Issuer if at any time the bid level of the 
Warrants as determined by the Calculation Agent is equal to or less than a specified barrier by payment 
of an amount determined by the calculation agent as the difference between the sum of the actual or 
notional weighted average net sale prices of the Long Underlyings (less a commission) and the sum of 
the actual or notional weighted average gross purchase price of the Short Underlyings (plus a 
commission) PLUS the difference between the net dividends/distributions received in respect of the Long 
Underlyings and the gross dividends/distributions received in respect of the Short Underlyings. 
Credit Linked Warrants 
Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined herein or in the General Conditions shall have the 
meaning given in the Notional Transaction. Credit Linked Warrants will only be issued by Citigroup 
Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A..  
Investment Returns (if any) 
Investors should note that Credit Linked Warrants are linked to a Notional Transaction, which is a 
hypothetical credit default swap or index linked swaption (or such other transaction as is specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) in relation to the specified Reference Entity or Reference Entities (and 
any Successor thereto) which the Issuer is deemed to have entered into on the issue date with the swap 
counterparty specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement (which may be a hypothetical market 
counterparty), under which the Issuer is in the position of the credit protection Seller or Swaption Seller 
and the hypothetical market counterparty is in the position of credit protection Buyer or Swaption Buyer, 
as applicable. 
In respect of a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single Name 
CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the terms of the Warrants are designed to 
reflect the credit exposure of the protection Buyer under the Notional Transaction (as set forth in the 
Notional Transaction). Accordingly if an Event Determination Date does not occur and/or no Auction 
Settlement Amount or Cash Settlement Amount, as applicable, is notionally payable under the Notional 
Transaction, no amounts will be payable on exercise of the Warrants and investors will lose their entire 
investment. 
In respect of a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index Swaption 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the terms of the Warrants are designed to reflect the credit exposure

--- Page 112 ---
RISK FACTORS 
86 
 
 
of the Swaption Buyer under the Notional Transaction (as set forth in the Notional Transaction). 
Accordingly, if the unwind value of the Notional Transaction on the Exercise Date of the Warrants is 
out-of-the-money for the Swaption Buyer, no amounts will be payable on exercise of the Warrants and 
investors will lose their entire investment. 
Investors in Credit Linked Warrants shall be deemed to have fully understood the provisions of the 
Notional Transaction and, in particular, the fact that whether anything will be payable on exercise of the 
Warrants is dependent on, in respect of a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is 
specified to be a Single Name CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, whether an 
Auction Settlement Amount or a Cash Settlement Amount, as applicable, is notionally payable under the 
Notional Transaction or, in respect of a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified 
to be an Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the unwind value of the Notional 
Transaction on the relevant date. 
Credit Exposure 
As a result of the performance of the Warrants being dependent (amongst other things) on whether or not 
a Credit Event occurs and whether an Event Determination Date occurs or the unwind value of the Index 
Swaption (taking into account the occurrence of any Credit Event), Warrantholders will be exposed to 
changes in the credit risk of the relevant Reference Entity or Reference Entities. Credit risk refers to the 
risk that an entity may fail to perform its payment obligations under a transaction when they are due to 
be performed as a result of a deterioration in its financial condition. This is a risk for the other companies 
or parties which enter into transactions with the entity or in some other way have exposure to the credit 
of the entity. The likelihood of a Credit Event occurring in respect of a Reference Entity will generally 
fluctuate with, among other things, the financial condition of the Reference Entity, together with general 
economic conditions, the conditions of certain financial markets, political events, developments or trends 
in particular industries and changes in prevailing market rates. 
If during the life of the Warrants a Reference Entity is able perform its payment obligations and an Event 
Determination Date does not occur with respect to such Reference Entity, investors may lose their entire 
investment. 
Determinations under the Notional Transaction to be made by the Calculation Agent 
Investors should note that (other than to the extent described under "Trigger Notice" below) they will 
have no discretion to make determinations, deliver notices, or dispute determinations, in each case in 
relation to the Notional Transaction, where a party acting as buyer under an actual market standard credit 
default swap transaction or swaption transaction referencing the Reference Entity might have such rights. 
The terms of the Notional Transaction provide for Seller, Buyer or the calculation agent in respect of the 
Notional Transaction (the "Swap Calculation Agent") to make a number of determinations, calculations 
or elections (including, without limitation, in respect of the valuation of Reference Obligations and the 
selection of Dealers for such purposes, the identification of any successor Reference Entity or substitute 
Reference Obligation and the occurrence of any Event Determination Date following the occurrence of 
a Credit Event pursuant to the terms of the Notional Transaction). Where the Notional Transaction 
provides for a determination, calculation or exercise of a discretion to be made by Buyer, Seller or the 
Swap Calculation Agent, such determination, calculation or exercise of a discretion, as the case may be, 
will be made by (i) in the case of Buyer, the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, (ii) in the case of Seller, the Calculation Agent acting in its sole and absolute 
discretion, or (iii) in the case of the Swap Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent acting in its sole and 
absolute discretion. In making any determination pursuant to (ii) above in its capacity as Seller under the 
Notional Transaction, the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute discretion, is under no 
obligation to consider the interests of the Warrantholders and shall have no duties or responsibilities and 
shall not be liable to Warrantholders or any other party in exercising such discretions and making such 
determinations and calculations. 
If the right to exercise the Movement Option applies under the Notional Transaction, both Buyer and 
Seller will be deemed to have delivered an effective Notice to Exercise Movement Option under the 
Notional Transaction on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. The effect of this will be that 
Buyer's Notice to Exercise Movement Option will prevail.

--- Page 113 ---
RISK FACTORS 
87 
 
If a Restructuring Credit Event occurs, the Notional Transaction may be settled in a partial amount of 
less than the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount but such partial amount may be higher than the 
amount specified by the relevant Warrantholder in the Trigger Notice delivered by it as the Calculation 
Agent will be deemed to be instructed to deliver a Credit Event Notice in respect of the highest Exercise 
Amount specified in any Trigger Notice received at or prior to the time the Threshold Percentage (as 
defined below) is achieved. 
In the event that a Credit Event occurs, but the Calculation Agent does not deliver a Credit Event Notice 
and a Notice of Publicly Available Information under the Notional Transaction and an Event 
Determination Date does not otherwise occur following the delivery of a Trigger Notice, no amounts will 
be payable on exercise of the Warrants in respect of such Credit Event and investors may lose their entire 
investment. 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and 
the Warrantholders in relation to such determinations, calculations or exercises of discretions pursuant 
to the Notional Transaction which may influence the amount payable (if any) on exercise of the Warrants. 
Trigger Notice 
Investors should note that if Buyer would have the right to deliver a Credit Event Notice under the 
Notional Transaction, an Event Determination Date will only occur under the Notional Transaction if 
one or more Warrantholders who together hold the percentage of Warrants specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement (the "Threshold Percentage") deliver valid Trigger Notice(s) describing the 
relevant Credit Event and containing such information with respect thereto as the Calculation Agent 
determines constitutes Publicly Available Information. In such circumstances, all the relevant Warrants 
will be exercised and receive a pro rata share of the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) under the Notional 
Transaction, notwithstanding that not all Warrantholders may have wanted an Event Determination Date 
to occur. 
If Buyer would have the right to deliver a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice under the Notional 
Transaction and the Trigger Notice is delivered on or prior to the day falling 12 calendar days after the 
Scheduled Termination Date of the Notional Transaction, the Calculation Agent will only deliver a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice under the Notional Transaction if one or more 
Warrantholders who together hold the Threshold Percentage of outstanding Warrants deliver valid 
Trigger Notice(s) in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, together with such information 
with respect thereto as the Calculation Agent determines constitutes Publicly Available Information. 
Potential conflicts of interests may exist between the Calculation Agent and the Warrantholders in 
relation to the Calculation Agent's determination as to Publicly Available Information which may 
influence the amount (if any) payable on exercise of the Warrants. 
Nature of Synthetic Credit Exposure 
An investment in Credit Linked Warrants does not constitute a purchase or other acquisition or 
assignment of any interest in any obligation of the Reference Entity. None of any Warrantholder, the 
Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor will have recourse against the Reference Entity with respect to the 
Warrants. None of the holders of the Warrants or any other entity will have any rights to acquire from 
the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor any interest in any obligation of the Reference Entity. 
Holders of the Warrants will not have rights equivalent to those of a holder of the obligations of the 
Reference Entity. For example, if a Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of the Reference Entity, 
a Warrantholder, unlike a direct holder of the Reference Entity's obligations, will have no right to 
challenge or participate in any element of the restructuring. 
Reference Entity Information 
Warrantholders will not have the right to obtain from the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor any 
information in relation to any Reference Entity or any information regarding any obligation of any 
Reference Entity. The Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor will not have any obligation to keep the 
Warrantholders informed as to matters arising in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, including 
whether or not circumstances exist under which there is a possibility of the occurrence of a Credit Event.

--- Page 114 ---
RISK FACTORS 
88 
 
 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor the applicable Pricing Supplement will provide any information on the 
creditworthiness or the likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to any relevant 
Reference Entity. Each prospective investor is advised to make its own assessment of the likelihood of 
the occurrence of a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, particularly in relation to Credit Linked 
Warrants where the Notional Transaction is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to be a Single 
Name CDS or an Index CDS as no amounts will be payable on exercise of the Warrants if no Event 
Determination Date occurs. 
Exposure to Reference Entity and Obligations 
A Warrant does not represent a claim against any Reference Entity or in respect of any obligation of such 
Reference Entity and, as set out above, a Warrantholder will not have recourse under a Warrant to such 
Reference Entity. Neither the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Agent or any other person on their 
behalf makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the credit quality of any Reference 
Entity or any obligations of any such Reference Entity. Each of such persons may have acquired, or 
during the term of the Warrants may acquire, confidential information with respect to a Reference Entity 
or the Obligations of such Reference Entity. No such person is under any obligation to make such 
information available to Warrantholders. 
None of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Agent or any of their respective affiliates have undertaken 
any investigation of any Reference Entity for or on behalf of any investor in the Warrants. 
Business Relationships 
Each of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and their respective affiliates may have 
existing or future business relationships with each other or any Reference Entity (including, but not 
limited to, lending, depository, derivative counterparty, risk management, advisory and banking 
relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that it deems necessary or appropriate to protect its 
interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Warrantholder. Furthermore, the 
Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and their respective affiliates may buy, sell or hold 
positions in obligations of, or credit protection in relation to, any Reference Entity or may act as 
investment or commercial bankers, advisers or fiduciaries to, or hold directorship and officer positions 
in any such entity. 
Adjustment Events 
If an Adjustment Event occurs, the Issuer may, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, (i) require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as 
the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the event and determine the 
effective date of the adjustment, or (ii) terminate or cancel the Warrants. 
If an Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and it occurs, the 
Issuer may, in addition to (i) and (ii) above, require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to 
the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to pass onto 
Warrantholders the increased cost of hedging which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, 
reducing any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Warrants or reducing the 
number of Relevant Assets which would otherwise be deliverable under the Warrants. 
The Issuer and/or its Affiliates may, but has no obligation to, enter into and/or maintain hedging 
arrangements to hedge its obligations in respect of the Warrants. 
Such adjustments to the terms of the Warrants may have an adverse effect on the value of such Warrants. 
In relation to Credit Linked Warrants, the following are Adjustment Events: a Credit Linked Adjustment 
Event and (if specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
EMEA Participation Certificates and LATAM Participation Certificates 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Certificates are EMEA Participation Certificates or 
LATAM Participation Certificates, the Issue Price of such Certificates will reflect the value of the Shares 
on the relevant trade date and the Final Settlement Amount payable in respect of such Certificates will

--- Page 115 ---
RISK FACTORS 
89 
 
be linked to the performance of the relevant Share Company. An investment in the Certificates provides 
Certificateholders with a return calculated by reference to the relevant Shares of the Share Company 
(each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
Therefore, if the average price, official closing price or volume weighted average price, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, of the relevant Shares falls below the value of the Shares on the relevant 
trade date, the Final Settlement Amount payable in respect of each such Certificate may be less than the 
Issue Price of such Certificate.  
The Certificates represent an indirect exposure to the value of the Shares and Certificateholders are, 
subject to due exercise of the relevant Certificates, entitled to receive payments which are calculated by 
reference to net dividends and amounts in respect of certain corporate actions that would be received by 
a holder of the Shares and to a Final Settlement Amount on the Final Settlement Date that is calculated 
by reference to the average price, official closing price or volume weighted average price, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, of the Shares, in each case, multiplied by any relevant multiplier. 
Certificateholders are not by virtue thereof the holders of the Shares and do not have any right to receive 
any information, to exercise voting rights or to receive dividends directly from the Share Company. 
If a cash dividend is paid or a stock dividend or rights issue occurs and the Certificates are duly exercised 
by the relevant Certificateholder, the Dividend Amount or Corporate Action Amount, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, will be paid to Certificateholders.  
Where the relevant Shares are quoted in a currency other that the Settlement Currency, then the value of 
the relevant Shares and amounts paid in respect thereof shall be converted from the currency in which 
they are denominated into the Settlement Currency of the Certificates. In such circumstances, fluctuations 
in such currency exchange rate will affect the value of the Certificates and amount(s) due in respect 
thereof. 
Saudi Participation Certificates 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Certificates are Saudi Participation Certificates, the 
Issue Price of such Certificates will reflect the value of the Shares on the relevant trade date (converted 
into U.S.$) and the Final Settlement Amount payable in respect of such Certificates will be linked to the 
performance of the relevant Share Company. An investment in the Certificates provides 
Certificateholders with a return calculated by reference to the relevant Shares of the Share Company 
(each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms).  
Therefore, if the traded price of the relevant Shares falls below the value of the Shares on the relevant 
trade date, the Final Settlement Amount (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) payable in respect 
of each such Certificate may be less than the Issue Price of such Certificate.  
The value of the relevant Shares and amounts paid in respect thereof shall be converted from the Local 
Currency into USD and, therefore, fluctuations in such currency exchange rate will affect the value of 
the Certificates and amount(s) due in respect thereof. 
The Certificates represent an indirect exposure to the value of the Shares and Certificateholders are, 
subject to due exercise of the relevant Certificates entitled to receive payments which are calculated by 
reference to net dividends that would be received by a holder of the Shares and to a Final Settlement 
Amount that is calculated by reference to the price of the Shares. Certificateholders are not by virtue 
thereof the holders of the Shares and do not have any right to receive any information, to exercise voting 
rights or to receive dividends directly from the Share Company.  
The Issuer may, but has no obligation to, enter into and/or maintain hedging arrangements to hedge its 
obligations in respect of the Certificates. In the event that the Issuer does enter into such hedging 
transactions, the Issuer will not hedge the Certificates by investing in the Shares directly but may enter 
into indirect hedging arrangements which conform to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia CMA Board of 
Commissioners resolution number 2-28-2008 as amended by resolution number 3 10 2010, such as cash 
settled swap transactions.  
Investors should note that, notwithstanding that ownership of the relevant Certificates may have changed, 
any Cash Settlement Amount or the Final Settlement Amount may be subject to adjustment as determined 
by the Calculation Agent for amounts either (i) withheld for tax reasons from the dividends relating to

--- Page 116 ---
RISK FACTORS 
90 
 
 
any Cash Settlement Amounts previously paid in respect of the Certificates that are later found not to be 
owed to, or are refundable from, the applicable local authority or (ii) which are required to be paid in 
relation to the dividends relating to any previously paid Cash Settlement Amounts (due to local taxes) in 
addition to any other amounts in respect of Local Taxes that were taken into account in determining any 
previously paid Cash Settlement Amounts PROVIDED THAT no Cash Settlement Amount or Final 
Settlement Amount shall be less than zero. Therefore, whether the "adjustment" is positive or negative, 
it is the holder at the relevant time of payment who is subject to such adjustment. 
Therefore, investors purchasing Certificates in the secondary market should note that any amounts 
payable by the Issuer in respect of the Certificates after such secondary market purchase may be subject 
to increases or decreases in respect of Local Taxes deducted or not deducted fully from amounts paid to 
a previous Certificateholder. 
APAC Participation Certificates 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Certificates are APAC Participation Certificates, the 
Issue Price of the Certificates will reflect the value of the Shares on the relevant trade date and, if the 
Certificates are cash settled Certificates, the Cash Settlement Amount payable in respect of such 
Certificates will be linked to the performance of the relevant Share Company and, if the Certificates are 
physical settlement Certificates, the assets deliverable will be the relevant Shares. A Certificateholder 
will only have the option to elect for physical settlement if the applicable Issue Terms specify that a 
holder has the right to vary settlement in respect of the Certificates. 
Therefore, if the traded price of the relevant Shares falls below the value of the Shares on the relevant 
trade date, the Cash Settlement Amount (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) payable or, as the 
case may be, the value of the Shares deliverable in respect of each such Certificate may be less than the 
Issue Price of such Certificate.  
The Certificates represent an indirect exposure to the value of the Shares and Certificateholders are 
entitled to receive payments which are calculated by reference to dividends that would be received by a 
holder of the Shares and, subject to due exercise of the relevant Certificates, to a Final Settlement Amount 
that is calculated by reference to the sale price of the Shares, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or, on physical settlement, to receive the Shares. Certificateholders are not by virtue thereof the holders 
of the Shares and do not have any right to receive any information, to exercise voting rights or to receive 
dividends directly from the Share Company.  
In addition to the other early termination provisions and as described below, the Certificates have (i) an 
optional early termination right for the Issuer and (ii) an additional optional early termination right for 
the Issuer if the Certificates are Indian Participation Certificates or China Participation Certificates or 
Taiwan Participation Certificates and any holder breaches certain regulatory acknowledgements, 
representations, warranties and/or undertakings and, in such circumstances, the Issuer may terminate or 
cancel all or some only of the Certificates but where, in the determination of the Issuer, it is practicable, 
the Issuer shall only terminate or cancel the Certificates of the Certificateholder that has breached or is 
in breach of such regulatory acknowledgements, representations, warranties and/or undertakings. 
Therefore, a Certificateholder may have their Certificates terminated or cancelled early if another 
Certificateholder breaches the applicable regulatory acknowledgements, representations, warranties 
and/or undertakings. In such circumstances, the Issuer will determine if the Certificates are cash settled 
certificates or physical delivery certificates. If the Certificates are terminated early, the Issuer's 
obligations shall be discharged by payment of the final settlement amount or delivery of the relevant 
entitlement, as the case may be. 
Where the relevant Shares are quoted in a currency other that the Settlement Currency, then the value of 
the relevant Shares and amounts paid in respect thereof shall be converted from the currency in which 
they are denominated into the Settlement Currency of the Certificates. In such circumstances, fluctuations 
in such currency exchange rate will affect the value of the Certificates and amount(s) due in respect 
thereof.  
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Underlying RMB Disruption Event is applicable, then 
the currency of the Shares shall be Renminbi. In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to 
the extent that, by reason of Underlying RMB Inconvertibility, Underlying RMB Non-Transferability or 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity (as defined in the Conditions), it is impossible, impractical, illegal or

--- Page 117 ---
RISK FACTORS 
91 
 
impracticable for the Issuer (or, if applicable, any party to a Hedging Position), to pay or deliver any 
amounts or assets due (regardless of whether the Settlement Currency is also Renminbi), the Conditions 
allow the Issuer to delay such payment and/or delivery or to terminate the Certificates early by payment 
of the early termination amount, all as provided in more detail in the Conditions. As a result, the value 
of the Certificate may be more volatile and a holder may receive payment or delivery later than the 
scheduled date therefor. Investors in such Certificates should also read "Risks Relating to Renminbi 
Warrants" above as, whilst the Certificates may not be settled in RMB, similar considerations apply. 
APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Certificates are APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates, the issue price of the Certificates will reflect the value of the relevant debt 
securities on the relevant trade date and, if the Certificates are cash settled certificates, the final settlement 
amount payable in respect of such Certificates will be based on the value of the relevant Debt Securities 
and, if the Certificates are physical settlement certificates, the assets deliverable will be the relevant Debt 
Securities. A Certificateholder will only have the option to elect for physical settlement if the applicable 
Issue Terms specify that a holder has the right to vary settlement in respect of the Certificates. 
Therefore, if the traded price of the relevant Debt Securities falls below the value of the Debt Securities 
on the relevant trade date, the final settlement amount payable or, as the case may be, value of the Debt 
Securities deliverable in respect of each such Certificate may be less than the issue price of such 
Certificate.  
The Certificates represent an indirect exposure to the value of the relevant Debt Securities and 
Certificateholders are entitled to receive payments which are calculated by reference to net coupon 
payments that would be received by a holder of the relevant Debt Securities and, subject to due exercise 
of the relevant Certificates, to a final settlement amount that is calculated by reference to the sale price 
of the relevant Debt Securities or, on physical settlement, to receive relevant Debt Securities, each as set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms. Certificateholders are not by virtue thereof the holders of the Debt 
Securities or the Shares and do not have any right to receive any information, to exercise voting rights or 
to receive coupons directly from the Securities Issuer. 
The value of the relevant Debt Securities and amounts paid in respect thereof shall be converted from the 
local currency in which they are denominated into the settlement currency for payments in respect of the 
Certificates. Therefore, fluctuations in such currency exchange rate will affect the value of the 
Certificates and amounts due in respect thereof 
In addition to the other early termination provisions and as described below, the Certificates have (i) an 
optional early termination right for the Issuer and (ii) an additional optional early termination right for 
the Issuer where the Certificates are Indian Participation Certificates or China Participation Certificates 
or Taiwan Participation Certificates and any holder breaches certain regulatory acknowledgements, 
representations, warranties and/or undertakings and, in such circumstances, the Issuer may terminate or 
cancel all or some only of the Certificates but where, in the determination of the Issuer, it is practicable, 
the Issuer shall only terminate or cancel the Certificates of the Certificateholder that has breached or is 
in breach of such regulatory acknowledgements, representations, warranties and/or undertakings. 
Therefore, a Certificateholder may have their Certificates terminated or cancelled early if another 
Certificateholder breaches the applicable regulatory acknowledgements, representations, warranties 
and/or undertakings. In such circumstances, the Issuer will determine if the Certificates are cash settled 
certificates or physical delivery certificates. If the Certificates are terminated early, the Issuer's 
obligations shall be discharged by payment of the final settlement amount or delivery of the relevant 
entitlement, as the case may be. 
If the Debt Securities are redeemed and/or converted in whole or in part prior to their stated maturity 
date, following a redemption or conversion in full or a partial redemption or conversion where the 
Calculation Agent determines that such redemption or conversion has affected the hedging arrangements 
of the Issuer and/or its affiliates, the Issuer may either (i) in respect of a redemption or conversion in full, 
terminate or cancel the Certificates and either (a) pay an amount equal to the redemption proceeds or the 
value of the shares received following the relevant redemption or conversion or (b) where specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, deliver Conversion APAC Participation Certificates relating to the shares 
received following the relevant conversion or (ii) in respect of a partial redemption or conversion either 
(a) pay an amount equal to the redemption proceeds or the value of the shares received following the

--- Page 118 ---
RISK FACTORS 
92 
 
 
relevant redemption or conversion or (b) where specified in the applicable Issue Terms, deliver 
Conversion APAC Participation Certificates relating to the shares received following the relevant 
conversion and, in any such case, determine the appropriate adjustment (if any) to be made to the 
Conditions to reflect such payment or delivery. 
If an event relating to the credit of the relevant Securities Issuer occurs (being any one or more of a 
bankruptcy, a failure to pay, an acceleration or default in respect of obligations of the Securities Issuer 
or a repudiation/moratorium, restructuring or governmental intervention in relation to obligations of the 
Securities Issuer), the Certificates may be terminated early at the option of the Issuer by payment of an 
amount determined as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the issuer of the Debt Securities makes a material change to the terms of the Debt Securities, the Issuer 
may require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment to the terms of the Certificates 
to account for such change and determine the effective date of such change. 
The Certificateholders may elect to exercise a conversion option. If such election is made by a 
Certificateholder and if the Calculation Agent is or would be permitted in accordance with all applicable 
laws and regulations to convert the Debt Securities into shares on accordance with the terms of the Debt 
Securities and the Issuer is or would be able to issue and/or deliver Conversion APAC Participation 
Certificates in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and its internal policies and 
procedures, each Certificate will entitle its holder to receive a number of Conversion APAC Participation 
Certificates linked to the relevant shares. If the Calculation Agent is not or would not be able to so convert 
the debt securities or the Issuer is not or would not be able to so issue and/or deliver the Conversion 
APAC Participation Certificates, such exercise shall be deemed to be null and void. 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
Credit risk of the Reference Entity 
Investors should note that a holder of a Credit Linked Note will be exposed to the credit of one or more 
Reference Entities, which exposure shall be, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, to the 
full extent of their investment in such Credit Linked Note or, in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, to the extent that the aggregate losses exceed the 
"attachment point". Upon the occurrence of any specified Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, with 
respect to any Reference Entity, investors may suffer significant losses at a time when losses may be 
suffered by a direct investor in obligations of such Reference Entity. However, the holding of a Credit 
Linked Note may not reflect the impact of investing in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses in 
relation to the Credit Linked Notes could be considerably greater than would be suffered by a direct 
investor in the obligations of a Reference Entity and/or could arise for reasons unrelated to such 
Reference Entity. In addition, the terms of the deliverable obligations of Reference Entities may not be 
standard, and holders of that debt may therefore incur additional losses that are not reflected in the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes. This is of greater force in the case where the Reference Entity is a 
sovereign. There are no common set of rules or practices that governs the manner in which a sovereign 
government, faced with deterioration in its fiscal position or the performance of its economy, may attempt 
to reach resolution with holders of its debt obligations. Due to, amongst other factors, the role of 
governments and international organisations as creditors, the ability of a sovereign to enact legislation 
that may affect holders of its debt obligations, and the role played by other governments, including those 
of the jurisdictions in which private creditors are located, the development of events is inherently 
unpredictable. As a result, specified Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, may not encompass all 
the circumstances in which holders of a sovereign Reference Entity's obligations may suffer credit-related 
losses. 
Legal risks 
Investors should note that a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may occur even where (i) the 
Reference Entity/underlying obligor lacks capacity to enter into any obligation, (ii) there is any actual or 
alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any obligation or (iii) the 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, results from (a) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree 
or notice or change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body or (b) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital 
restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority.

--- Page 119 ---
RISK FACTORS 
93 
 
In such circumstances, investors should note that they will bear the legal risks since the occurrence of a 
Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, will result in an early redemption of their Credit Linked 
Notes, in full or in part. 
Jurisdictional differences and assessment of Reference Entity 
There can be less publicly available information about certain Reference Entities particularly where the 
laws in the jurisdiction of the Reference Entity do not subject the Reference Entity to reporting 
requirements. Furthermore, certain Reference Entities are subject to accounting, auditing and financial 
reporting standards that may differ from those applicable in other jurisdictions, and the relevant ways in 
which the legal regime of a Reference Entity operates can result in differences in outcomes across various 
jurisdictions. The differences highlighted herein may make it more difficult to make an accurate 
assessment of the creditworthiness of certain Reference Entities, and these differences may have a 
significant effect on the recovery on an underlying debt obligation in the event of bankruptcy or 
reorganisation of a Reference Entity. For example, once a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding has 
commenced under the laws of certain jurisdictions, it may not be permissible to trade or accelerate the 
debt of the relevant issuer.  
In making any assessment with respect to the creditworthiness of any Reference Entity or the Reference 
Entity generally, investors should also take into account, amongst other factors, (i) the name of the 
Reference Entity given that there can be confusion among market participants with respect to similarly 
named entities within a corporate group or failure to monitor any recent name changes or Successors 
identified with respect to a particular Reference Entity, (ii) the obligor on any referenced obligation and 
its capacity, to the extent relevant for any Credit Linked Note, (iii) the characteristics of any obligation 
referenced such as whether it is senior or subordinated, senior non preferred, freely transferrable, secured 
or unsecured, a bond, loan or a payment obligation not related to borrowed money which may either meet 
or fail to meet certain requirements specified in the Credit Linked Note relevant to either the occurrence 
of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, or redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as 
applicable and (iv) where there are multiple Reference Entities, whether each Reference Entity is 
weighted equally or whether some Reference Entities have greater weightings than others given a 
Reference Entity's weighting with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Note determines the portion of 
the principal amount of the Credit Linked Note that is attributable to that Reference Entity. The above 
factors are related to, and may affect, the creditworthiness of the relevant Reference Entity(ies) which, 
in turn, may impact the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes and therefore, such factors are 
important and should be taken into consideration when making a decision whether to invest in the Credit 
Linked Notes.  
Actions of Reference Entities 
A Reference Entity (which could be the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one of their affiliates) could take 
certain actions (e.g. merger, demerger or the repayment or transfer of indebtedness) without having 
regard to any investor's interest. A Reference Entity may have an incentive to structure a transaction to 
produce a particular result for example, in order to induce holders of its debt obligations to take certain 
actions. In some cases, a Reference Entity may repay its outstanding liabilities or assign them to a 
different entity in a manner that does not give rise to the determination of a Successor to the Reference 
Entity. In such cases, with respect to that Reference Entity, there may no longer be any deliverable 
obligations (a circumstance commonly referred to as an "orphaning"), which may result in there being 
no appropriate Deliverable Obligations for an Auction to be determined with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity or Physical Redemption to be effected. Such actions could affect the value of and return 
on such Credit Linked Notes in a manner that was not originally contemplated by investors. 
Historical performance may not predict future performance 
Investors should note that the historical performance of a Reference Entity or similar entities is not 
indicative of its future performance and, accordingly, if contrary to historical performance, a Credit Event 
or a Risk Event occurs, the Credit Linked Note may early redeem.  
Concentrated credit risk where Reference Entities are concentrated in the same sectors or regions 
The credit risk to investors in the Credit Linked Notes, which are credit-linked to multiple Reference 
Entities may be increased, amongst other things, as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in

--- Page 120 ---
RISK FACTORS 
94 
 
 
a particular industry sector or geographic area, or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar 
financial or other risks as other Reference Entities. 
Although at the Issue Date or Trade Date, as applicable, investors in Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
and Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes will have exposure to a single Reference Entity, 
investors should note that the risk factors set out above will equally apply to such Credit Linked Notes 
when multiple successors are identified in accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Impact of a Credit Event or Risk Event on principal and interest 
If "2014 Reference Entity" applies, following a Credit Event which is a Governmental Intervention or 
certain Restructuring Credit Events, an Asset Package Credit Event may occur and the amount of 
principal payable may be determined based on the value of a package of assets which a relevant 
obligation of a Reference Entity has been converted into or exchanged for (which may be worth 
significantly less than the principal amount of such original obligation of such Reference Entity or, where 
such original obligation has been expropriated for no compensation, may be zero). Prospective investors 
in such Credit Linked Notes should be aware that depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive no 
or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets 
may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment. 
The occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in relation to any Reference Entity from 
time to time may result in either full or partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which shall depend on whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit 
Payment Following Credit Event" applies (and additionally, in the case of Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, whether "Redemption in Part" or "Redemption in Full" applies) and any recovery (which 
could be zero) or any incurred recovery amounts (to the extent that such recovery falls within the tranche 
to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed 
to (as applicable)) will be payable to the investor but the investor shall be exposed to all incurred losses 
(to the extent that such losses fall within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)), which will reduce its principal 
redemptions. Where "Physical Redemption" applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes based on the delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of 
the affected Reference Entity, which may have a market value which is substantially less than their 
nominal amount. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, investors should note that interest will cease to accrue on a specified portion of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes as set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes depending 
on whether "Interest Accrual on Default" or "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable 
Issue Terms.  
If "No Interest Accrual on Default" is applicable, interest will cease from the Interest Payment Date or 
LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable or where there is no Interest Payment Date or 
LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date. If "Interest Accrual on Default" 
is applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the first Business Day immediately following the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. In such case, 
interest shall accrue on the affected applicable proportion from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
or LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable (or where there is no Interest Payment 
Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date) to (and 
including) the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable. With respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Principal Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event 
Writedown Date, being the business day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date.  
The Issuer may also suspend interest in certain circumstances where (a) an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question or a CE Resolution Notice, as applicable, has been submitted in respect of which a DC

--- Page 121 ---
RISK FACTORS 
95 
 
Resolution has not been published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved 
whether it will convene a meeting to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question or the matters 
described in the CE Resolution Notice, as applicable, or (b) where the Calculation Agent has determined 
that a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event 
Notice, as applicable, has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders. In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Issuer would suspend the maximum amount of interest payable assuming 
(i) the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, had occurred, (ii) in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring 
or Restructuring, as applicable, as though no partial exercise occurred and (iii) where the amount to be 
withheld requires calculation of any recovery amount, a fixed recovery of zero per cent. applies. Such 
suspension of interest shall be effected although no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date has actually occurred.  
Investors should be aware that payment of any interest wrongly suspended will be repayable in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes and where insufficient interest has 
been suspended (the absolute value of such interest shortfall constituting the Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount), such Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount shall be claimed by the Issuer from any future 
amount(s) payable or assets Delivered upon the redemption or, where applicable, write down in full of 
the relevant Credit Linked Notes (whether at maturity or upon early redemption). The Issuer however 
shall have no further claims against any investors for any Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount which 
cannot be deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient). 
Interest (if applicable) shall continue to be suspended until the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee makes the relevant announcements or the Calculation Agent determines that 
no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can 
occur. In such circumstances, investors should note that they may not receive any interest for multiple 
Interest Periods.  
Interest will otherwise continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of the Credit Linked Note 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, to and excluding the 
earlier to occur of any full redemption at Scheduled Maturity Date or any relevant early redemption. 
Where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Credit Linked Notes 
in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount at the funding interest rate. 
Exposure to Credit Events and successions prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date 
The Credit Event Backstop Date represents the first day of the credit protection period for a Series of 
Credit Linked Notes. The default position under the Credit Linked Conditions is for the Credit Event 
Backstop Date to be determined on a rolling basis by reference to a look-back period of 60 calendar days 
from the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or the effective date of the Credit Event Notice, as 
applicable. Investors should accordingly note a Credit Event occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue 
Date may result in a Credit Event being triggered under such Credit Linked Notes. Investors should also 
note that this will not be the case where the terms of the Credit Linked Notes expressly specify the Credit 
Event Backstop Date as the Trade Date or the Issue Date. Credit Linked Notes may also be exposed to 
Successor determinations in respect of events occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date as, where 
"2014 Reference Entity" applies, the Credit Linked Notes have a similar backstop date (referred to as 
"Successor Backstop Date" where "2014 Reference Entity" applies and "Succession Event Backstop 
Date" where "2003 Reference Entity" applies), which is a look-back period of 90 calendar days prior to 
the date of a request to convene the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (or, if 
applicable, the effective date of a notice to the investor describing the relevant succession) is applicable 
for the purposes of any Successor determination. In both cases, investors should note that a Credit Event 
or succession that occurred prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date could affect the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes. In respect of a Series of Credit Linked Notes to which "2014 Reference Entity" applies, where on 
or after 1 January 2014, an entity assumes all of the obligations (including at least one relevant obligation) 
of a Reference Entity which is not a sovereign, in circumstances where a Reference Entity has ceased to 
exist, or is in the process of being dissolved and has not issued or incurred any borrowed money 
obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption (such entity, a "Universal 
Successor"), the look-back period of 90 calendar days will not apply. 
Investors should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to any Reference 
Entity(ies) by consulting publicly available information. If, prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date, a 
request to convene a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to determine whether a Credit Event

--- Page 122 ---
RISK FACTORS 
96 
 
 
or Successor determination has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity has been made, details of 
such 
request 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
DC 
Secretary's 
webpage 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). If a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not been convened to determine such matter as of the Trade Date or Issue 
Date, investors should note that one may still be convened after the Trade Date or Issue Date in respect 
of an event that has occurred which occurs up to 60 days (in the case of a Credit Event), 90 days (in the 
case of the determination of a Successor) or any time (in the case of the determination of a Universal 
Successor, where applicable) before the date of a request to convene such Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to make the relevant determinations. Equally, Credit Events and successions 
may occur but where issues are not raised within the requisite time period to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to qualify for a Credit Event or a qualifying succession, the events will not 
impact the relevant Credit Linked Notes, subject to any further actions undertaken by the Calculation 
Agent (where applicable).  
Successors 
Investors should note that, from time to time, the Reference Entity may be subject to change following 
the determination of any successors to the Reference Entity, and the creditworthiness of such successors 
may have an impact on the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes.  
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aware of the relevant succession (but, where "2003 Reference Entity" applies, no earlier than 
14 calendar days after the legally effective date of the relevant succession event), the sovereign or entity, 
if any, that qualifies as the successor. The Credit Linked Conditions provide that if a Reference Entity 
has more than one successor, the Calculation Agent shall amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, 
without consent of the investors, to reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more 
than one successor and for the purposes of calculation, the affected notional representing such Reference 
Entity will be divided equally among the successors. Following such determination, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and 
interest will accrue on such amount in accordance with the adjustments determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner to reflect the economic effects of the 
identification of more than one successor, considered in the aggregate. Investors should note that the 
Credit Linked Note may reference substantially different credit risks following the determination of one 
or more successors. These credit risks could potentially be greater or lesser than the credit risk of the 
original Reference Entity. Investors should also be aware that the determination of a successor will not 
necessarily result in the assumption of that obligation by the successor either at all or in the same 
proportion as the allocation of the notional amount of the original Credit Linked Note. Such changes to 
the Credit Linked Notes could adversely impact the value of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Volatile prices 
The market price of Credit Linked Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, 
(i) the actual or perceived creditworthiness and credit ratings of each Reference Entity and any guarantors 
or other supporters of its relevant obligations, (ii) expected rates of recovery on obligations of the 
Reference Entity, (iii) actions of a Reference Entity and its principal creditors, (iv) the nature of each 
Reference Entity's outstanding indebtedness, including its maturity and subordination structure and any 
guarantees or other support that the Reference Entity has provided to other entities, (v) the contractually 
specified credit-related events with respect to a Reference Entity that may trigger settlement of the Credit 
Linked Notes, (vi) optionality that a party may have, such as the ability to select the obligations of a 
Reference Entity that will be delivered or valued or to decide whether or not to trigger settlement, (vii) 
correlation among the credit spreads and/or default probabilities of the components of a basket or index, 
if applicable, (viii) market liquidity, (ix) the time remaining to the maturity or (x) economic, financial, 
political and regulatory or judicial events or conditions that affect a Reference Entity or its outstanding 
obligations, or the market for Credit Linked Notes or related financial markets, including credit spreads 
in the market. Such volatility could impact on the market value of the Credit Linked Notes.  
Market liquidity 
Various factors may affect the market liquidity for the Credit Linked Notes. Future regulation of Credit 
Linked Notes could limit market liquidity. In respect of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note or an 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, certain tenors of the relevant Index referenced by the relevant Credit

--- Page 123 ---
RISK FACTORS 
97 
 
Linked Note may be more liquid than others. The market liquidity of an Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Note or Index Tranched Credit Linked Note may also vary significantly between the current series of the 
relevant Index referenced by the relevant Credit Linked Note and prior series. The market liquidity of 
instruments based on a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entities will generally be less than that of 
instruments linked to standardised indices and terms. The market liquidity of a single-name Reference 
Entity may be affected by the Reference Entity's inclusion or exclusion from a standardised index, with 
exclusion from an index generally expected to result in diminished market liquidity. 
In addition, Credit Linked Notes with terms that differ from trading conventions may have substantially 
less market liquidity and price transparency. Consequently, market liquidity could vary during the term 
of a Credit Linked Note and will affect the value of such Credit Linked Note. There is no assurance that 
the Issuer, Dealer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates will be able to provide prices with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes or that a secondary market can develop with respect to the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may make announcements, determinations and 
resolutions which may have an adverse impact on the value of, and return on, Credit Linked Notes. The 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees make determinations that are relevant to the majority of 
the credit derivatives market and to promote transparency and consistency. 
In making any determination with respect to a Credit Event, Risk Event or a succession date, the 
Calculation Agent may have regard to announcements, determinations and resolutions made by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. In certain circumstances (including, without limitation, 
the determination of the occurrence of an "Event Determination Date"), the Credit Linked Notes will 
be subject to the announcements, determinations and resolutions of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. Such announcements, determinations and resolutions could adversely 
impact the quantum and timing of payments of interest and principal on the Credit Linked Notes. 
Investors have no role in respect of the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees  
Noteholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
A separate criterion will apply to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees ("DC Member"), and Noteholders will have no role in 
establishing such criteria. In addition, the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees will change from time to time as the term of a member institution may expire or a member 
institution may be required to be replaced. Noteholders will have no control over the process for selecting 
institutions to participate on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees given the process is 
governed by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules (the "DC Rules"). To the extent 
provided for in the Credit Linked Notes, the determinations of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees (for example, whether or not a Credit Event has occurred) which will impact the return on 
the Credit Linked Notes will be final and binding with respect to specific matters set out in the terms and 
conditions of the Credit Linked Notes, where relevant. 
Investors will not be notified of deliberations and resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
Notices of issues submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, meetings convened to 
deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
DC 
Secretary 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). Neither the Issuer, Dealer, 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall be obliged to inform investors of such updates 
as published from time to time. Investors should carefully monitor the matters under consideration by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and their determinations as such determinations may 
affect an investor's rights under the Credit Linked Notes. 
Notwithstanding that an investor may be unaware of information relating to determinations of a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee as published on the DC Secretary's website, this will not impact 
any redemptions, reductions in interest write-downs or determinations made by the Calculation Agent 
and/or Issuer.

--- Page 124 ---
RISK FACTORS 
98 
 
 
Investors will have no recourse against any of the institutions serving (which could include the Issuer, 
the Dealer or the Calculation Agent) on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees or the 
external reviewers 
DC Members (which could include the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates) do not owe any duty to Noteholders to refer specific questions to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. Noteholders will be prevented from pursuing legal claims with respect to 
actions taken by such DC Member in its capacity as such under the DC Rules. DC Members have no 
duty to investigate, supplement or verify the accuracy of information on which a determination is based. 
In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are not obligated to follow previous 
determinations or to apply principles of interpretation such as those that might guide a court in 
interpreting contractual provisions. Therefore, investors should be aware that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee could reach a conflicting determination for a similar set of facts, which may 
impact the Credit Linked Notes in a manner that was not originally contemplated by investors.  
Requirement for publicly available information 
The Credit Linked Notes may specify that only publicly available information regarding a relevant event 
may be used to trigger or modify the transaction. The Credit Linked Conditions contain standards as to 
what constitutes publicly available information. If a Credit Event, Risk Event or a succession occurs, 
amongst other events, but the requisite public information about the event is not available within the 
applicable time periods, then the event will not take effect under the Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should note that in certain circumstances it may be difficult to verify the occurrences of certain 
Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, as a party in possession of such information which may 
evidence such Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may be contractually prohibited from disclosing 
information to another party by virtue of any credit agreement or other agreement with the Reference 
Entity, any underlying obligor, any affiliate of the Reference Entity or of the underlying Obligor or such 
party may be bound by or subject to a confidentiality obligation or agreement whereby the required 
information for verification may not be capable of disclosure without breaching such confidentiality 
undertakings. Accordingly, there may be circumstances when a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, 
may not be capable of trigger under the Credit Linked Notes due to lack of publicly available information. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the Trade Date and Issue Date, 
including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the public filings of the Reference 
Entity or the value of the underliers, will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any 
such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning an issuer could 
adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes, its usefulness for any investor's intended purpose, 
and the timing or amount of payments or deliveries. 
Risks associated with Auction Redemption following a Credit Event  
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then the amounts payable 
under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined on the basis of the final price determined pursuant to 
the auction procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (then available 
at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website)). In respect of specified 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, provided that the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee determines that an applicable auction will be held, an auction final price determination date 
will occur. Credit losses determined pursuant to a market auction process may be greater or less than the 
losses which would have been determined in the absence of the auction. In particular, the auction process 
may be affected by technical factors or operational errors, which would not otherwise apply or may be 
the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. The administrator(s) specified in the auction settlement 
terms conduct auctions. Investors are subject to the risk that where a final price is determined in 
accordance with an auction, this may result in a lower recovery value than an obligation of the Reference 
Entity would have had if such final price had been determined pursuant to alternative methods. In 
addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may amend the form of auction settlement 
terms for a particular auction. The DC Rules provide for certain amendments by resolution of a convened 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Other amendments may be made subject to a public 
comment period; however, the DC Rules permit the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
forego a public comment period by supermajority action. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the

--- Page 125 ---
RISK FACTORS 
99 
 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction will be on similar terms to the form 
of auction settlement terms or the terms of previous auctions. 
Where the only relevant Credit Event is a restructuring, several concurrent but separate auctions may 
occur with respect to the Reference Entity and such Credit Event. The auction settlement amount may be 
based on the price of one or more obligations of the Reference Entity having a final maturity date different 
from the restructured obligation. 
Although auctions can generally be expected to be held for Reference Entities that are widely traded in 
the credit markets, there can be no assurance that an auction will be held for future Credit Events or that, 
if held, the auction will result in the determination of an auction final price. If an auction is not held or 
fails to result in the determination of an auction final price (as might occur if an auction is cancelled by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee due, for example, to an inability to obtain the requisite 
number of initial bids) and if "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, 
then the "Fallback Redemption Method" shall apply which, depending on the nature of the Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed, may be cash redemption, or physical redemption. In such circumstances of cash 
redemption, the final price will be determined pursuant to the valuation method specified in the Credit 
Linked Notes.  
Investors should carefully assess and understand the elections specified in relation to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes and the circumstances and/or events as described above, which may affect the value of, 
and return on, such Credit Linked Notes. 
Risks relating to physical redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable 
Where "Physical Redemption" or "LA Physical Redemption" applies to Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer 
must select obligations of the Reference Entity that satisfy specified criteria and deliver those obligations 
to the investor in an amount determined in accordance with the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Investors should be aware that physical redemption may not be possible to accomplish under some 
circumstances, including where the Issuer is unable to procure the specified or selected deliverable 
obligation(s) due to market dislocations or prior redemptions or refinancings by the Reference Entity, 
failure to receive necessary transfer consents (such as from a borrower or agent) or delays in receiving 
such consents, or court orders prohibiting transfers of an obligation. In such event, the terms of the Credit 
Linked Notes may provide the Issuer with alternative methods of settlement or permit partial cash 
settlement subject to certain conditions or specify other fallback consequences which may include 
redemption by way of payment of a cash amount. Further, where "Physical Redemption" applies and if 
all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a Noteholder 
is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical Redemption Assets 
at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer will only Deliver the 
portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large a size as possible but 
less than the full Physical Redemption Assets, after consideration of such smallest unit or units of transfer 
and application of rounding. The value of the undelivered obligations will be deemed to be zero and the 
Issuer's obligations to an investor in respect of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged in 
such circumstances.  
Investors should understand the terms of the obligation and applicable securities laws as these may 
restrict their ability to take delivery of Deliverable Obligations. Investors should also note that delivery 
expenses will be taken into account in determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount of the relevant Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered. 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
If "2014 Reference Entity" applies, the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation is 
determined by calculating (i) the amount of all principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity in 
respect of such obligation, minus (ii) any unwind costs, any delivery expenses, any interest suspension 
shortfall amounts and any portion of such principal payment obligations that are subject to a contingency 
(other than certain permitted contingencies) or prohibited action (the amount determined in sub-
paragraph (i) above less any amounts subtracted in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, being the 
"Non-Contingent Amount") and thereafter determining the lowest amount of the claim that could be 
validly asserted against a Reference Entity in respect of such Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation 
was redeemed or accelerated. If "2003 Reference Entity" applies, the outstanding principal balance of a

--- Page 126 ---
RISK FACTORS 
100 
 
 
deliverable obligation will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, and will similarly deduct any unwind costs, any delivery expenses and 
any interest suspension shortfall amounts. Accordingly, if payments of principal are subject to a 
contingency, the outstanding principal balance could be less than the principal balance (and depending 
upon the type of contingency, could even be zero). 
The quantum of the claim will be normally determined in accordance with any applicable law that reduce 
or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation. 
Where the "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)" 
and "Fallback Discounting" both apply and if certain other conditions are met (being (a) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted in accordance with applicable law and 
(b) the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal 
redemption amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable), and in each case, there are no 
provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early 
redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for such Bond or Loan, as applicable), 
the Outstanding Principal Balance would instead be the lesser of (i) the Non-Contingent Amount and (ii) 
an amount determined by straight line interpolation between (A) the issue price of the Bond or the amount 
advanced under the Loan and (B) the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as 
applicable. In such circumstances, prospective investors should note that upon Delivery by the Issuer of 
impacted Deliverable Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, the amount received by the 
investor would potentially be further reduced which could result in an anticipated par claim being treated 
as less than par. 
Delivery of Loans 
Where physical redemption applies and to the extent investors would be required to receive loans as 
deliverable obligations under a Credit Linked Note, investors should be familiar with the documentation 
and settlement practices of the relevant secondary loan trading markets and applicable laws and 
regulations (including the legal consequences of furnishing or receiving non-public information 
regarding a Reference Entity).  
Provisions of the Reference Entity's credit agreements may affect a party's ability to deliver or receive 
loans, the economic consequences of doing so and whether loans meet deliverability criteria. 
Accordingly, investors should review such agreements carefully, including the provisions governing 
assignments, any collateral allocation mechanisms i.e., a mandatory exchange of obligations for other 
obligations under a credit agreement, not all of which may be deliverable and provisions that may require 
or entitle a lender to advance funds. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
Investors should note that a Payment/Delivery Failure Event will occur where certain relevant definitive 
Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes) and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice are not delivered or there is a failure to 
duly execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or before any 
Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or before 
any Delivery Date. In such case, investors should note that the obligations of the Issuer to procure 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and make any payment shall cease until such time, such 
event is cured whereupon deferred delivery shall apply or if "Fallback Cash Redemption" is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms, fallback cash settlement shall apply. Investors will not be entitled to 
any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of such deferred delivery or payment. 
Risks associated with Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption following a Credit Event or Risk 
Event, as applicable 
If "Cash Redemption" or "LA Cash Redemption", as applicable, applies to the Credit Linked Notes, then 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, the Calculation Agent will be 
required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the Reference Entity in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that such obligations may 
no longer exist and no qualifying substitute obligations may have been identified, such quotations may 
not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in 
the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the Reference Entity (for example,

--- Page 127 ---
RISK FACTORS 
101 
 
liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Moreover, the market value of a Reference Entity's 
obligations may be highly volatile in the period following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. 
Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant 
obligation which would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cash 
flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled the disposition of the obligations. Furthermore, 
the price of the selected obligations of the Reference Entity may be deemed to be zero in the event that 
no such quotations are available. Further, valuation of the selected obligations will be determined at a 
particular determination date and as such the recovery price which would be adopted in any loss amount 
or incurred loss amount that would be suffered by an investor following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
or Risk Event, as applicable, will reflect the value of relevant obligations at a given date. As such, the 
exposure to loss suffered by an investor or any principal write-down may be more than that ultimately 
realised by a holder of debt obligations of the Reference Entity, whether by means of enforcement of 
rights following a default or receipt of distributions following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Further, where quotations are sought on an asset package, such asset package may contain assets which 
are hard to value and for which a valuation methodology may not be readily available or suitable, which 
may reduce the value of quotations or the availability of quotations that may otherwise have been 
obtained. Accordingly, investors should note that any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower 
than the value of the relevant obligation (or asset package) which would be determined by reference to 
(for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled 
the disposition of the obligations.  
Fixed Recovery Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption may be subject to a fixed recovery 
price 
If "Fixed Recovery Redemption" or "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" applies to Credit Linked Notes 
and the Credit Event Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is calculated by reference to a fixed 
recovery price of the obligations of a Reference Entity(ies), the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event, as applicable, may result in the recovery being materially lower than the prevailing price of the 
relevant obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. Investors should note that redemption could occur 
with a Fixed Recovery Percentage set at zero per cent. where the Issue Terms specify accordingly.  
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the occurrence of the Cash Redemption 
Date or the Final Cash Redemption Date, the LA Cash Redemption Date or Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes in full. Investors should be aware that where the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, 
the loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no 
redemption amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Noteholders. Investors accordingly will 
bear the loss of their principal. 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver" risk 
Since the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent has discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations to be 
delivered or valued following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in respect of a Reference 
Entity, it is likely that the portfolio of obligations selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity 
with the lowest anticipated market value that are permitted to be selected pursuant to the terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes. This could result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for an investor. 
Obligations of differing maturities, currencies or payment priority (either contractual or under applicable 
insolvency law), among other characteristics, may diverge considerably in market value. Similar 
considerations apply where "Auction Redemption" applies given that the representative transaction that 
is priced in an auction generally allows a choice of deliverable obligations from a final list established 
by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee whereby participating bidders provide two way 
prices. 
Payments of the Credit Linked Notes may be deferred or suspended 
Investors should note that in certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Credit Event has occurred 
and the related credit loss, incurred loss amount or incurred recovery amount (in the case of Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) has not been determined as 
at the relevant Scheduled Maturity Date or the Credit Event Redemption Date may occur after the

--- Page 128 ---
RISK FACTORS 
102 
 
 
Scheduled Maturity Date, (ii) where a potential Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, is determined 
to occur as at the scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked Notes (including Potential Failure to Pay if 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms), (iii) where a DC Credit Event Question has been submitted but the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has not declared a DC Credit Event Announcement, announced 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal (or Resolved not to determine the matters set out in the CE 
Resolution Notice, as applicable), declared a DC No Credit Event Announcement or resolved whether or 
not to convene to resolve any issue or (iv) a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, 
may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery period which may result 
in a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
occurring. In such circumstances, payment of the redemption amount of the Credit Linked Notes and/or 
interest on the Credit Linked Notes may be deferred for a material period in whole or part without 
compensation to an investor. In such circumstances, the Issuer is not obliged to take any action with 
respect to redemption in relation to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and no additional interest shall be 
payable to an investor in connection with such tolling or suspension of payments, including any final 
redemption amount. Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal (or, where applicable, a Resolution not to determine the matters set out in the CE Resolution 
Notice) has occurred, the relevant timing requirements that pertain to settlement that have previously 
tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by 
ISDA or the DC Secretary, as applicable, with the Issuer having the benefit of the full day 
notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
Investors should note that where it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the investor to provide 
account details of its designee) or for a Noteholder to accept payment of (due to an event beyond the 
control of such Noteholder), the obligation of the Issuer to pay any amount scheduled to be paid will be 
postponed until such time that the event no longer exists or is cured but where the event continues to 
exist on the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, no such payment will be made by the Issuer and the Issuer's 
obligations to the investor will be deemed to be fully discharged as of that date. Any postponement or 
deemed discharge of payment will not constitute an Event of Default hereunder (as defined in General 
Condition 11(a) (Events of Default)) and will not entitle the relevant investors to any additional interest 
or other payment as a result thereof. 
Determination of Event Determination Dates and Credit Event Redemption Dates post Scheduled 
Maturity Date 
Investors should note that, depending on whether "2003 Reference Entity" or "2014 Reference Entity" 
applies, an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, which would 
give rise to a redemption could occur as a result of notices being provided during the prescribed notice 
delivery period or post dismissal additional period which may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or, in some cases 14 calendar days after the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement as a result of 
requests submitted after the Scheduled Maturity Date by market participants to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to be convened 
to deliberate an issue. The Scheduled Maturity Date of the Credit Linked Note may also be extended 
where the last relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date with 
respect to physical redemption, the last Payment Failure Cut-Off Date or the RMB Currency Settlement 
Cut-Off Date occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption 
Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date, as applicable). In each of these circumstances, the 
scheduled maturity date of the Credit Linked Notes will be extended and investors should note that the 
final redemption amounts, if any would be payable on a date later than the Scheduled Maturity Date and 
no additional interest shall be payable to an investor in connection with such tolling or suspension of 
payments, including any final redemption amount. 
Adjustments and amendments 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes may be subject to amendments without consent of the 
investors, where an Event Determination Date is deemed either to have occurred on a date that is different 
from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date or not to have occurred.

--- Page 129 ---
RISK FACTORS 
103 
 
Certain DC resolutions may reverse prior DC resolutions or the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date that has resulted in the identification of Successors, Substitute Reference Obligations 
or the occurrence of an Auction Final Price Determination Date, Physical Redemption Date, Valuation 
Date or Delivery Date, as applicable and depending on the circumstances, may have the effect of 
reversing the economic impact for the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that in these 
circumstances, the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion will determine the adjustment 
payment, if any, that is payable to investors, the date the adjustment payment is payable and no accruals 
of interest, if any, shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment and when 
making such adjustments, no further consent of the Noteholder shall be required.  
Further, investors should note that the Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the 
consent of the Noteholders, amend provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions in any manner which the 
Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) is necessary or desirable (i) 
to incorporate and/or reflect (a) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published 
by ISDA with respect to the documentation or redemption of Credit Linked Notes and/or (b) the operation 
or application of determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to 
account for market practice to be reflected in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any such amendment 
may affect the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent and one or more of their affiliates is a leading dealer in 
the credit derivatives market. If "Auction Redemption" is applicable under the Credit Linked Notes and 
an auction is held in respect of a Reference Entity for which a Credit Event has occurred, there is a high 
probability that the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or one of their affiliates would act as a 
participating bidder in any such auction. In such capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence 
the final price determined pursuant to the auction, including, without limitation, (i) submitting bids, offers 
and physical settlement requests (either on its or their own behalf or on behalf of customers) with respect 
to the relevant deliverable obligations and (ii) providing rates of conversion to determine the applicable 
currency conversion rates to be used to convert any obligations that are not denominated in the auction 
currency into such currency for the purposes of the auction. In deciding whether to take any such action, 
or whether to act as a participating bidder in any auction, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent 
or one or more of their affiliates (as applicable) shall be under no obligation to consider the interests of 
any investors and the effects of their participation may have a material adverse effect on the value of a 
Credit Linked Note. 
The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or one or more of their respective 
affiliates may also be a voting member on one or more of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees responsible for determining the occurrence of Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, 
for the purposes of certain credit derivatives transactions and may take certain actions that may influence 
the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. Such entities 
may also have an inherent conflict of interest in the outcome of any such determinations. The actions 
taken by such entities may also be adverse to the interests of an investor and may result in an economic 
benefit accruing to the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or one or more 
of their respective affiliates. In performing any duty under the DC Rules that govern the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, the Determination 
Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates shall have no obligation however to consider the 
interests of an investor and may ignore any conflict of interests arising in respect of the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent and/or their 
respective affiliates may also have an interest in data sources that publish credit indices and may 
participate, together with other dealers, in the process or advisory committees by which the index sponsor 
determines the composition of the Index CDS (as defined below) and makes certain other determinations 
with respect to the index, including the removal of Reference Entities or reference obligations from the 
Index CDS or to determine changes in the composition of indices. The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the 
Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent and/or their respective affiliates may also participate 
and vote in committees affecting the credit default swap industry generally. By virtue of such 
participation in each of the circumstances described above, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, 
the Determination Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates has no obligation to consider the 
interests of any investor in their actions and decisions and investors should note that the activities of the

--- Page 130 ---
RISK FACTORS 
104 
 
 
Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent and/or their respective 
affiliates as described herein may present a conflict between the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, 
the Determination Agent and/or their respective affiliates' obligations and the interests of an investor 
under the Credit Linked Notes.  
The Issuer, the Dealer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent may have dealings and 
information in relation to Reference Entities 
The Issuer, the Dealer, the Determination Agent and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective 
affiliates may, now or in the future, deal in obligations of the Reference Entities, make equity investments 
in a Reference Entity, engage in business with a Reference Entity, its affiliates and its competitors or any 
other person or entity having obligations relating to a Reference Entity, including making loans to, or 
otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or 
other business, including asset management or other advisory services, including merger and acquisition 
or bankruptcy-related advisory services. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Determination Agent, the Calculation 
Agent and/or their respective affiliates may also participate in loan restructurings or recapitalisations that 
may affect the Credit Linked Note and any reference obligations. In such circumstances, the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Determination Agent and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may act 
with respect to such dealings, business and advisory freely and without accountability to any investor in 
the same manner as if the Credit Linked Notes did not exist, and any such action might have an adverse 
effect on any investor (including, without limitation, any action that might give rise to a Credit Event or 
Risk Event, as applicable). 
The Issuer, the Determination Agent and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may 
be, whether by virtue of the types of relationships described above or otherwise, at any time, in possession 
of information in relation to any Reference Entity (or any obligations thereof) which is or may be material 
in the context of the Credit Linked Notes and which is or may not be known to the general public or 
Noteholders. The Credit Linked Notes do not create any obligation to disclose to Noteholders any such 
relationship or information (whether or not confidential), notwithstanding that any such relationship or 
information may have an adverse impact on the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent an interest in obligations of Reference Entities 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent or convey any interest in any obligations of Reference Entities 
or any direct or indirect obligation of any Reference Entity to an investor. The Issuer is not an agent of 
any investor for any purpose and an investor will not have rights equivalent to those of a holder of debt 
obligations of a Reference Entity, such as voting rights or rights to receive consent fees or other 
distributions from a Reference Entity. For example, if a restructuring occurs with respect to a Reference 
Entity, the investor, unlike a holder of a Reference Entity's obligations, will have no right to challenge 
or participate in any element of the restructuring. If the Issuer is the owner of one or more obligations of 
a Reference Entity, it may exercise its voting or control rights or otherwise act in its capacity as holder 
of such obligations without regard to the interests of an investor, and such actions could adversely affect 
the Credit Linked Notes held by an investor. Consequently, the investor's purchase of the Credit Linked 
Notes may be riskier than a direct investment in the obligations of a Reference Entity. The purchase of a 
Credit Linked Note differs from an offering of new obligations by a Reference Entity in that none of the 
subscription moneys paid with respect to the Credit Linked Note will go to a Reference Entity. The Issuer 
in addition does not grant any security interest over any such obligations of the Reference Entity.  
Operational risks and notices 
The Credit Linked Notes may require that certain notices be given in order to exercise rights, realize 
value or protect and preserve interests under the Credit Linked Notes, including but not limited to notices 
to investors by the Issuer of the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, or that 
describes a succession together with supporting information, the choice of obligations to be delivered or 
valued, certain potential Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable and the exercise of the right to utilize 
parallel auctions in the case of certain restructuring Credit Events and in the case of Physical Redemption, 
the provision of a Deliverable Obligation Notice by an investor.  
Investors should have arrangements for delivering and receiving such notices and monitoring the actions 
of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, and be prepared to take the necessary or 
appropriate steps when it receives such notices or learn of such actions where an investor needs to take

--- Page 131 ---
RISK FACTORS 
105 
 
action pursuant to such notice. Failure to take the relevant steps or actions within the requisite time 
periods could adversely affect an investor's interests under a Credit Linked Note.  
Investors should note that in some cases, determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee may substitute for a required notice, modify the effect of a previously delivered notice or 
alter the period during which a notice may be delivered which may impact on timings of notices provided 
by the Issuer. 
Investors should further note that where any notice is required to be delivered by the Issuer to investors, 
such notices shall be deemed to have been delivered to investors upon delivery of such notice to the 
Fiscal Agent by the Issuer. The failure of the Fiscal Agent to deliver any such notice to Noteholders shall 
not affect however (i) the effectiveness of any notice delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
and/or the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent (ii) the effectiveness of any determinations made by any of them or 
(iii) the right of the Issuer to redeem (whether in whole or in part) the Credit Linked Notes or to write 
down any aggregate principal notional of the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in accordance with the 
relevant Credit Linked Conditions.  
Where the relevant notice is to be provided by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Fiscal Agent, 
investors should note that a failure by any of such parties to deliver the relevant notices or any decision 
by any of them not to deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice to the investor shall not 
constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Credit Linked Notes.  
Interpretation of terms 
The terms of the Credit Linked Notes are subject to interpretation and further evolution. In some 
instances, the views of market participants may differ as to how the terms of specific credit provisions 
should be interpreted in the context of specific events, entities and obligations in comparison to that of a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or Calculation Agent where applicable. Accordingly, the 
consequences resulting from the interpretation of various terms could vary in the context of the Credit 
Linked Notes and result in unexpected losses, redemption, write-down, reduction in interest and other 
economic impact for an investor.  
Foreign exchange risks 
Investors should note that in certain circumstances, a currency conversion may be required to effect 
certain determinations, calculations in relation to any payment or delivery obligation with respect to the 
Credit Linked Notes. Delivery of an underlying obligation denominated in a currency that is different 
from the settlement currency of the Credit Linked Notes will have effects similar to a currency 
conversion. Investors should note that with respect to any auction in connection with Auction 
Redemption, the relevant exchange rates to be applied with respect to the auction, where relevant will be 
set by the auction administrators prior to any auction final price determination date. In such 
circumstances, the Credit Linked Notes will have foreign exchange rate risk, which may have an adverse 
impact on the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes. 
Discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event 
or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to 
be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding on the Issuer and any Noteholder. In performing its duties pursuant to the Credit Linked 
Notes and making any determinations expressed to be made by it, the Calculation Agent shall either act 
in its sole and absolute discretion or act in a commercially reasonable manner, depending on the election 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the Calculation Agent acts in its sole and absolute 
discretion, it is under no obligation to act in the interests of any investor, nor will it be liable to account 
for any profit or other benefit which may accrue to it as a result of such determinations. Any 
determinations made or actions taken by the Calculation Agent may have an adverse impact on the value 
of, and return on, the Notes. 
Risks relating to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The likelihood of a Credit Event occurring with respect to the nth Reference Entity is affected 
significantly by the default correlation among the Reference Entities. Accordingly, the value of an Nth-

--- Page 132 ---
RISK FACTORS 
106 
 
 
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note at any time will depend significantly on expectations about default 
correlation at that time, in addition to the valuation factors described above in the risk factor entitled 
"Volatile prices" related to Credit Linked Notes generally. Moreover, because of the difficulty of 
predicting the likelihood that a given number of Reference Entities will default, the value of an Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Note is subject to "model risk" – i.e., the risk that the model used by a party 
will fail to accurately predict the likelihood that the applicable number of Reference Entities default, 
causing unpredictable outcomes to potentially result in significant losses for an investor. See "Risks 
relating to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes" below. 
Noteholders should carefully review the terms of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note relating 
to: (i) whether and how substitution of a Reference Entity occurs upon certain events such as the 
determination of a Successor resulting in repetition of a Reference Entity in the basket of Reference 
Entities; (ii) how events that result in two or more Successors are addressed; and (iii) the manner and 
order in which defaulting Reference Entities are counted. These terms, as well as the provisions relating 
to the designation of a Successor, may affect the correlation among the Reference Entities and the number 
and timing of defaults that are deemed to have occurred. 
Risks relating to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
With respect to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
investors should note that they could be exposed to significant losses which may result from changes in 
the market's perception of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities. The market's perception 
of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities may be highly volatile and may change very 
rapidly following the availability of new information. Investors should refer to the risk factors entitled 
"Credit risk of the Reference Entity", "Jurisdictional differences and assessment of Reference Entity", 
"Actions of Reference Entities", "Historical performance may not predict future performance", and 
"Concentrated credit risk where Reference Entities are concentrated in the same sectors or regions". 
Investors should carefully review the list of Reference Entities that constitute the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, and evaluate whether such 
exposure meets its stated objectives and is representative of the market to which exposure is required. 
Investors should note that an investment in relation to a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entities may have 
significantly less liquidity than there is for an investment in an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note 
which is based on a standardised Index CDS and accordingly there may be no, or a limited, secondary 
market in such Credit Linked Notes.  
Risks relating to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Investors could be exposed to significant losses which may result from changes in the market's perception 
of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities within the relevant index. The Reference Entities 
included in an Index CDS will typically have certain specified characteristics in common, such as type 
of obligor (e.g., corporate, municipal or sovereign); geographic region (e.g., North America, Europe, 
Asia or emerging markets); and/or credit rating category (e.g., investment grade or high yield). These 
characteristics may be relevant to the probability of a Credit Event occurring under the Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, as Credit Events may be 
more likely for Reference Entities with certain of these characteristics than for others. The market's 
perception of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities may be highly volatile and may 
change very rapidly following the availability of new information. The market for Index CDSs has been 
subject to significant distortions from time to time in the past as a result of the actions of one or a small 
number of market participants that may take large positions in an Index CDS. These distortions have in 
the past led, and may in the future lead, to a high degree of volatility, as well as a wide and potentially 
unsustainable divergence between the market price of Index CDSs and the price that would be expected 
based on the market price of credit default swaps on the underlying Reference Entities. The Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates' trading activities may represent 
a significant portion of the market for particular Index CDS and, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation 
Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates may be a contributor to such volatility and distortions. 
Accordingly, investors should note that they could be exposed to the volatility with respect to the Index 
CDS which could have an impact on the market value of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, over time.

--- Page 133 ---
RISK FACTORS 
107 
 
Given that the risks of an Index CDS will vary depending on the characteristics of the underlying 
Reference Entities, investors should carefully review the list of Reference Entities that constitute the 
Index CDS referenced in the Issue Terms and evaluate whether such exposure meets its stated objectives 
and is representative of the market to which exposure is required. In addition, investors should understand 
that the Reference Entities in an index of investment grade Reference Entities may be investment grade 
rated only at inception of the index or relevant series of the index, and that such Reference Entities may 
be downgraded thereafter.  
Investors should also note that there is no guarantee that there will be a liquid market for any particular 
Index CDS. An index sponsor may publish a new series of an underlying index from time to time (for 
example, every six months). Market liquidity is often concentrated in the most recent series and may 
decline for a given Index CDS when a new series of the index is published. 
Investors should note that the index sponsor may calculate the published spread or price for an Index 
CDS based on a poll of dealers. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates may be one of the dealers polled by the index sponsor and, if so, the actions of the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates in such circumstances could 
affect the published spread or price. In addition, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or 
more of their respective affiliates may participate, together with other dealers, in the process or advisory 
committees by which the index sponsor determines the composition of the Index CDS and makes certain 
other determinations with respect to the index, including the removal of Reference Entities or reference 
obligations from the Index CDS. In taking any such actions, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent 
or one or more of their respective affiliates has no obligation to consider the interests of any investor 
under the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable. 
Investors should therefore be aware that any such action by the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent 
or one or more of their respective affiliates could affect the Index CDS and therefore also adversely affect 
the market value of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
as applicable. See also "Potential conflicts of interest" above.  
Unless stated otherwise in the Issue Terms, a Merger Event will not apply to any Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and therefore such Credit Linked Notes will not 
early redeem where a Reference Entity becomes an affiliate of the protection seller or one such entity 
merges with or makes a substantial asset transfer to the other. 
In addition, investors are exposed to losses arising from Credit Events in relation to Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes only to the extent that aggregate losses 
exceed the "attachment point" but remain less than the "detachment point" of the tranche. The likelihood 
that an investor will be exposed to losses is therefore greater for more subordinated tranches (i.e. those 
with a lower attachment point in relation to portfolio size). 
In addition, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable (other than the most senior tranches) are leveraged instruments because investors may incur 
losses on an accelerated basis relative to aggregate losses on the portfolio. Investors will not owe any 
payment for losses unless and until aggregate losses on the portfolio exceed the attachment point, but 
investors will be exposed to losses equal to the entire notional amount of the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes (as applicable) if aggregate losses on the 
portfolio reach the detachment point. Therefore, the smaller the tranche size relative to the implied 
notional amount of the entire portfolio, the greater the degree of leverage. For any given portfolio of 
Reference Entities, the lower the attachment point and the greater the leverage, the greater the risk for 
the investor where acting as though it were a protection seller. However, this does not mean that the most 
senior tranches present low risks for protection sellers.  
The value of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable, will be influenced by the valuation factors described above in the risk factor entitled "Volatile 
prices" described above but in addition, the value of such Credit Linked Note will be influenced by 
expectations about "default correlation," among other model-dependent factors. Default correlation 
refers to the likelihood of any given number of Reference Entities experiencing a Credit Event over any 
given time period. Changes in default correlation affect tranches of different seniority differently. In 
general, from the perspective of an investor acting as though it were a protection seller, holding all other 
factors constant: (i) a decrease in default correlation will decrease the value of the most junior tranche 
(i.e., the tranche with the lowest attachment point), because it will represent an increase in the expected

--- Page 134 ---
RISK FACTORS 
108 
 
 
probability of losses on that tranche; (ii) an increase in default correlation will decrease the value of the 
most senior tranche (i.e., the tranche with the highest attachment point), because it will represent an 
increase in the expected probability of losses on that tranche; and (iii) any increase or decrease in default 
correlation may either increase or decrease the value of mezzanine tranches (i.e., tranches between the 
most junior and most senior tranches), depending on a complex interplay of various factors.  
The degree of default correlation among the Reference Entities in a given portfolio may be influenced 
by numerous factors, including whether the Reference Entities operate in similar industries or geographic 
regions and whether the Reference Entities have similar levels of leverage (i.e., debt relative to equity). 
Default correlation tends to increase during economic downturns and decrease during periods of 
economic growth. Accordingly, although the most senior tranches are generally less risky to a protection 
seller than the most junior tranches, in certain circumstances (including during an economic downturn), 
the most senior tranches will tend to lose value from the perspective of the protection seller at a faster 
rate than the most junior tranches. In circumstances where Reference Entities in a portfolio are widely 
affected, a protection seller under a senior tranche may incur losses equal to the entire notional amount, 
in which case the senior tranche will prove to have been no less risky than junior tranches. Default 
correlation may change significantly, and in some cases abruptly, with changes in market conditions.  
Default correlation is difficult to estimate, and different market participants may calculate it in different 
ways and may change the ways in which they calculate it over time which may be adverse to an investor 
in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, as applicable. 
Accordingly, the valuation of such Credit Linked Notes is subject to "model risk" (i.e., the risk that a 
valuation model does not accurately depict the value of a tranche or the relationship between tranche 
values) which may result in significant losses where certain strategies based on modelled relations 
between the values of tranches break down. 
The terms and conditions of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, as applicable, may provide for changes in the constituents of the index or portfolio of Reference 
Entities, as applicable, upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the determination of a Successor. 
These changes may affect the level of default correlation among the Reference Entities in the portfolio 
and, therefore, the value of such Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should note that an investment in relation to Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note which is 
based on a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entity may have significantly less liquidity than there is for 
an investment in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note which references a standardised Index CDS. 
Accordingly, the valuation of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note which is more bespoke may be 
more complex and introduces greater model risk than the Index Tranched Credit Linked Note. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes – adjustments 
Investors should further note that in the case of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, if a DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a component 
Reference Entity of the relevant Index, such Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the creation of a "New Single Name Credit Linked 
Note" having economic terms as closely as possible preserving the economic equivalent of the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes immediately before the DC Credit Event Announcement which may be redeemed 
following exercise in accordance with the terms of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes. Any such 
amendment may adversely affect investors. 
Risks relating to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes 
Local access risks  
Credit Linked Notes may reference the Reference Investor Assets of either a single Reference Entity, in 
the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, or two or more Reference Entities, in the 
case of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, incorporated in or from a local access jurisdiction. An 
investment in such Credit Linked Notes involves risks associated with such jurisdictions, including 
potential risks of volatility, governmental intervention and the lack of a developed system of law.

--- Page 135 ---
RISK FACTORS 
109 
 
Investors should note that it is a general feature of local access jurisdictions that they may be subject to 
rapid change and the risks involved may also change relatively quickly. With respect to any local access 
nation, there is the possibility of nationalisation, expropriation or confiscation, political changes, 
government regulation, social instability or other developments (including war) which could affect 
adversely the economies of such nations and/or the foreign exchange rates. Political or economic 
instability may affect investor confidence, which could in turn have a negative impact on the value of the 
Reference Investor Assets of the local access Reference Entity or its creditworthiness and on foreign 
exchange markets. 
Conditions in local access countries are associated with higher risks of the occurrence of a Risk Event, 
which may occur together with circumstances that would restrict the deliverability of any Reference 
Asset, or which may result in especially adverse pricing and liquidity conditions in which a market value 
for such Reference Asset is to be determined. 
Local access debt typically comprises debt issued by non-highly rated issuers in respect of whom the 
possibility of default is greater than investment grade issuers. Local access considerations, in addition to 
and in combination with other conditions affecting the creditworthiness of a Reference Entity (including 
those resulting in a local access Reference Entity experiencing financial or economic difficulties), may 
significantly affect (i) the value of, and (ii) any amounts paid on, its Obligation(s) and/or any Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or any Deliverable Obligation(s) and/or Reference Asset(s) (if any), each or all of 
which may be reduced to zero. 
Local access debt may be difficult to buy and/or sell, particularly during adverse market conditions, and 
prices may be more volatile. In addition, settlement of trades in emerging or developing countries may 
be slower and more likely to be subject to failure than in more developed markets. This will affect the 
ability of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) to obtain prices for the Obligation(s) 
of the Reference Entity or any Reference Obligation(s) or any Deliverable Obligation(s) or any Reference 
Asset(s) (if any). 
Risk Events  
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be 
redeemed pursuant to the occurrence of any Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event (together, the 
"Risk Events") in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, in either case, unless the Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are fixed recovery, on 
the value of certain specified assets of any such Reference Entities or where, if any of such events has 
occurred, on settlement the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. Any such settlement 
will be reduced to take into account any Unwind Costs and so will depend upon the level of such Unwind 
Costs. 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes to the extent that such events apply in the applicable Issue Terms. Prospective investors should 
note that not all possible Additional Risk Events are related directly to default or credit risk in respect of 
a Reference Entity or default in respect of the Reference Investor Assets and such Additional Risk Events 
may include, without limitation, the occurrence of one or more of the following: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event – the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any 
event or condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert 
currency; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to 
residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate 
any funds from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference 
Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full 
value of any cash payment made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction 
after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency 
regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the imposition of currency 
exchange limitations; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event – the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or

--- Page 136 ---
RISK FACTORS 
110 
 
 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability 
of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner 
of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof;  
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event – (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
the bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a 
Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform 
in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (B) fails to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor, 
or (C) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the 
Issuer's obligations with respect to the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note(s) or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note(s); 
(d) 
a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event – in respect of Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes only, the delivery after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of a notification from 
the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer that it has 
determined that the weighted average of the Reference Assets Liquidation Value of the 
Reference Assets of each Reference Entity then comprising the Reference Registry is equal to 
or less than the Reference Assets Trigger Level of the aggregate Settlement Currency Principal 
Amount of all Reference Assets; 
(e) 
a Non-Viability Trigger Event – the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
such event as defined under and occurring pursuant to the terms of the Reference Assets 
Conditions relating to the relevant Reference Asset (including (i) any relevant authority having 
decided that without a conversion or write-off with respect to the Reference Entity, the 
Reference Entity would become non-viable; (ii) any relevant authority having decided that a 
public sector injection of capital or equivalent support is necessary with respect to the Reference 
Entity, without which the Reference Entity would become non-viable; (iii) any relevant capital 
adequacy ratio with respect to the Reference Entity falling below the relevant percentage and/or 
threshold prescribed in the Reference Assets Conditions and/or (iv) any other events (however 
described) which are similar in nature to the events described in (i) to (iii)), provided that the 
Calculation Agent may determine any such event under and occurring pursuant to the terms of 
the Reference Assets Conditions relating to such Reference Assets and/or the Reference Entity 
constitutes a Non-Viability Trigger Event;  
(f) 
a Market Value Trigger Event – the delivery after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of a 
notification from the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer 
that it has determined that on any Business Day the Fair Market Value of the Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, 
is equal to, or less than, the Market Value Trigger Level of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of such Credit Linked Notes on such date;  
(g) 
a Reference Assets Restructuring Event – the cancellation, reduction, suspension or deferral (in 
whole or in part) after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any interest, dividend or any 
other form of distribution in respect of the Reference Assets underlying the Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, on the 
due date for payment thereof (whether under the Reference Assets Conditions or otherwise) or, 
in respect of such Reference Assets, a reduction in its rate of interest, dividend or distribution 
from the rate of interest, divided or distribution applicable to such Reference Assets on the Issue 
Date, in each case for any reason whatsoever; and 
(h) 
any other Additional Risk Event specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
The loss incurred by an investor may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the 
Additional Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, 
which could cause such losses to be incurred by an investor, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any 
time during the term of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, whether or not the Additional Risk Event is ongoing or effective or has been 
remedied or cured at the time such designation has been made.

--- Page 137 ---
RISK FACTORS 
111 
 
Risks relating to Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes which are 
also Zero Coupon Notes 
If an Event Determination Date occurs, in determining the Credit Event Redemption Amount, the 
Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, will be multiplied by (i) (a) the Applicable Proportion 
or (b) if "Premium Accreted Amount" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the 
Applicable Proportion and the Premium Accreted Amount and (iii) the Zero Coupon Percentage, prior 
to the deduction of any Unwind Costs. The Zero Coupon Percentage is the percentage specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, unless a different amount is so specified, will be a percentage equal to the 
Issue Price of the Notes. Where the Notes are issued at a discount to their Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount or the Zero Coupon Percentage is specified to be a percentage less than 100 per cent., the Auction 
Redemption Amount or Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, will be determined by reference to an 
amount less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes and will therefore be less 
than the amount which would be determined in relation to a Credit Linked Note which is not a Zero 
Coupon Note. 
In addition, if an Event Determination Date occurs, whether any amount in respect of premium is payable 
shall depend on whether "Premium Accreted Amount" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where "Premium Accreted Amount" applies, an amount equal to the sum of the Applicable Percentage 
for the relevant Notes and the Premium Accreted Amount (the "Total Accreted Amount") will be used 
to determine the Auction Redemption Amount or Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable. Where the 
Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable is multiplied by the Total Accreted Amount, then an 
amount will be paid to Noteholders with respect to the Premium Accreted Amount which, unless the 
Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, is equal to 100 per cent., will be less than the amount 
of interest which would be determined in relation to a Credit Linked Note which is not a Zero Coupon 
Note but which has an interest rate equal to the Amortisation Yield. 
Where the Notes are issued at par and the Zero Coupon Percentage is specified to be a percentage greater 
than 100 per cent., the Auction Redemption Amount or Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, will be 
determined by reference to an amount greater than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes and will therefore be greater than the amount which would be determined in relation to a Credit 
Linked Note which is not a Zero Coupon Note. The Auction Redemption Amount of Cash Redemption 
Amount will therefore include an amount in respect of premium which might be more or less than the 
amount of interest which would have been payable in relation to a Credit Linked Note which is not a 
Zero Coupon Note but which has an interest rate equal to the Amortisation Yield. 
Exposure to Reference Asset 
In respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes for which Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, following a Risk Event, the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed by valuation or delivery (as applicable) of the Reference 
Asset in respect of a Reference Entity (rather than obligations of the relevant Reference Entity generally). 
It follows therefore that returns on such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes may be adversely affected by circumstances affecting the Reference Asset 
even where other obligations of the Reference Entity are not affected. The creditworthiness or market 
value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favourable than other obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of origination, legal or validity risks, local 
access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics. Investors in the Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes should understand that their 
recovery in relation to the relevant Reference Asset may be substantially less than for more generally 
representative obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Currency Risks 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be 
payable in a currency different from the currency in which a Reference Asset is payable and may have 
economic features equivalent to a currency derivative in which the cash flows on such Reference Asset 
are exchanged for the specified cash flows payable on the Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
RISK FACTORS 
112 
 
 
Investors may therefore be exposed to fluctuations in the relevant exchange rate where ongoing 
calculations under the Notes include a currency exchange rate or due to Unwind Costs which may be 
deducted on certain redemptions of the Notes (for example following a Risk Event) and which may 
include one or more components linked to the currency of the Notes and/or a Reference Asset and/or the 
costs of termination or replacement of any such embedded currency derivative and may be substantially 
affected by changes in the relative value of such currencies. 
Exchange rates can be volatile and unpredictable. Investors should be aware of the possibility of 
significant changes in rates of exchange between the currency of the Notes and the currency of a 
Reference Asset. The value of the Notes on any date may be substantially less than would otherwise be 
the case if a currency exchange rate is included in ongoing calculations under the Notes and the currency 
in which a Reference Asset is payable depreciates in value relative to the currency in which the Notes 
are payable or, if the Notes reflect an embedded currency derivative and the currency in which a 
Reference Asset is payable appreciates in value relative to the currency in which the Notes are payable 
(due to the potential deduction of Unwind Costs, which may be substantial, if the Notes are redeemed).  
Prospective investors should in particular be aware that, due to exchange rate fluctuations as well as the 
other risks set out herein and depending upon the terms of the Notes: 
(a) 
the market price of the Notes may be very volatile; 
(b) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(c) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal and/or interest payments;  
(d) 
the relevant currencies may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; and 
(e) 
the timing of changes in a relevant currency may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations.  
In general, the earlier the change in the relevant currency, the greater the effect on yield will be. 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
Where "2014 Reference Entity" applies and the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change 
Event has occurred or exists then any payment or delivery to an investor shall be reduced by an amount 
equal in value to the allocable proportion of the Regulatory Change Cost, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. Investors may therefore receive back less than their initial 
investment or, in the case of redemption following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event, losses may 
be greater than if the investor were to hold obligations of the Reference Entity directly. 
Adjustment in respect of an Interest Tax Deduction Amount or Principal Tax Deduction Amount 
If (i) "2014 Reference Entity" and (ii) "Tax Deduction Event – Principal" and "Tax Deduction Event – 
Interest" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the Calculation Agent determines 
that there would be an Interest Tax Deduction Amount and/or a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in 
respect of amounts that would be received by a Reference Investor in respect of the Reference Investor 
Assets, then any relevant payment of interest or principal (as applicable) or amount of LA Settlement 
Assets to be delivered to Noteholders shall be reduced by an amount (in aggregate as applicable) equal 
in value to the allocable proportion of the Interest Tax Deduction Amount or Principal Tax Deduction 
Amount, as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Investors may therefore receive less than 
their initial investment or, in the case of redemption following a Risk Event, losses may be greater than 
if the investor were to hold obligations of the Reference Entity directly. 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The Index Skew Notes are linked, through a Hypothetical Skew Transaction constituting a combination 
of (i) an index linked credit derivative transaction ("Index CDS") and (ii) individual credit default swaps 
on the Reference Entities included in the index underlying the Index CDS (the "component CDSs"). 
Where the Issuer is the protection seller under the Index CDS it is the protection buyer under the

--- Page 139 ---
RISK FACTORS 
113 
 
component CDSs, and vice versa. The value of the combined positions reflects the difference (the 
"skew") between the value of the Index CDS and the aggregate value of its component CDSs. Although 
each constituent of the Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to give rise to an equal and opposite 
payment obligation on each Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date, Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement 
Date (as applicable), no actual payments will be due from the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty or vice versa due to the application of payment netting. 
The value of an Index CDS may differ from the aggregate value of its component CDSs for several 
reasons, including (a) differences in liquidity and other characteristics in the markets for the Index CDS 
and the component CDSs; (b) differences in relevant terms of the Index CDS and its component CDSs; 
(c) factors that affect the activities of arbitrageurs; and (d) changes in the default correlation among the 
Reference Entities included in the Index CDS. 
As the notional of the Hypothetical Skew Transactions may be far greater than the principal amount 
issued under the Index Skew Notes, the value of the Index Skew Notes may be very volatile and any 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount will be linked to, among other things, the difference between the 
pricing of credit protection on the relevant index and the market levels of the constituent single name 
Reference Entities that comprise the relevant index.  
Liquidity differences may make a greater contribution to skew during periods of heightened volatility, 
as the value of the more liquid instrument(s) may change more quickly than the value of the less liquid 
instrument(s). Furthermore, during periods when transaction costs (such as funding costs and bid-ask 
spreads) to market participants increase, skew may become greater, as the increased transaction costs 
may reduce the activities of arbitrageurs (i.e. market participants that seek to profit from the skew and, 
in the process, tend to reduce it). 
Although the payments under a Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the 
application of payment netting as described above, if the Index Skew Notes were to be redeemed early 
(including pursuant to an Early Redemption Event such as a Section 871(m) Event or a Hedging 
Disruption Early Termination Event or (if applicable) following an Issuer Call which may be exercised 
at the Issuer's discretion), a termination payment would be determined in respect of each constituent 
transaction within the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions and the aggregate of such termination 
payments may result in an amount being payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or 
by the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty to the Issuer which could result in the Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount (as the case may be) due to Noteholders being reduced further if the 
Issuer is required to make a payment to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty for such termination 
payment or if the Issuer is subject to further Unwind Costs. 
In addition, prospective investors in the Index Skew Notes should be aware that no notifications shall be 
given by the Issuer or any other party to Noteholders following the occurrence of a Credit Event. To the 
extent that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that a Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of a particular entity, information will be published on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor 
website).

--- Page 140 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
114 
 
 
SECTION C – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
General 
An investment in Securities involves risks (as further described in Section B above and the paragraphs 
below) and should only be made after assessing the direction, timing and magnitude of potential future 
market changes (e.g. in the value of the security indices, inflation indices, commodity indices, 
commodities, shares, depositary receipts, exchange traded funds, mutual funds, currencies, bespoke or 
proprietary indices, dividend futures contracts, interest rates, preference shares, debt securities or other 
items which comprise or relate to the Underlying(s)), as well as the terms and conditions of the Securities.  
Before investing in any Securities you should determine whether an investment in such Securities is 
appropriate in your particular circumstances and should consult with your legal, business and tax advisers 
to determine the consequences of an investment in such Securities and to arrive at your own evaluation 
of the investment. In particular, the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor recommend that you take 
independent tax advice before committing to purchase any Securities. None of the Issuer and (if 
applicable) the Guarantor provides tax advice and therefore responsibility for any tax implications of 
investing in any Securities rests entirely with you. You should note that the tax treatment will differ from 
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. You will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any 
jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory authority, including (without limitation) any state or local 
taxes or other similar assessment or charge that may be applicable to any payment in respect of the 
Securities. 
An investment in Securities is only suitable for you if you: 
(a) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the 
merits and risks of an investment in Securities; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks 
in the context of your financial situation; 
(c) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in Securities for an indefinite period 
of time; and 
(d) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of Securities for a substantial period of time, if 
at all. 
You should make your own independent decision to invest in Securities and as to whether the investment 
in the Securities is appropriate or proper for you based upon your own judgement and upon advice from 
such advisers as you may deem necessary. You should not rely on any communication (written or oral) 
of the Issuer, and (if applicable) the Guarantor, any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their respective 
officers or agents as investment advice or as a recommendation to invest in Securities, it being understood 
that information and explanations related to Securities shall not be considered to be investment advice or 
a recommendation to invest in Securities. No communication (written or oral) received from the Issuer 
and (if applicable) the Guarantor, any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their respective officers or agents 
shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of an investment in Securities. 
Hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities 
Any Issuer, and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates 
may enter into arrangements to hedge the Issuer's and/or, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor's obligations under an issue of Securities and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee but are not required to do so. 
If they do so, any Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any such 
affiliate will have certain rights under such hedging arrangements and may pursue actions and take steps 
that they deem appropriate to protect their own interests under such hedging arrangements without regard 
to the consequences for Securityholders. You will not have recourse to the applicable counterparty under 
any such hedging arrangements and any such hedging arrangements will not confer any rights or 
entitlements on any Securityholders and will constitute separate obligations of the Issuer and/or the 
CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any such affiliate. In addition in relation to 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Skew Notes, such hedging arrangements may give rise to Unwind Costs

--- Page 141 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
115 
 
and amounts payable to Securityholders may accordingly be reduced by each Securityholder's pro rata 
share of such Unwind Costs. 
If you intend to purchase Securities to hedge against the market risk associated with investing in the 
particular Underlying(s), you should recognise the complexities of utilising Securities in this manner. 
For example, the value of the relevant Securities may not exactly correlate with the value of the relevant 
Underlying(s). Due to fluctuating supply and demand for Securities, there is no assurance that their value 
will correlate with movements of the Underlying(s). For these reasons, among others, it may not be 
possible to purchase or liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value of any 
relevant Underlying, and you may suffer a loss accordingly. 
Leveraging 
Borrowing to fund the purchase of the Securities (leveraging) can have a significant negative impact on 
the value of and return on the investment. If you consider leveraging an issue of Securities, you should 
obtain further detailed information as to the applicable risks from the leverage provider. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in Securities 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to securities issued under the 
Programme, including any Securities. The credit rating agencies may have different rating 
methodologies, criteria, models and requirements from one another. The ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the 
relevant Securities. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
reduced, withdrawn or qualified by the rating agency at any time. If the ratings on any Securities are 
reduced, withdrawn or qualified, it could adversely affect the liquidity or the market value of such 
Securities.  
Additionally, the global landscape of financial sector regulation itself is undergoing significant change. 
In the U.S., the Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, expands regulatory oversight of Citigroup Inc. (and 
its subsidiaries) and credit rating agencies. It is not clear how this expanded regulatory oversight will 
impact the ratings on the Securities or the rating of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency 
is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as 
the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances). If the status of the rating agency rating an issue of Securities changes, European 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Securities 
may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the 
Securities which may impact the value of the Securities and any secondary market. The list of registered 
and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency 
and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
In general, United Kingdom regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-UK rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). If the status of the rating agency rating the Securities changes, United 
Kingdom regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the

--- Page 142 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
116 
 
 
Securities may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in United Kingdom regulated 
investors selling the Securities which may impact the value of the Securities and any secondary market. 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the FCA on its website in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated FCA list. 
Information relating to the current ratings of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI and CGML is available at 
www.citigroup.com.  
Historical performance may not predict future performance and values may be published by parties 
not subject to regulation in the US, EEA or UK 
In recent years, prices for various Underlyings have been highly volatile and such volatility may be 
expected in the future. However, fluctuations in rates, levels or prices of Underlyings that have occurred 
in the past are not necessarily indicative of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Securities 
linked to such Underlyings. 
In addition, the value of any relevant Underlying(s) may be determined or published by third parties or 
entities which are not subject to regulation under the laws of the United States, the EEA or the United 
Kingdom. 
In addition, individual Reference Entities may not perform as indicated by the historical performance of 
similar entities and no assurance can be given with respect to the future performance of any Reference 
Entities. Historical default statistics may not capture events that would constitute Credit Events or Risk 
Events, as applicable, for the purposes of Credit Linked Notes or Credit Linked Warrants. 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Securities  
The amounts due and/or value of any assets to be delivered in respect of the Securities at any time prior 
to the relevant maturity date or settlement date is typically expected to be less than the trading price of 
such Securities at that time. The difference between the trading price and such amounts due and/or value 
of any assets to be delivered, as the case may be, will reflect, among other things, the "time value" of the 
Securities. The "time value" of the Securities will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining 
to maturity or exercise and expectations concerning the value of any Underlying(s).  
Securities pose some additional risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of Securities varies 
as the price or level of any Underlying(s) varies, as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, 
including (i) the trading price of the relevant Securities, (ii) the value and volatility of any Underlying(s), 
(iii) the remaining tenor, (iv) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the probable range of the Redemption 
Amounts or Cash Settlement Amounts, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if 
applicable, (vi) any change(s) in currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of any 
Underlying(s) and (viii) any related transaction costs. 
Any sale of Securities prior to their scheduled redemption or exercise may be at a substantial discount 
from the original purchase price and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
Application of Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks 
The fallback provisions described in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and 
Benchmarks apply as follows: 
Reference Rates: 
• 
If a Reference Rate Event occurs and if the applicable Issue Terms specify any Reference Rate 
to be applicable in respect of the Securities, Valuation and Settlement Condition 9 (Reference 
Rate Event Provisions) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or General 
Condition 19 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) in respect of Securities which are Warrants or 
Exercisable Certificates (the "Reference Rate Event Provisions") shall apply. 
• 
A Reference Rate Event occurs with respect to a Reference Rate (which means any interest rate 
howsoever described in the relevant Conditions and as amended from time to time pursuant to

--- Page 143 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
117 
 
the provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions) where the relevant agent determines that 
(i) the Reference Rate has been or will be materially changed, has ceased or will cease to be 
provided permanently or indefinitely and there is no successor administrator or provider that 
will continue to provide the Reference Rate, or a regulator or other official sector entity has 
prohibited or will prohibit the use of or it is otherwise not permitted to use such Reference Rate 
in respect of the Securities; (ii) any authorisation or similar in respect of the Reference Rate or 
the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, refused or similar and as a result the Issuer or any other entity is not or will not 
be permitted under applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform 
its or their obligations under the Securities; (iii) unless the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
"Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii))" does not apply, it is not commercially reasonable to 
continue use of the Reference Rate due to licensing restrictions or changes in licensing costs; 
(iv) the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, any national, regional or other 
supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for either (a) supervising the 
administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (b) regulating the Reference Rate, the central 
bank for the currency of the Reference Rate or other official body with applicable responsibility 
announcing that the Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer 
be, representative of any  underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is 
intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; or (v) the relevant 
Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development in the over-the-counter 
derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, publication of standard terms or 
otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is or will be replaced with a 
replacement rate with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such 
Reference Rate. 
• 
The relevant agent will seek to determine a replacement Reference Rate which must be one of 
the following: 
(a) 
where applicable, if a replacement Reference Rate can be determined by interpolating 
from other tenors of the relevant Reference Rate, such interpolated Reference Rate, 
together with an adjustment; or 
(b) 
a pre-nominated replacement Reference Rate, together with an adjustment; or 
(c) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for 
calculating an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate which is 
recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard replacement for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate, together with an 
adjustment; or 
(d) 
an index, benchmark or other price source that the relevant agent determines to be a 
commercially reasonable alternative for the Reference Rate, together with an 
adjustment. 
• 
In the alternative, the relevant agent may determine that no replacement Reference Rate is 
required or may adjust the term of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate to 
account for the effect of such Reference Rate Event. Where applicable, if no such determination 
and/or adjustments are made, and if the relevant agent determines that it is not possible or 
commercially reasonable to identify a replacement Reference Rate or calculate the relevant 
adjustment, the Issuer may early redeem, terminate or cancel the Securities.  
• 
The relevant agent has powers to make amendments to the terms of the Securities as it considers 
are necessary and/or appropriate to account for the effect of the replacement Reference Rate, 
and to determine the level of the Reference Rate to apply in respect of the Securities on an 
interim basis. For related risks see "Interest on Securities linked to a Reference Rate will be 
calculated using a Replacement Reference Rate selected by the Relevant Agent if a Reference 
Rate Event occurs" above. 
Benchmarks:

--- Page 144 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
118 
 
 
• 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to the relevant rate, PROVIDED 
THAT the Reference Rate Event Provisions do not apply to the relevant event or circumstance, 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
3 
(Redemption 
or 
adjustment 
for 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or 
General Condition 18 (Administrator/Benchmark Event) in respect of Securities which are 
Warrants or Exercisable Certificates (the "Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions") 
shall apply. 
• 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to a Benchmark (which means any 
figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the Securities, or the value of 
the Securities, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or rate) where the 
relevant agent determines that (i) a Benchmark is materially changed, cancelled or its use is 
prohibited by a regulator or other official sector entity in respect of the Securities; (ii) any 
authorisation or similar in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a 
relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected or 
similar with the effect that the Issuer or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under 
any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Securities; (iii) unless the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))" does not apply, it is not commercially reasonable 
to continue use of the Benchmark due to licensing restrictions or changes in licence costs; or 
(iv) a relevant supervisor and/or sponsor officially announces the benchmark is no longer 
representative, or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, 
of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to 
measure. 
• 
The relevant agent may make adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as it determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or circumstance, 
including, without limitation, the selection of a successor benchmark. Alternatively and if 
applicable, the Issuer may early redeem, terminate or cancel the Securities. For related risks see 
"Risks relating to the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event" above. 
Rate as an Underlying: 
• 
If an event or circumstance occurs with respect to a Rate which is an Underlying and if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify a Rate as an Underlying, PROVIDED THAT neither the 
Reference Rate Event Provisions nor the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions apply to 
the relevant rate as a result of such relevant event or circumstance, the provisions of Underlying 
Schedule 13 relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on any 
Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and the provisions 
relating to the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions shall apply. 
For related risks, see "Risks relating to the discontinuance or unavailability of a Rate" above.  
Screen Rate Determination in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates: 
• 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and if the applicable Issue Terms specify Screen Rate 
Determination to be applicable, PROVIDED THAT none of the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions and the Rate Conditions apply to 
the relevant floating rate as a result of such relevant event or circumstance, the relevant 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a) (Screen Rate Determination) shall 
apply as described below. 
• 
Where Screen Rate Determination is applicable, if the Page is not available or if no offered 
quotation or fewer than three offered quotations appear or no rate is provided or published by 
the relevant administrator or a relevant authorised distributor or a component of the relevant rate 
is not provided or published (as applicable), in each case as at the Specified Time, or by 10.30 
a.m. Sydney time in the case of BBSW, the Relevant Agent will determine the Screen Rate in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such source as it deems 
appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
Such rate may be (without limitation) a rate published by another authorised distributor, a rate 
formally recommended by the administrator of the relevant rate or the administrator or

--- Page 145 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
119 
 
supervisor or competent authority responsible for supervising such administrator, the last 
published rate or the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the 
Relevant Agent. 
ISDA Determination in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates: 
Where ISDA determination is selected as the method of calculation of a rate of interest, the relevant rate 
will be determined on the same basis as the rate that would be calculated under an 'over-the-counter' 
derivative transaction documented using the market standard interest rate definitions published by ISDA. 
These definitions provide a standard method of calculating interest and include certain 'fallback' 
provisions which may be used to determine an interest rate in the event of temporary or permanent 
discontinuation of the relevant rate. However, for the purposes of the Securities, the fallback provisions 
set out in the relevant ISDA interest rate definitions will only apply in certain circumstances as described 
below. 
The ISDA interest rate definitions have been amended, supplemented and replaced from time to time 
and, as at the date of this document, there are two versions which are relevant for the purposes of the 
Securities: the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA as amended or supplemented from time to 
time (the "2006 Definitions") and the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by 
ISDA as restated from time to time (the "2021 Definitions"). The applicable Issue Terms will indicate 
the version of the ISDA definitions which apply in respect of the Securities. 
• 
Where ISDA Determination is applicable and the 2006 Definitions are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that the ISDA Rate cannot be 
determined, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions and prior to the 
application of any provisions relating to an index cessation event (howsoever described) or other 
permanent cessation fallback provisions in the 2006 Definitions (including where applicable 
such fallbacks set out in any supplement to the 2006 Definitions and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions), the ISDA Rate for the relevant period and/or 
date shall be such rate as is determined by the Relevant Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). It should be noted, however, that even though relevant 
fallback provisions may be included in accordance with the terms of the ISDA Determination 
itself or the above provision, if prior ranking fallback provisions described in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 8 (Dual Currency Security Provisions) apply then these prior ranking 
fallback provisions will be applied first, meaning that any fallback provisions included as part 
of the ISDA Determination itself may not apply. 
• 
Where ISDA Determination is applicable and the 2021 Definitions are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any fallback provisions relating to temporary cessation will apply in 
respect of the Securities. However, prior to the application of any provisions relating to 
permanent cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 2021 Definitions (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions), then, PROVIDED 
THAT none of the Reference Rate Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event 
provisions and the Rate Conditions apply to the relevant ISDA Rate as a result of such event or 
circumstance and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for 
the relevant period and/or date shall be such rate as is determined by the Relevant Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). See further "The unavailability, disruption or 
discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Securities are linked will result in the 
application of certain fallback provisions" above. 
• 
For related risks, see "In respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates, if a floating rate 
becomes unavailable it may be determined in the Relevant Agent's discretion or by alternative 
methods" above. 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating Rate 
Determination and SARON Floating Rate Determination in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates:

--- Page 146 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
120 
 
 
• 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and SONIA Floating Rate Determination and/or SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination and/or €STR Floating Rate Determination and/or SARON Floating 
Rate Determination are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that none of the 
Reference Rate Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions and the Rate 
Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of the relevant event or circumstance, 
the relevant provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(iii), Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(iii) or Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(e)(ii) or Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.2(f)(ii) (as the case may be) shall apply as described below. 
• 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is applicable (other than where Index 
Determination applies), if the Relevant Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available 
on the relevant Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors 
on a relevant day, the Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being: 
(a) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business 
on such day in the relevant Observation Period; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on such 
day in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA rate published on the relevant Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on such Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (A) 
how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (B) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the 
Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in 
order to determine the SONIA rate for the purpose of the Securities for so long as the SONIA 
rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. For related risks, 
see "If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined in the Relevant Agent's 
discretion or by alternative methods" above. 
• 
If the relevant rate is unavailable, where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is applicable (and 
Index Determination applies) and/or SOFR Floating Rate Determination is applicable, the 
relevant SONIA Compounded Index value, or SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, will 
be determined by the Relevant Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
If the relevant rate is not published on the relevant page or by another authorised distributor, and is not 
otherwise provided by the relevant administrator, where €STR Floating Rate Determination is applicable 
and/or SARON Floating Rate Determination is applicable, the relevant €STR value or SARON value, as 
applicable, shall be deemed to be the rate equal to the last provided or published level for such rate. 
Summary of certain Floating Rate Options for the purposes of "ISDA Determination" and applicable 
methodologies – Frequently Asked Questions in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates 
The questions and answers set out below highlight selected information to help prospective investors 
understand certain Floating Rate Options (as defined below) and applicable methodologies that may be 
relevant when considering the application of "ISDA Determination" to the determination of certain rates 
of interest. However, any decision to invest in Securities should only be made after careful consideration 
of the Base Prospectus and the relevant General Conditions in their entirety, particularly Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(b) (ISDA Determination), as completed by the applicable Final Terms or as 
completed, modified and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable. This 
section is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, such Conditions.

--- Page 147 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
121 
 
Unless otherwise defined in the Base Prospectus, capitalised terms in relation to the following questions 
and answers shall have the meaning given to them in the General Conditions. 
Introduction 
What is "ISDA Determination"?  
"ISDA Determination" is a method of calculating the ISDA Rate (i.e. the interest rate prior to adjustments 
for any margin or participation rate) applicable to certain rates of interest. Where "ISDA Determination" 
applies, the ISDA Rate for an Interest Period or a relevant day will be determined on the same basis as 
the rate that would be calculated for an equivalent period under an over-the-counter derivative ("OTC") 
transaction documented using the market standard interest rate definitions published by ISDA, i.e. the 
2006 Definitions or the 2021 Definitions, as applicable. These definitions provide a standard method of 
calculating interest and include certain fallback provisions which may be used to determine an interest 
rate in the event of temporary or permanent discontinuation of the relevant rate. 
When will "ISDA Determination" apply?  
"ISDA Determination" is applicable if "ISDA Determination" is elected as the method for calculating the 
rate of interest payable on the Securities.  
What are the 2006 Definitions? 
The 2006 Definitions is a definitional booklet published by ISDA, as amended and/or supplemented from 
time to time. 
What are the 2021 Definitions? 
The 2021 Definitions, including any Matrices referred to therein, is a definitional booklet published by 
ISDA, as amended and/or updated from time to time. 
Floating Rate Options 
What is a Floating Rate Option? 
The interest rate under an OTC transaction incorporating the ISDA Definitions would be determined by 
reference to the underlying benchmark, which is referred to as the "Floating Rate Option" in the ISDA 
Definitions. Such Floating Rate Option would be as specified by the parties to such OTC transaction. 
Alternatively, in the context of the 2021 Definitions only, the parties may refer to the "Floating Rate 
Options" as set out within the Floating Rate Matrix, as updated from time to time.  
For the purposes of a rate of interest to which "ISDA Determination" applies, the Floating Rate Option 
will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
What is the Floating Rate Matrix? 
The Floating Rate Matrix is only relevant for only such swap transactions which incorporate the 2021 
Definitions. It specifies certain standard characteristics of each Floating Rate Option (including the 
"Category" that such Floating Rate Option belongs to and its "Style"). These characteristics would 
previously have been described using "long-hand" legal drafting in the 2006 Definitions. 
What are the different types of Floating Rate Options? 
There are different types of Floating Rate Options, including the following: 
(a) 
an Overnight Floating Rate Option (see further "What is an Overnight Floating Rate Option?" 
below); and 
(b) 
an Index Floating Rate Option (see further "What is an Index Floating Rate Option?" below).

--- Page 148 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
122 
 
 
What is an Overnight Floating Rate Option? 
An Overnight Floating Rate Option is a Floating Rate Option that directly references an overnight rate. 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, the relevant benchmark will be identified as an "Overnight Rate" in 
the Floating Rate Matrix.  
What is an Index Floating Rate Option? 
An Index Floating Rate Option is a Floating Rate Option that either: 
(a) 
describes the level of a calculated index and, where the 2021 Definitions apply, the relevant 
benchmark will be identified as an "Index" in the Floating Rate Matrix; or 
(b) 
describes the level of an index that represents the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
rate investment and, where the 2021 Definitions apply, the relevant benchmark will be identified 
as a "Compounded Index" in the Floating Rate Matrix. 
What methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options? 
Certain compounding or averaging methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options where market 
participants require the flexibility to more accurately hedge cash products which use different 
methodologies. Further, certain compounding methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options 
which are indices with a view to providing a standardised way of calculating compounded rates, 
especially for less sophisticated market participants who may not have access to detailed financial data. 
In any case, this is a commercial (rather than a legal) consideration and therefore it is not mandatory that 
such methodologies must always apply. In fact, for certain Floating Rate Options (such as term rates), 
the application of a methodology is not consistent with the nature of the Floating Rate Option itself and, 
therefore, such considerations would not be relevant for such Floating Rate Options. 
Under the Conditions, it is possible to apply a compounding or an averaging methodology to an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option (see further, "Overnight Rate Compounding Methods" and "Overnight 
Rate Averaging Methods" below) or certain index methodologies to an Index Floating Rate Option (see 
further, "Index Methods" below). Where such methodologies apply, these will be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Overnight Rate Compounding Methods  
Which compounding methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options? 
Any of the following compounding methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options provided 
that such method is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
"OIS Compounding" (see further, "What is OIS Compounding?" below); 
(b) 
"Compounding with Lookback" (see further, "What is "Compounding with Lookback"?" 
below); 
(c) 
"Compounding with Observation Period Shift" (see further, "What is Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift?" below); and 
(d) 
"Compounding with Lockout" (see further, "What is Compounding with Lockout?" below). 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, any other overnight rate compounding method may also be specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
What is OIS Compounding? 
If "OIS Compounding" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for such day and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to 
determine the ISDA Rate for the relevant Interest Period; and

--- Page 149 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
123 
 
(b) 
the weighting to be given to the rate is determined by reference to each day in such Interest 
Period. 
As a result of the above, the compounded rate can be fixed only on the last Business Day of such Interest 
Period. Where the last Interest Period End Date and the Interest Payment Date fall on the same date, there 
is flexibility to push out such Interest Payment Date by switching on "Delayed Payment" in the applicable 
Issue Terms and also specify the period of delay (referred to as the "Delayed Interest Payment Dates"). 
It is further possible to cap and/or floor the daily observed rate by switching on the elections for "Daily 
Capped Rate" and/or "Daily Floored Rate", as applicable, in the applicable Issue Terms. 
What is "Compounding with Lookback"? 
If "Compounding with Lookback" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest 
Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for a day falling a certain number of Business Days prior to such date (referred to as 
the "Lookback") and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to determine 
the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the "Lookback" will either be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or set out in 
the relevant ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will depend on the relevant day in the Interest Period. 
What is Compounding with Observation Period Shift? 
If "Compounding with Observation Period Shift" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect 
of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for the corresponding day during an "observation period" which shadows such Interest 
Period (i.e. both the start and end dates of such Interest Period will be shifted by a specified 
number of days referred to as the "Observation Period Shift") and the levels of the daily 
observed rates will be compounded to determine the ISDA Rate for the relevant Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the "Observation Period Shift" will either be specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
or set out in the relevant ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will be determined on the basis of the relevant day in such 
observation period. 
There is flexibility to fix the rate in advance of the relevant Interest Period by switching on "Set-in-
Advance" in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case, the rate will be determined by reference to a 
period (a "set-in-advance observation period") ending prior to the beginning of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
What is Compounding with Lockout? 
If "Compounding with Lockout" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest 
Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
for each day in the Interest Period up and to (and including) a specified date falling a 
number of Business Days before the end of the Interest Period (the "Lockout Date"), 
on the basis of the rate observed for such day; and 
(ii) 
for each day in the Interest Period from (but excluding) the Lockout Date up to the end 
of the Interest Period (referred to as the "Lockout Period"), on the basis of the rate 
observed on the Lockout Date (i.e. a single rate will apply during the Lockout Period),

--- Page 150 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
124 
 
 
and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to determine the ISDA Rate for 
such Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the Lockout Period will either be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or set out 
in the relevant ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will be determined on the basis of the relevant day in such 
Interest Period, including during the Lockout Period. This essentially means that the designation 
of a Lockout Period will not impact the weighting given to the rate. 
Overnight Rate Averaging Methods 
Which averaging methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options? 
Any of the following averaging methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options provided 
that such method is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
"OIS Averaging" (see further, "What is "Overnight Averaging"?" below); 
(b) 
"Averaging with Lookback" (see further, "What is "Averaging with Lookback"?" below); 
(c) 
"Averaging with Observation Period Shift" (see further, "What is "Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift"?" below); and 
(d) 
"Averaging with Lockout" (see further, "What is "Averaging with Lockout"?" below). 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, any other overnight rate averaging method may be specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
What is "Overnight Averaging"? 
If "Overnight Averaging" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for such day and the levels of the daily observed rates will be averaged to determine 
the ISDA Rate for the relevant Interest Period; and 
(b) 
the weighting to be given to the rate is determined by reference to each day in such Interest 
Period. 
As a result of the above, the averaged rate can be fixed only on the last Business Day of such Interest 
Period. Where the last Interest Period End Date and the Interest Payment Date fall on the same date, there 
is flexibility to push out such Interest Payment Date by switching on "Delayed Payment" in the applicable 
Issue Terms and also specify the period of delay (i.e. referred to as the "Delayed Interest Payment 
Dates"). 
It is further possible to cap and/or floor the daily observed rate by switching on the elections for "Daily 
Capped Rate" and/or "Daily Floored Rate", as applicable, in the applicable Issue Terms. 
What is "Averaging with Lookback"? 
"Averaging with Lookback" is similar to "Compounding with Lookback" (see "What is "Compounding 
with Lookback"?" above), except that the ISDA Rate is determined by averaging (rather than 
compounding) the levels of the daily observed rates for the relevant Interest Period. 
What is "Averaging with Observation Period Shift"? 
"Averaging with Observation Period Shift" is similar to "Compounding with Observation Period Shift" 
(see "What is Compounding with Observation Period Shift?" above), except that the ISDA Rate is 
determined by averaging (rather than compounding) the levels of the daily observed rates for the relevant 
Interest Period.

--- Page 151 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
125 
 
What is "Averaging with Lockout"? 
"Averaging with Lockout" is similar to "Compounding with Lockout" (see "What is Compounding with 
Lockout?" above), except that the ISDA Rate is determined by averaging (rather than compounding) the 
levels of the daily observed rates for the relevant Interest Period. 
Index Methods 
Which methodologies may be applied to Index Floating Rate Options? 
In respect of Floating Rate Securities to which the 2021 Definitions apply, it is possible to apply the 
"Standard Index Method" (see further, "What is the "Standard Index Method"?" below) provided that 
such method is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Further, any of the following methodologies may be applied to Index Floating Rate Options provided 
that such method is specified as the Index Method in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
"Compounded Index Method" (see further, "What is the "Compounded Index Method"?" 
below); and 
(b) 
"Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift" (see further, "What is the 
"Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift"?" below); and 
(c) 
"All-In Compounded Index Method" (see further, "What is the "All-In Compounded Index 
Method"?"). 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, any other methodology may also be specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
What is the "Standard Index Method"? 
If the "Standard Index Method" applies to an Index Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period, 
the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be calculated as the rate of return of the relevant index over 
such Interest Period (essentially, by comparing the change in the index level between the start of such 
Interest Period and the end of such Interest Period). 
What is the "Compounded Index Method"? 
If the "Compounded Index Method" applies to an Index Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest 
Period, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the relevant compounded 
index over such relevant Interest Period (as above, by comparing the change in the compounded index 
level between the start of such Interest Period and the end of such Interest Period). 
What is the "Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift"? 
If the "Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift" applies to an Index Floating Rate 
Option in respect of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the relevant compounded 
index over the "observation period" which shadows such Interest Period (i.e. both the start and 
end dates of such Interest Period will be shifted by a specified number of days referred to as the 
"Observation Shift Period"); and 
(b) 
the length of the "Observation Period Shift" will either be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms or set out in the relevant ISDA Definitions. 
There is flexibility to fix the rate in advance of the relevant Interest Period by switching on "Set-in-
Advance" in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case, the rate will be determined by reference to a 
period (a "set-in-advance observation period") ending prior to the beginning of the relevant Interest 
Period.

--- Page 152 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
126 
 
 
What is the "All-In Compounded Index Method"? 
If the "All-In Compounded Index Method" applies to a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option in 
respect of an Interest Period, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the 
relevant compounded index over such relevant Interest Period (as above, by comparing the change in the 
compounded index level between the start of such Interest Period and the end of such Interest Period). 
Considerations relating to linear interpolation provisions 
If "ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the ISDA Definitions will apply to the relevant 
Floating Rate Option. The Floating Rate Option shall be determined at the level of the related swap or 
hedging arrangement by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, PROVIDED THAT if there is no 
rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the calculation 
agent for the relevant swap shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. In such circumstances, the linear interpolation provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.5(f) (Linear Interpolation) of the Conditions shall not apply to the Securities. 
Citigroup Inc., Its Management and Its Businesses Must Continually Review, Analyse and 
Successfully Adapt to Ongoing Regulatory and Legislative Uncertainties and Changes in the U.S. and 
Globally 
Despite the adoption of final regulations and laws in numerous areas impacting Citigroup Inc. and its 
businesses over the past several years, Citigroup Inc., its management and its businesses continually face 
ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes, both in the United States of America 
("U.S.") and globally. While the areas of ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes 
facing Citigroup Inc. are too numerous to list completely, various examples include, but are not limited 
to (i) potential fiscal, monetary, regulatory, tax and other changes arising from the U.S. federal 
government and other governments, including as a result of the differing priorities of the current U.S. 
presidential administration, changes in regulatory leadership or focus and actions of Congress or in 
response to the pandemic; (ii) potential changes to various aspects of the regulatory capital framework 
and requirements applicable to Citigroup Inc.; and (iii) future legislative and regulatory requirements in 
the U.S. and globally related to climate change, including any new disclosure requirements. When 
referring to "regulatory", Citigroup Inc. is including both formal regulation and the views and 
expectations of its regulators in their supervisory roles. 
U.S. and international regulatory and legislative initiatives have not always been undertaken or 
implemented on a coordinated basis, and areas of divergence have developed and continue to develop 
with respect to the scope, interpretation, timing, structure or approach, leading to inconsistent or even 
conflicting requirements, including within a single jurisdiction. For example, in May 2019, the European 
Commission adopted, as part of Capital Requirements Directive V ("CRD V"), a new requirement for 
major banking groups headquartered outside the EU (which would include Citigroup Inc.) to establish 
an intermediate EU holding company where the foreign bank has two or more institutions (broadly 
meaning banks, broker-dealers and similar financial firms) established in the EU. While in some respects 
the requirement mirrors an existing U.S. requirement for non-U.S. banking organisations to form U.S. 
intermediate holding companies, the implementation of the EU holding company requirement could lead 
to additional complexity with respect to Citigroup Inc.'s resolution planning, capital and liquidity 
allocation and efficiency in various jurisdictions.  
Moreover, ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes make Citigroup Inc.'s and its 
management's long-term business, balance sheet and strategic budget planning difficult, subject to 
change and potentially more costly. U.S. and other regulators globally have implemented and continue 
to discuss various changes to certain regulatory requirements, which would require ongoing assessment 
by management as to the impact to Citigroup Inc., its businesses and business planning. For example, 
while the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms and revised market risk framework have been finalised 
at the international level, there remain significant uncertainties with respect to the integration of these 
revisions into the U.S. regulatory capital framework. Business planning is required to be based on

--- Page 153 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
127 
 
possible or proposed rules or outcomes, which can change dramatically upon finalisation, or upon 
implementation or interpretive guidance from numerous regulatory bodies worldwide, and such guidance 
can change. 
Regulatory and legislative changes have also significantly increased Citigroup Inc.'s compliance risks 
and costs and can adversely affect Citigroup Inc.'s businesses, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Green Bonds 
The Issue Terms relating to any issuance of Securities which are Notes or Certificates may provide that 
it will be the relevant Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of such Securities 
to fund, in whole or in part, the financing or refinancing of "Eligible Green Assets", which refers to 
loans and/or investments made by entities within the Group for assets or projects that meet the Green 
Bond Eligibility Criteria (as specified in the Green Bond Framework) and do not meet any of the Green 
Bond Exclusionary Criteria (as specified in the Green Bond Framework) ("Green Bonds"). You should 
make your own independent decision to invest in Green Bonds and as to whether an investment in such 
Securities is appropriate or proper for you based upon your own judgement, circumstances and 
investment criteria or guidelines and upon advice from such advisers as you may deem necessary. 
Green Bond Framework 
The Group has developed a Green Bond Framework (the "Green Bond Framework") for securities 
issuances in order to finance or refinance projects related to climate change mitigation as well as projects 
that promote sustainable infrastructure. The below summary is based on the Green Bond Framework as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus. However, the Green Bond Framework may be amended, updated or 
consolidated from time to time and you should therefore refer to the most recent version of the Green 
Bond Framework (or any successor framework) which will be available on the Group's website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors/fixed-income-investor-relations/sustainable-debt-
securities) and the applicable Issue Terms for information on the use of proceeds of the relevant 
Securities. 
The Green Bond Framework has been developed in line with the Green Bond Principles 2018 as 
administered by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") and, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, has received a "second party opinion" provided by Sustainalytics as an independent 
consultant. Any such opinion is only current as of the date that opinion was issued and is not, nor should 
be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell 
or hold Green Bonds. You must determine for yourself the relevance of any such opinion and/or the 
information contained therein for the purpose of any investment in Green Bonds and must refer to the 
most recent version of the Green Bond Framework (or any successor framework) at the issue date of 
relevant Securities for information on any second party opinion and the provider thereof. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions are not subject to any specific oversight or 
regulatory or other regime. For the avoidance of doubt, the Green Bond Framework and any such opinion 
are not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Eligible Green Assets 
The Green Bond Eligibility Criteria specified in the Green Bond Framework seek to support projects 
("Eligible Green Projects") in one or more of the following areas (or any other eligible area described 
in the applicable Issue Terms): 
• 
Renewable energy: proceeds may be allocated towards the acquisition, development, operation 
and maintenance of new and ongoing renewable energy activities, including certain related 
costs. 
• 
Energy efficiency: proceeds may be allocated towards the financing or refinancing of warehouse 
facilities for residential energy efficiency loans or consumer finance companies that provide 
residential energy efficiency loans for projects or assets that reduce energy consumption or 
mitigate greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

--- Page 154 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
128 
 
 
• 
Sustainable transportation: proceeds may be allocated towards building or operating mass 
transit and creating or constructing infrastructure to support mass transit. 
• 
Water quality and conservation: proceeds may be allocated towards projects that improve water 
quality, efficiency and conservation. 
• 
Green building: proceeds may be allocated towards financing of existing or new construction / 
renovation of residential and commercial buildings that earn certain efficiency and 
environmental certifications. 
The Group has developed a list of exclusionary criteria ("Green Bonds Exclusionary Criteria") for the 
use of proceeds from the sale of Green Bonds (for example, certain large-scale hydropower plants, 
nuclear power plants and fossil fuel projects) and commits itself to not knowingly being involved in 
financing any such projects or activities through the proceeds of any such sale.  
Project Evaluation and Selection Process 
The Group's specialist teams, including the Sustainability & ESG team, formerly known as the Corporate 
Sustainability team, and the Environmental and Social Risk Management ("ESRM") teams, are 
responsible for screening potential eligible assets against the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria. Once 
screened, Eligible Green Assets will be added to a single pool that the Group maintains (the "Green 
Bond Asset Portfolio"). 
The Group's selection process for the Eligible Green Assets takes into account whether the potential 
eligible asset meets the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria for inclusion in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio. 
Additionally, each Eligible Green Asset is reviewed to ensure compliance with the Group's ESRM 
policies.  
If the investment by any entity within the Group in any asset in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is 
terminated or if an asset no longer meets the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria, the asset will be removed 
from the Green Bond Asset Portfolio. 
Management of Proceeds  
The Group's Sustainable Issuance Council is responsible for supervising the Green Bond Asset Portfolio 
and the aggregate amount of Green Bonds issued by entities within the Group with the aim of ensuring 
that the aggregate amount in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the aggregate 
amount raised by such Green Bonds. For this purpose, the aggregate size and maturity of the Green Bond 
Asset Portfolio is monitored quarterly. If for any reason the aggregate amount in the Green Bond Asset 
Portfolio is less than the aggregate amount of Green Bonds issued, the unallocated amount will be held 
in cash, cash equivalents and/or other liquid marketable instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) 
in the liquidity portfolio of the Group until the amount can be allocated towards the Green Bond Asset 
Portfolio. 
Reporting 
The Group publishes a report (the "Green and Social Bond Report") on its website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors/fixed-income-investor-relations/sustainable-debt-
securities) annually. The Green and Social Bond Report will cover all Green Bonds issued during the 
reporting period specified therein and any material changes to the Green Bond Asset Portfolio. You 
should note that no other or separate notification will be provided to investors in particular Green Bonds 
as to the Green Bond Asset Portfolio.  
The Green and Social Bond Report will give details of (i) the total amount of assets in the Green Bond 
Asset Portfolio and the total outstanding amount raised by Green Bond issuances; (ii) the eligible assets 
within the Green Bond Asset Portfolio along with the Group's financial commitments to the assets; (iii) 
the total amount of unallocated proceeds, if any; and (iv) environmental impacts of the Green Bond Asset 
Portfolio to the extent data is available and relevant for reporting and sound methodologies exist. Any 
such report is only current as of the date that report was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds.

--- Page 155 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
129 
 
Under the Green Bond Framework, the Group has also engaged external independent accountants to 
review management's assertion that the assets included in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio meet the Green 
Bond Eligibility Criteria and are not invested in assets as defined by the Green Bond Exclusionary 
Criteria and that the aggregate amount in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the 
aggregate amount raised by Green Bonds (or, to the extent the total amount of the outstanding bonds is 
less than the aggregate amount in Green Bond Asset Portfolio, that the difference is held in the manner 
described in the Green Bond Framework). Any review report is only current as of the date that report 
was issued and you must determine for yourself the relevance of any such report and/or the information 
contained therein for the purposes of your own investment considerations or expectations.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green and Social Bond Report nor the report of any third party 
is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Social Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
The Issue Terms relating to any issuance of Securities which are Notes or Certificates issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMHI may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal to the 
net proceeds of such Securities to fund the financing or refinancing, in whole or in part, of a portion of 
Citigroup's portfolio of affordable housing assets ("Social Bonds"). You should make your own 
independent decision to invest in Social Bonds and as to whether an investment in such Securities is 
appropriate or proper for you based upon your own judgement, circumstances and investment criteria or 
guidelines and upon advice from such advisers as you may deem necessary. 
Social Bonds shall not be issued by CGMFL. 
Social Bond Framework 
The Group has developed a Social Bond Framework for Affordable Housing (the "Social Bond 
Framework") for securities issuances in order to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, a portion of 
Citigroup's portfolio of affordable housing assets. The below summary is based on the Social Bond 
Framework as at the date of this Base Prospectus. However, the Social Bond Framework may be 
amended, updated or consolidated from time to time and you should therefore refer to the most recent 
version of the Social Bond Framework (or any successor framework) which will be available on the 
Group's 
website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors/fixed-income-investor-
relations/sustainable-debt-securities) and the applicable Issue Terms for information on the use of 
proceeds of the relevant Securities. 
The Social Bond Framework has been developed in line with the Social Bond Principles 2020, as 
administered by ICMA and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, received a "second party opinion" 
provided by Sustainalytics as an independent consultant. Any such opinion is only current as of the date 
that opinion was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Social Bonds. You must determine for yourself the 
relevance of any such opinion and/or the information contained therein for the purpose of any investment 
in Social Bonds and must refer to the most recent version of the Social Bond Framework (or any 
successor framework) at the issue date of relevant Securities for information on any second party opinion 
and the provider thereof. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions are not 
subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. For the avoidance of doubt, the Social 
Bond Framework and any such opinion are not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Asset Selection and Evaluation Process 
Under the Social Bond Framework, an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of Social Bonds is allocated 
to finance or refinance a portion of the Group's portfolio of affordable housing assets (the "Affordable 
Housing Bond Asset Portfolio"), which consist of selected eligible financing instruments which are 
used to finance the construction, rehabilitation and/or the preservation of quality affordable housing for 
low-moderate income populations in the United States (the "Social Bond Eligibility Criteria").  
If the investment in any asset in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is terminated or if an asset 
no longer meets the Social Bond Eligibility Criteria, the asset will be removed from the Affordable 
Housing Bond Asset Portfolio in the same calendar year in which the asset became ineligible.

--- Page 156 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
130 
 
 
Management of Proceeds 
The Group's Sustainable Issuance Council is responsible for oversight of the Affordable Housing Bond 
Asset Portfolio and monitoring the aggregate amount of Social Bonds issued by entities within the Group 
with the aim of ensuring that the aggregate amount in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is 
equal to or greater than the aggregate amount raised by such Social Bonds. For this purpose, the continued 
eligibility and aggregate size of the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is monitored quarterly. If 
for any reason the aggregate amount in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is less than the 
outstanding amount of Social Bonds issued, the unallocated amount will be held in cash, cash equivalents 
and/or other liquid marketable instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) until the amount can be 
allocated towards the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio. 
The Group has developed a list of exclusionary criteria ("Affordable Housing Exclusionary Criteria") 
for the proceeds of the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio (for example, certain loans or 
investments for projects outside the United States, mortgage-backed securities and other derivatives, etc., 
all as further described in the Social Bond Framework) and commits itself to not knowingly be involved 
in financing any such projects or activities through the proceeds of any such sale.  
Reporting 
The Group publishes a report (the "Green and Social Bond Report") on its website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors/fixed-income-investor-relations/sustainable-debt-
securities) annually. The Green and Social Bond Report will cover all Social Bonds issued during the 
reporting period specified therein and any material changes in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset 
Portfolio. You should note that no other or separate notification will be provided to investors in particular 
Social Bonds as to the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio.  
The Green and Social Bond Report will provide information on (i) the total outstanding par amount of 
Social Bonds issued during the reporting period; (ii) the total outstanding amount of funded financial 
assets that comprise the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio; (iii) the total amount of unallocated 
proceeds, if any, assigned to cash, cash equivalent and/or other liquid marketable instruments; and (iv) 
social impacts of the Social Bonds to the extent data is available and relevant for reporting. Any such 
report is only current as of the date that report was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Social Bonds. 
External Review 
Under the Social Bond Framework, the Group will also engage external independent accountants to 
review management's assertion that the assets included in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio 
meet the Social Bond Eligibility Criteria and are not invested in assets as defined by the Exclusionary 
Criteria and that the aggregate amount in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is equal to or 
greater than the aggregate amount raised by the issuance of Social Bonds (or, to the extent the total 
amount of the outstanding Social Bonds is less than the aggregate amount in the Affordable Housing 
Bond Asset Portfolio, that the difference is held in the manner described in the Social Bond Framework). 
Any review report is only current as of the date that report was issued and you must determine for yourself 
the relevance of any such report and/or the information contained therein for the purposes of your own 
investment considerations or expectations.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green and Social Bond Report nor the report of any third party 
is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Social Finance Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI  
The Issue Terms relating to any issuance of Securities which are Notes or Certificates issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMHI may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer's intention to allocate an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of such Securities to finance or refinance a portion of certain of the Group's portfolio of 
assets (such assets, the "Social Finance Assets" and any such portfolio, the "Social Finance Assets 
Portfolio") that meet Citigroup's Social Finance Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria (as specified in the 
Social Finance Framework) and do not meet any of the Social Finance Exclusionary Criteria (as specified 
in the Social Finance Framework). You should make your own independent decision to invest in the 
Social Finance Bonds and as to whether an investment in such Securities is appropriate or proper for you

--- Page 157 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
131 
 
based upon your own judgement, circumstances and investment criteria or guidelines and upon advice 
from such advisers as you may deem necessary. 
Social Finance Bonds shall not be issued by CGMFL. 
Social Finance Framework 
The Group has developed the Citigroup Social Finance Framework (the "Social Finance Framework") 
for securities issuances in order to support lending to social inclusive businesses across Citigroup's 
emerging market footprint. The below summary is based on the Social Finance Framework as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. However, the Social Finance Framework may be amended, updated or 
consolidated from time to time and you should therefore refer to the most recent version of the Social 
Finance Framework (or any successor framework) which will be available on the Group's website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors/fixed-income-investor-relations/sustainable-debt-
securities) and the applicable Issue Terms for information on the use of proceeds of the relevant 
Securities. 
The Social Finance Framework has been developed in line with the ICMA Social Bond Principles 2021 
and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, has received a "second party opinion" provided by 
Sustainalytics as an independent consultant. Any such opinion is only current as of the date that opinion 
was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold Social Finance Bonds. You must determine for yourself the 
relevance of any such opinion and/or the information contained therein for the purpose of any investment 
in Social Finance Bonds and must refer to the most recent version of the Social Finance Framework (or 
any successor framework) at the issue date of relevant Securities for information on any second party 
opinion and the provider thereof. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions 
are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Social Finance Framework and any such opinion are not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Social Finance Assets 
The Social Finance Assets must meet the Social Finance Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria by falling 
into one of the categories outlined below: 
(1) 
Access to essential services: financing towards expanding access to financial services to 
unbanked and underserved individuals and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and 
related costs; 
(2) 
Affordable housing: financing for companies and financial service providers enabling access to 
housing for underserved purchasers; 
(3) 
Affordable basic infrastructure: financing for companies that expand availability of water, 
sanitation, or clean energy; 
(4) 
Access to essential services (healthcare): financing for companies that expand access to 
inclusive healthcare, seek to ensure healthy lives and promote well-being; 
(5) 
Access to essential services (education): financing for companies and organisations that deliver 
and promote inclusive lifelong learning opportunities for all; and 
(6) 
Access to essential services (smallholder farmer finance): financing for social enterprises that 
deliver products and services to smallholder farmers.  
The Group has developed a list of exclusionary criteria for the use of the proceeds from Social Finance 
Bonds (the "Social Finance Exclusionary Criteria") (for example, certain loans or investments (i) for 
projects in high income economies as designated by the World Bank, (ii) in institutions not meeting 
locally designated employment regulations, (iii) supporting fossil fuel energy generation for last mile 
clients, (iv) where the financial strength and potential for economic loss to the Group on the investment 
has been assessed and classified as "Substandard", "Doubtful", or "Loss"; (v) in activities which are 
incompatible with the Social Finance Framework or the Group's social finance criteria or which generate 
significant adverse social impacts, (vi) which have matured or (vii) in "prohibited activities" as defined

--- Page 158 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
132 
 
 
in the Social Finance Framework). The Group commits itself to not intentionally including any of such 
projects or activities in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio. 
Eligible Social Finance Asset Selection and Evaluation Process 
The Group's specialist Social Finance team will review assets to check they meet the Social Finance 
Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria and will identify a unique Social Finance Asset Portfolio for the 
aggregate principal amount of securities issued during a given reporting period that are intended to be 
used for Social Finance Assets ("Social Finance Bonds"). Once screened, Social Finance Assets will be 
added to the relevant Social Finance Asset Portfolio. The selection process for the Social Finance Assets 
takes into account whether the potential eligible asset satisfies the criteria for inclusion in the Social 
Finance Assets Portfolio. Additionally, the selection of Social Finance Assets is also governed by risk 
approval guidelines and credit monitoring standards in each relevant jurisdiction. If the Group's 
investment in any asset in any Social Finance Asset Portfolio is terminated or if an asset no longer meets 
the Social Finance Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria or satisfies any of the Social Finance Exclusionary 
Criteria, the Social Finance team will remove such asset from the relevant Social Finance Asset Portfolio 
and may include additional eligible assets in a Social Finance Asset Portfolio. 
Management of Proceeds 
The Group's Sustainable Issuance Council is responsible for oversight of the Social Finance Asset 
Portfolio, and its responsibilities include monitoring the total aggregate amount of Social Finance Bonds 
issued and tracking the Social Finance Asset Portfolio. The Group aims to ensure that the aggregate 
amount in each Social Finance Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount raised by 
Social Finance Bonds issued during the associated reporting period by reviewing the aggregate size and 
maturity of the Social Finance Asset Portfolio each quarter. If for any reason the aggregate amount in 
any Social Finance Asset Portfolio is less than the total outstanding amount of such Social Finance Bonds 
issued, the Group will assign the unallocated balance to cash, cash equivalents and/or other liquid 
marketable instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) until the amount can be allocated towards 
the Social Finance Asset Portfolio. 
Reporting 
The Group publishes a report (the "Green and Social Bond Report") on its website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors/fixed-income-investor-relations/sustainable-debt-
securities) annually. The Green and Social Bond Report will cover allocation and impact reporting to the 
extent practical, for all Social Finance Bonds issued during the reporting period specified therein and 
will provide updated information should a material change in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio occur. 
You should note that no other or separate notification will be provided to investors in particular Social 
Finance Bonds as to the Social Finance Asset Portfolio. 
External Review 
The Group will engage external independent accountants to review management's assertion that the assets 
included in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio meet the Social Finance Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria 
and are not invested in assets defined in the Social Finance Exclusionary Criteria and that the aggregate 
amount in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount raised by 
the relevant Social Finance Bonds (or, to the extent the total amount of the relevant outstanding Social 
Finance Bonds is greater than the aggregate amount in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio, that the 
difference is held in the manner described in the Social Finance Framework). Any review report is only 
current as of the date that report was issued and you must determine for yourself the relevance of any 
such report and/or the information contained therein for the purposes of your own investment 
considerations or expectations.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green and Social Bond Report nor the report of any third party 
is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus and is not, nor 
should be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer to buy, sell or hold the Securities.

--- Page 159 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
133 
 
Securities or Underlying(s) (or, in the case of Preference Share Linked Securities, the Preference 
Share Underlying(s)) labelled or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", 
"inclusive" or similar objectives  
Securities which are Notes or Certificates or the Underlying(s) of Securities (or, in the case of Preference 
Share Linked Securities, the Preference Share Underlying(s)) (e.g. a Security Index) may be described 
or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar objectives.  
Notwithstanding the use of such term(s) in the title and/or marketing materials of the Securities or in the 
description of the Underlying(s) (or, in the case of Preference Share Linked Securities, the Preference 
Share Underlying(s)), such Securities or Underlying(s) (or, in the case of Preference Share Linked 
Securities, the Preference Share Underlying(s)) (or the administrator(s) thereof): 
• 
may not meet investors' objectives or expectations as regarding investments which are "green", 
"sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or other similar label; and/or 
• 
may not fulfil legislative or regulatory requirements or criteria as regarding investments which 
are "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or other similar label (including as set 
out under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy Regulation), 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services 
sector) and Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 (on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for 
bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and sustainability-linked bonds) or either of 
those regulations as they form part of the domestic law of the UK). 
There is currently no universally agreed framework (legal, regulatory, or any other) or market consensus 
on what constitutes a "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar product or the precise 
attributes required for a particular product to be defined as such, and no assurance can be given that such 
a universally accepted framework or consensus will develop over time. While there have been regulatory 
efforts in some jurisdictions and regions (particularly within the European Economic Area and the UK) 
to define similar concepts, the legal and regulatory framework governing sustainable finance is still 
developing and there can be no assurance that these local regimes will be more widely adopted in global 
financial markets.  
Accordingly, no assurance can be given to investors that any product will meet any or all of the investor's 
objectives or expectations regarding investments which are "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", 
"inclusive" or other similar label or that no adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will occur 
in the implementation of the product. 
Certain considerations relating to Bespoke Indices and Citi Proprietary Indices 
The index conditions and/or methodology of a Bespoke Index describe the manner in which the relevant 
index calculation agent performs all calculations, determinations, rebalancings and adjustments in respect 
of such Bespoke Index, and the limited circumstances in which the relevant index sponsor may amend 
the index conditions and/or methodology of such Bespoke Index. In addition you should be aware that 
the calculation of amounts payable on Securities relating to a Bespoke Index involves reference to an 
index that is administered and maintained and, in some cases, calculated and published by an affiliate of 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor, the level of which may not be widely 
published. The index conditions and/or methodology of a Citi Proprietary Index describe the conflicts of 
interest which may arise for the relevant index calculation agent and its affiliates. Only Exempt Securities 
may be Bespoke Index Linked Securities which reference a Citi Proprietary Index.  
Disruption of an index component of a Bespoke Index and determination of the level of such Bespoke 
Index 
The conditions and/or methodology of a Bespoke Index will set out the frequency of the publication of 
its level. In the event that the level, price, rate or value (as relevant) of any of its index components is not 
available for any reason, the relevant index calculation agent may calculate the level of such Bespoke 
Index for the relevant day by observing a valuation for the affected index component from a different 
day or may delay the calculation of the level of such Bespoke Index. Any such postponement or

--- Page 160 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
134 
 
 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
If "Component Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the level of the 
relevant Bespoke Index has been published for a particular day, then if such day (a) is not a day on which 
valuations of an index component of such Bespoke Index are scheduled to be observed, or (b) is a 
disrupted day for an index component of such Bespoke Index (each, howsoever defined in the relevant 
index conditions and/or methodology of such Bespoke Index), then any level of such Bespoke Index 
calculated and published by the relevant index calculation agent for such day may be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent may itself calculate the level of such Bespoke Index for 
such day in accordance with the then-current methodology of such Bespoke Index but may do so by 
reference to the level, price, rate or value (as relevant) of the index components of such Bespoke Index 
observed on subsequent days. This process may result in a level of such Bespoke Index for such day 
being calculated by the Calculation Agent which is different to the published level of such Bespoke Index 
and may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the relevant Securities. 
Payment of Issue Price 
Save as provided in the Conditions (including any costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses relating to the 
purchase, exercise and/or redemption of the Securities), the terms of the Securities are such that, in 
absence of error or overpayment by the Issuer, no payment is expected from Securityholders other than 
the Issue Price.

--- Page 161 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
135 
 
SECTION D – HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
This section provides a guide as to which parts of this Base Prospectus are relevant for particular 
Securities. 
Introduction 
This section provides potential investors with a tool to help them navigate the various sections relating 
to Securities issued by the Issuers under the Base Prospectus. 
Documentation 
For each issue of Securities under the Base Prospectus, the Base Prospectus will be available to potential 
investors on an ongoing basis and provide relevant information on the Issuers and the Securities. 
The Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus is comprised of sections which set out (i) information relating to each Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor (including documents incorporated by reference, risk 
factors and disclosure relating to the Issuers and Guarantors) and (ii) information relating to the Securities 
which may be issued under the Base Prospectus (including risk factors and disclosure relating to the 
Securities, the general terms and conditions of the Securities, the terms specific to each type of Security 
and the possible characteristics of the Securities, including provisions relating to the determination of 
interest and redemption or termination amounts). However, it is the Issue Terms that will set out the 
commercial terms and characteristics of a particular issue. See "The Issue Terms" below. 
The Supplement(s) 
If a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy arises relating to the information 
included in the Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting a potential investor's assessment of the 
Securities, the Issuers will publish a supplement to the Base Prospectus. The supplement will be approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and will also be published in the same manner as the 
Base Prospectus. 
If the Issuers publish a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Securities before the 
supplement is published shall, subject to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, have 
the right to withdraw their acceptances. Unless a longer mandatory period applies in the relevant country 
in which the offer of Securities has been accepted, any such withdrawal right must be exercised within 
two working days of publication of the supplement in accordance with Article 23(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The terms and conditions of the Securities and the terms on which they are offered and issued 
will be subject to the provisions of any such supplement. 
The Issue Terms 
The applicable Issue Terms will be prepared to document each specific issue of Securities and will be 
either: (i) for Securities other than Exempt Securities, the Final Terms together with, if required, a duly 
completed issue specific summary specific to such issue of Securities; or (ii) for Exempt Securities, the 
Pricing Supplement. 
In each case, the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will contain: 
(i) 
the specific terms of the issue, including but not limited to the aggregate principal amount or 
number of Securities being issued, the relevant identification codes and the type and currency 
of the Securities; 
(ii) 
the commercial terms of the issue, such as the details of the payout for redemption or 
termination, interest amounts, any automatic or optional early redemption or termination 
provisions and the related definitions for a specific issue of Securities, as described in the Base 
Prospectus and completed by the Issue Terms (in each case, depending on the type of Securities 
in question);

--- Page 162 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
136 
 
 
(iii) 
details of the Underlying(s) or any interest rate to which the Securities are linked; and 
(iv) 
the relevant dates, such as the issue date, interest payment date(s) and/or maturity date. 
How to navigate the Base Prospectus 
A wide range of Securities may be issued under the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus, along with 
any supplement(s), will be relevant for all Securities and provides (i) information on the Issuers and the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor, and (ii) information about all types of Securities that 
may be issued under the Base Prospectus. As described above, it is the Issue Terms which provide the 
commercial terms and characteristics of a particular issue and specify which sections of the Base 
Prospectus apply to that issue. Accordingly, not all of the information in the Base Prospectus will be 
relevant to a particular issue of Securities. 
The interaction of these sections is summarised in the following diagram. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
How to read the Issue Terms 
The applicable Issue Terms are divided into three parts: 
• 
Part A, called "CONTRACTUAL TERMS", which, together with any applicable Schedules and 
Appendices, provides the specific contractual terms of the Securities; 
• 
Part B, called "OTHER INFORMATION", which provides other disclosure information 
specific to the Securities; and 
Final Terms (with issue specific summary 
if required) or Pricing Supplement 
Specifies: (i) the type of securities; (ii) the 
Underlying(s) or Reference Rate(s); and 
(iii) the commercial terms, including the 
payout 
Relevant for all Securities 
Provides information on the Issuer and  
(where applicable) the Guarantor  
Provides information about all types  
of Securities that may be issued under the 
Base Prospectus. Not all information will 
be relevant to a particular issue of 
Securities 
Sections that apply depend on selections 
made in Issue Terms 
Base Prospectus 
1 
Issue Terms 
2 
Issue Terms and Base Prospectus together 
provide information on the Securities 
With 
supplement(s) 
if applicable

--- Page 163 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
137 
 
• 
in the case of Final Terms only and for Securities where an issue specific summary is required 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, an issue specific summary of the Securities will be 
attached to the Final Terms. 
The full forms of Final Terms and Pricing Supplement are set out in this Base Prospectus. The Issuers 
will complete the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (i.e. the Issue Terms) for each issue of Securities 
based on these forms.  
Notes and Certificates 
The following table provides a brief overview of the contents and each section of the Issue Terms for 
Notes and Certificates which may apply. 
Title of the section of the Issue Terms 
What information is provided in this section? 
Cover pages 
This section provides basic information on the 
Issuers and the Securities. 
This section is applicable to all Securities. 
Part A – Contractual Terms  
Initial line-items 1 - 12 
This section provides a description of, and 
definitions relating to, the Securities. It also 
provides information on and general commercial 
terms governing, the Securities. 
This section applies to all Securities. 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Underlying Linked 
Securities and Early Redemption 
This section provides descriptions and definitions 
in respect of any Underlyings relevant to the 
Securities. 
This section will only be relevant where the 
Securities are linked to or reference one or more 
Underlyings. One or more provisions of this 
section will apply to Securities depending on the 
type of Underlying(s) which are relevant. 
This section also sets out events relevant to the 
Underlyings and the Securities which may result 
in early redemption of the Securities and the 
amounts payable in the event that the Securities 
are early redeemed. 
Provisions relating to interest 
These sections detail the economic and payout 
interest terms of the Securities. 
These sections apply to all Securities. 
Provisions relating to Switcher Option 
Provisions relating to Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis 
This section will detail any provisions relating to 
changes in interest basis. 
This section will only be relevant where a change 
of interest basis applies to the Securities. 
Provisions relating to Zero Coupon Securities 
This section will detail any provisions relating to 
Zero Coupon Securities. 
This section will only be relevant where the 
Securities are Zero Coupon Securities.

--- Page 164 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
138 
 
 
Title of the section of the Issue Terms 
What information is provided in this section? 
Provisions relating to any issuer call, investor put, 
any mandatory early redemption, the redemption 
amount and any entitlement deliverable 
These sections detail the economic and payout 
redemption terms of the Securities. 
These sections apply to all Securities. 
Provisions relating to Credit Linked Notes 
This section will detail any provisions relating to 
Credit Linked Notes. 
This section will only be relevant where the Notes 
are Credit Linked Notes. 
Provisions relating to Index Skew Notes 
This section will detail any provisions relating to 
Index Skew Notes. 
This section will only be relevant where the 
Securities are Index Skew Notes. 
General provisions applicable to Securities 
This section provides additional information in 
respect of the Securities, including information 
relating to the form of the Securities, provisions 
relating to substitution of the obligors, provisions 
relating to determinations in respect of the 
Securities, additional provisions applicable to 
Italian Listed Certificates, provisions relating to 
events in respect of Reference Rates and 
benchmarks which may apply during the term of 
the Securities and provisions relating to TLAC 
eligible Securities and other general provisions 
relating to the Securities 
This section applies to all Securities 
Part B – Other Information 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
This section provides information in respect of 
the listing and admission to trading of the 
Securities. 
This section applies to all Securities. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in 
the issue/offer 
These sections provide information on the 
clearing and trading of the Securities, information 
in relation to certain Agents and additional 
information relating to the offer of the Securities. 
Reasons for the offer/use of proceeds, estimated 
net proceeds and expenses 
Operational information 
These sections apply to all Securities. 
Distribution 
Terms and conditions of the offer 
This section provides additional information 
relating to the public offer of the Securities. 
This section will apply where there is a non-
exempt offer to the public. 
Ratings 
These sections provide additional disclosure in 
respect of the Securities. 
Yield

--- Page 165 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
139 
 
Title of the section of the Issue Terms 
What information is provided in this section? 
Information 
about 
the 
past 
and 
future 
performance and volatility of the or each 
Underlying and the floating rate of interest 
EU Benchmark Regulation 
Disclaimers 
These 
sections 
will 
include 
applicable 
information where relevant. 
Examples to explain how the value of the 
investment is affected by the value of the 
Underlying(s) 
Credit Linked Notes information 
 
United States tax considerations 
This section describes the United States tax 
categorisation in respect of the Securities. 
This section applies to all Securities. 
Schedules, Appendices and Summary 
 
Schedules and Appendices 
These sections will detail any additional 
provisions relating to interest rates and/or Credit 
Linked Notes. 
This section will only be relevant where cross-
referred to in Part A. 
Summary 
This section provides summary information on 
the Base Prospectus, the Issuers and the 
Securities. 
This section will only be included if required. 
 
Warrants and Exercisable Certificates 
The following table provides a brief overview of the contents and each section of the Issue Terms for 
Warrants and Exercisable Certificates which may apply. 
Title of the section of the Issue Terms 
What information is provided in this section? 
Cover pages 
This section provides basic information on the 
Issuers and the Securities. 
This section is applicable to all Securities. 
Part A – Contractual Terms  
 
Initial line-items 1 – 20 
This section provides a description of, and 
definitions relating to, the Securities. It also 
provides information on and general commercial 
terms governing, the Securities. 
This section applies to all Securities. 
Interest (if any) 
This section details the economic and interest 
payout terms of the Securities.

--- Page 166 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
140 
 
 
This section will only be relevant where the 
Securities pay interest. 
Put/Call 
[Spread] 
[Delta 
One] 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
This section details the economic and settlement 
payout terms of the Securities and provisions 
relating to exercise of the Securities. 
This section applies to all Securities. 
Terms relating to Underlying(s) for Put/Call 
Warrants/Certificates, 
Put/Call 
Spread 
Warrants/Certificates/ 
Delta 
One 
Warrants/Certificates 
This section provides descriptions and definitions 
in respect of any Underlyings relevant to the 
Securities and provisions relating to events in 
respect of benchmarks and Reference Rates 
which may apply during the term of the 
Securities. 
 
One or more provisions of this section will apply 
to Securities depending on the type of 
Underlying(s) which are relevant. 
 
This section also sets out events relevant to the 
Underlyings and the Securities which may result 
in early termination of the Securities. 
Part B – Other Information 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
This section provides information in respect of 
the listing and admission to trading of the 
Securities. 
This section applies to all Securities. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in 
the issue/offer 
These sections provide information on the 
clearing and trading of the Securities and 
additional information relating to the offer of the 
Securities. 
Reasons for the offer, estimated net proceeds and 
total expenses 
Operational information 
These sections apply to all Securities. 
Distribution 
Yield 
These sections provide additional disclosure in 
respect of the Securities. 
Information 
about 
the 
past 
and 
further 
performance and volatility of the or each 
Underlying 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks 
Additional U.S. federal income tax consequences 
This section describes the United States tax 
categorisation in respect of the Securities. 
This section applies to all Securities. 
Disclaimers 
These 
sections 
will 
include 
applicable 
information where relevant. 
Secondary trading

--- Page 167 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
141 
 
Examples to explain how the value of the 
investment is affected by the value of the 
Underlying(s) 
Summary 
 
Summary 
This section provides summary information on 
the Base Prospectus, the Issuers and the 
Securities. 
This section will only be included if required. 
 
How to read the Base Prospectus 
For a particular issue of Securities, the following sections of this Base Prospectus will be relevant, as 
further described in the relevant Issue Terms: 
Title of the sections of the 
Base Prospectus which 
are relevant: 
Types of Securities to which 
the relevant sections are 
applicable: 
Description of the 
relevant sections: 
Relevant page 
numbers: 
Types of Securities: 
• 
Front Cover (including 
Important 
Notices, 
Responsibility 
Statement, 
Important 
information relating to 
the use of this Base 
Prospectus and offers 
of Securities generally, 
PRIIPs/Important 
– 
EEA Retail Investors, 
PRIIPs/Important – UK 
Retail Investors, U.S. 
Information, Available 
Information, 
information relating to 
sales of Securities in 
various 
jurisdictions 
and 
product 
governance) 
ALL Securities 
These 
Sections 
provide 
information on the 
Base 
Prospectus, 
the Issuers and the 
offer of Securities. 
i to xx 
• 
Section 
A: 
General 
Description 
of 
the 
Programme 
1 to 10 
• 
Section B: Risk Factors 
ALL Securities 
These Sections set 
out 
the 
risks 
relating 
to 
the 
Issuers 
and 
the 
Guarantors and the 
Securities. Certain 
additional 
considerations are 
also set out in 
Section C. In both 
cases, 
the 
11 to 113 
• 
Section C: Investment 
Considerations 
114 to 134

--- Page 168 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
142 
 
 
Title of the sections of the 
Base Prospectus which 
are relevant: 
Types of Securities to which 
the relevant sections are 
applicable: 
Description of the 
relevant sections: 
Relevant page 
numbers: 
information which 
is 
relevant 
will 
depend on the type 
of Securities. 
• 
Section D: How to Use 
This Document 
ALL Securities 
 
135 to 150 
• 
Section E: Documents 
incorporated 
by 
reference and available 
for 
inspection 
and 
Supplements 
ALL Securities 
These Sections set 
out 
information 
relating 
to 
the 
Issuer 
and 
(if 
applicable) 
the 
Guarantor. 
The 
information which 
is 
relevant 
will 
depend 
on 
the 
Issuer 
and/or 
Guarantor of the 
relevant Securities. 
151 to 187 
• 
Section F: Information 
relating to the Issuers 
and Guarantors 
188 to 221 
• 
Section 
G: 
General 
Information Relating to 
the Programme and the 
Securities 
ALL Securities 
This Section sets 
out 
a 
general 
description of the 
Programme. 
222 to 430 
– 
Description of the 
Return 
on 
the 
Securities 
ALL Securities 
This Section sets 
out a description of 
the 
return 
on 
certain types of 
Securities. 
The 
information 
which is relevant 
will depend on the 
type of Securities. 
235 to 256 
– 
General 
Information 
Relating 
to 
the 
Issue of Securities 
under this Base 
Prospectus 
ALL Securities 
These Sections set 
out certain general 
information 
relating 
to 
the 
listing and clearing 
system(s) relevant 
to the Securities, 
information 
relating to post-
issuance 
information 
and 
information 
on 
underlying assets 
and interest rates, 
information 
relating to the issue 
223 to 225 
– 
Issue of Securities 
226 to 227 
– 
Form 
of 
the 
Securities 
257 to 262 
– 
Book 
Entry 
Clearance Systems 
263 to 269

--- Page 169 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
143 
 
Title of the sections of the 
Base Prospectus which 
are relevant: 
Types of Securities to which 
the relevant sections are 
applicable: 
Description of the 
relevant sections: 
Relevant page 
numbers: 
– 
ERISA Matters 
and form of the 
Securities, 
information 
relating 
to 
restrictions on who 
can purchase the 
Securities 
in 
certain 
jurisdictions 
and 
certain 
tax 
considerations. 
270 to 270 
– 
Subscription 
and 
Sale and Transfer 
and 
Selling 
Restrictions 
271 to 324 
– 
Taxation 
of 
Securities 
325 to 428 
– 
Important 
information 
relating to offers of 
Securities 
which 
are 
Notes 
or 
Certificates 
Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates only 
This section sets 
out 
information 
relating to the offer 
of Securities which 
are 
Notes 
or 
Certificates 
(including details 
of certain offers of 
Securities 
which 
straddle the date of 
approval of the 
Base Prospectus) 
228 to 234 
– 
Description of the 
Preference Shares 
and the Preference 
Share Company 
Preference Share Linked 
Securities Only 
This sections sets 
out 
information 
that is relevant to 
Preference 
Share 
Linked Securities. 
429 to 430 
• 
Section H: Terms and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Securities: 
 
These Section set 
out 
the 
general 
terms 
and 
conditions relating 
to the Securities. 
431 to 2042 
– 
General 
Conditions of the 
Notes 
and 
Certificates 
Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates Only 
436 to 510 
– 
General 
Conditions of the 
Warrants 
and 
Exercisable 
Certificates 
Securities which are Warrants 
or Exercisable Certificates 
Only 
511 to 565 
– 
Schedules to the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the 
Securities: 
The Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the Securities 
will 
depend 
on 
which 
underlying 
assets 
the 
Securities are linked to, see 
below in relation to the 
different 
Underlying 
Schedules. 
These Sections set 
out the terms and 
conditions relating 
to 
underlying 
assets 
and 
particular types of 
Securities. 
566 to 1317

--- Page 170 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
144 
 
 
Title of the sections of the 
Base Prospectus which 
are relevant: 
Types of Securities to which 
the relevant sections are 
applicable: 
Description of the 
relevant sections: 
Relevant page 
numbers: 
The other Schedules set out 
terms and conditions for 
particular types of Securities 
which will apply if specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, 
see below in relation to the 
other Schedules. 
• 
Form of Final Terms – 
Notes and Certificates 
Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates 
and 
are 
not 
Exempt Securities only 
This is a template 
of the Final Terms 
document 
which 
will be completed 
with 
the 
issue 
specific details of a 
Tranche 
of 
Securities 
which 
are 
Notes 
or 
Certificates 
and 
are not Exempt 
Securities 
1318 to 1632 
• 
Form 
of 
Pricing 
Supplement – Notes 
and Certificates 
Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates and are Exempt 
Securities only 
This is a template 
of 
the 
Pricing 
Supplement which 
will be completed 
with 
the 
issue 
specific details of a 
Tranche 
of 
Securities 
which 
are 
Notes 
or 
Certificates 
and 
are 
Exempt 
Securities 
1633 to 1942 
• 
Form of Final Terms – 
Warrants 
and 
Exercisable 
Certificates 
Securities which are Warrants 
or Exercisable Certificates 
and are not Exempt Securities 
only 
This is a template 
of the Final Terms 
document 
which 
will be completed 
with 
the 
issue 
specific details of a 
Tranche 
of 
Securities 
which 
are Warrants or 
Exercisable 
Certificates 
and 
are not Exempt 
Securities 
1943 to 1979 
• 
Form 
of 
Pricing 
Supplement – Warrants 
and 
Exercisable 
Certificates 
Securities which are Warrants 
or Exercisable Certificates 
and are Exempt Securities 
only 
This is a template 
of 
the 
Pricing 
Supplement which 
will be completed 
with 
the 
issue 
specific details of a 
Tranche 
of 
Securities 
which 
1980 to 2042

--- Page 171 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
145 
 
Title of the sections of the 
Base Prospectus which 
are relevant: 
Types of Securities to which 
the relevant sections are 
applicable: 
Description of the 
relevant sections: 
Relevant page 
numbers: 
are Warrants or 
Exercisable 
Certificates 
and 
are 
Exempt 
Securities 
• 
Section I: Index of 
Defined Terms 
ALL Securities 
This Section lists 
all defined terms in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus. 
2043 to 2069 
• 
Section 
J: 
Names, 
Addresses and Roles 
ALL Securities 
This Section sets 
out 
the 
names, 
addresses and roles 
of the principal 
parties in relation 
to the Securities. 
2070 to 2075 
 
Title of the sections of the 
Base Prospectus which 
are relevant: 
Types of Securities to which 
the relevant sections are 
applicable: 
Description of the 
relevant sections: 
Relevant page 
numbers: 
Schedules and related risk factors: 
• 
Underlying Schedules 
to 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Securities: 
 
These sections set 
out 
terms 
and 
conditions relating 
to 
underlying 
assets. 
One 
or 
more 
sections may apply 
depending on the 
Underlying(s). The 
Issue Terms will 
specify 
the 
Underlying(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Securities 
are 
linked. 
431 to 1317 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 
1 
(Security 
Index 
Conditions) 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms specify that the 
Securities are linked to one 
or more security indices. 
566 to 577 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Securities 
linked to Security 
Indices 
31 to 34 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 
2 
(Inflation 
Index 
Conditions) 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms specify that the 
Securities are linked to one 
or more inflation indices. 
578 to 582 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Securities 
linked to Inflation 
Indices 
34 to 35 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 
3 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms specify that the 
583 to 589

--- Page 172 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
146 
 
 
Title of the sections of the 
Base Prospectus which 
are relevant: 
Types of Securities to which 
the relevant sections are 
applicable: 
Description of the 
relevant sections: 
Relevant page 
numbers: 
(Commodity Index 
Conditions) 
Securities are linked to one 
or more commodity indices. 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Securities 
linked 
to 
Commodity 
Indices 
35 to 37 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 
4 
(Commodity 
Conditions) 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
Securities are linked to one or 
more commodities. 
590 to 595 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Securities 
linked 
to 
Commodities 
37 to 38 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 5 (Share 
Conditions) 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
Securities are linked to one or 
more shares. 
596 to 606 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Securities 
linked to Shares 
38 to 40 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 
6 
(Depositary 
Receipt 
Conditions) 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
Securities are linked to one or 
more depositary receipts. 
607 to 616 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Securities 
linked 
to 
Depositary 
Receipts 
 
40 to 42 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 
7 
(Exchange Traded 
Fund (ETF) Share 
Conditions) 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
Securities are linked to one or 
more ETF shares. 
617 to 623 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Securities 
linked 
to 
ETF 
Shares 
42 to 43 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 
8 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
624 to 631

--- Page 173 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
147 
 
Title of the sections of the 
Base Prospectus which 
are relevant: 
Types of Securities to which 
the relevant sections are 
applicable: 
Description of the 
relevant sections: 
Relevant page 
numbers: 
(Mutual 
Fund 
Conditions) 
Securities are linked to one or 
more mutual funds. 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Securities 
linked to Mutual 
Fund Interests 
43 to 45 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 9 (FX 
Rate Conditions) 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
Securities are linked to one or 
more 
currency 
exchange 
rates. 
632 to 641 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Securities 
linked to currency 
exchange rates 
45 to 47 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 
10 
(Bespoke 
Index 
Conditions) 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
Securities are linked to one or 
more bespoke or proprietary 
indices. 
 
642 to 646 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Securities 
linked to Bespoke 
Indices 
47 to 49 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 
11 
(Dividend Futures 
Contract 
Conditions) 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
Securities are linked to one or 
more 
dividend 
futures 
contracts. 
647 to 650 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Securities 
linked to Dividend 
Futures Contracts 
49 to 52 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 12 (Rate 
Conditions) 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms specify that the 
Securities are linked to one 
or more interest rates. 
651 to 653 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Securities 
linked to Rates 
52 to 53 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Securities 
linked to Rates and 
Benchmark 
Reform 
55 to 62

--- Page 174 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
148 
 
 
Title of the sections of the 
Base Prospectus which 
are relevant: 
Types of Securities to which 
the relevant sections are 
applicable: 
Description of the 
relevant sections: 
Relevant page 
numbers: 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 
13 
(Preference Share 
Conditions) 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms specify that the 
Securities are linked to one 
or more preference shares. 
654 to 658 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Securities 
linked 
to 
Preference Shares 
53 to 54 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 17 (Debt 
Security 
Conditions) 
Securities which are Warrants 
or Exercisable Certificates 
and are Exempt Securities 
only. 
Applicable where the Pricing 
Supplement specifies that the 
Warrants are linked to one or 
more debt securities. 
 
974 to 975 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Warrants 
linked 
to 
Debt 
Securities 
54 to 54 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 
14 
(Credit 
Linked 
Conditions) 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms specify that the Notes 
are Credit Linked Notes 
linked to the credit of one or 
more specified entities. 
These 
sections 
provide 
an 
introduction 
to 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions 
Frequently Asked 
Questions and set 
out 
terms 
and 
conditions relating 
to Credit Linked 
Notes and Index 
Skew Notes. 
The sections that 
apply to the Notes 
will depend on the 
type of Notes. The 
Issue Terms will 
specify the type of 
Notes. 
659 to 950 
– 
Risks specific to 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes 
92 to 112 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 15 (Index 
Skew Conditions) 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms specify that the Notes 
are Index Skew Notes. 
951 to 965 
– 
Risks specific to 
Index Skew Notes 
92 to 113 
– 
Underlying 
Schedule 
16 
(Credit 
Linked 
Warrant 
Conditions) 
Securities which are Warrants 
or Exercisable Certificates 
and are Exempt Securities 
only. 
Applicable where the Issue 
Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
Warrants are Credit Linked 
Warrants linked to the credit 
of one or more specified 
entities. 
This section sets 
out 
terms 
and 
conditions relating 
to Credit Linked 
Warrants. 
966 to 973 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with Warrants and 
Exercisable 
Certificates 
and 
certain types of 
85 to 88

--- Page 175 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
149 
 
Title of the sections of the 
Base Prospectus which 
are relevant: 
Types of Securities to which 
the relevant sections are 
applicable: 
Description of the 
relevant sections: 
Relevant page 
numbers: 
Security 
and 
product feature – 
Credit 
Linked 
Warrants 
• 
Schedules to the Terms 
and Conditions of the 
Securities: 
 
 
566 to 1317 
– 
Schedule 
A 
(Citigroup 
Inc. 
TLAC 
eligible 
Notes) 
Applicable only for Securities 
issued by Citigroup Inc. 
where the Issue Terms specify 
that Schedule A applies. 
This section sets 
out provisions for 
certain Securities 
issued 
by 
Citigroup Inc.. 
976 to 977 
– 
Schedule 
B 
(APAC 
Compliance 
Schedule) 
Securities where Indian / 
China / Taiwan Compliance 
Representations, Warranties 
and Undertakings apply or 
additional provisions relating 
to the China Connect Service 
apply and/or the Securities are 
APAC / APAC Convertible 
Bond / Indian / China/ Taiwan 
Participation Certificates. 
This section sets 
out 
deemed 
representations and 
warranties 
for 
certain types of 
Security. 
978 to 991 
 
Title of the sections of the 
Base Prospectus which 
are relevant: 
Types of Securities to which 
the relevant sections are 
applicable: 
Description of the 
relevant sections: 
Relevant page 
numbers: 
Payout terms of Securities: 
• 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Schedule 
 
 
992 to 1317 
– 
Part A: Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Schedule for Notes 
and Certificates: 
All Note and Certificates 
These 
sections 
detail 
the 
economic 
or 
payout terms of the 
Securities. 
The Issue Terms 
will specify which 
of the Conditions 
in the Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Schedule for Note 
and 
Certificates 
apply 
to 
the 
Securities. 
992 to 1260 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with 
Notes 
and 
Certificates 
and 
certain types of 
Security 
and 
product features 
62 to 76 
– 
Description of the 
Return 
on 
the 
Securities 
– 
Securities 
which 
235 to 256

--- Page 176 ---
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
150 
 
 
Title of the sections of the 
Base Prospectus which 
are relevant: 
Types of Securities to which 
the relevant sections are 
applicable: 
Description of the 
relevant sections: 
Relevant page 
numbers: 
are 
Notes 
or 
Certificates 
– 
Part B: Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Schedule 
for 
Warrants 
and 
Exercisable 
Certificates 
All Warrants and Exercisable 
Certificates 
These 
sections 
detail 
the 
economic 
or 
payout terms of the 
Warrants 
and 
Exercisable 
Certificates. 
The 
applicable 
Issue Terms will 
specify which of 
the Conditions in 
the Valuation and 
Settlement 
Schedule 
for 
Warrants 
and 
Exercisable 
Certificates apply 
to the Securities. 
1261 to 1317 
– 
Risks 
associated 
with  Warrants and 
Exercisable 
Certificates 
and 
certain types of 
Security 
and 
product features 
76 to 92

--- Page 177 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS 
151 
 
SECTION E – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR 
INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS

--- Page 178 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
152 
 
 
SECTION E.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP 
INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
Documents incorporated by reference 
The following documents which have previously been published and/or filed with the CSSF, the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or Euronext Dublin and/or the Central Bank are incorporated in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus in accordance with the cross-reference list for information incorporated 
by reference set out below:  
(1) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
"SEC") on 23 February 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K") (which is published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202402/8e13ac32-a379-4eff-922a-7071b92a5d70.pdf); 
(2) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2024 
filed with the SEC on 3 May 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q") (which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202405/e4bb803a-12fa-44c8-8de2-
82fba8ca560b.pdf); 
(3) 
the Current Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 10 July 2024 (the 
"Citigroup Inc. 10 July 2024 Form 8-K") in connection with the announcement of certain 
consent orders in respect of Citigroup Inc. and Citibank N.A. (which is published on the website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202407/be6871a5-9a42-4b9f-8258-92232b79e23c.pdf); 
(4) 
the Current Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 12 July 2024 (the 
"Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 8-K") in connection with the publication of its Quarterly 
Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 June 2024 (which is published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202407/6442c185-e1a4-4b85-9099-f7cc476d9025.pdf);  
(5) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended 30 June 
2024 filed with the SEC on 2 August 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10-Q") (which 
is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202408/1737e9be-d281-431e-a902-
cdca5dac3ccb.pdf); 
(6) 
the Current Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 15 October 2024 (the 
"Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 8-K") in connection with the publication of its Quarterly 
Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 September 2024 (which is published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202410/e15e0993-982c-46fc-a8db-1ff88de02617.pdf); 
(7) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended 
30 September 2024 filed with the SEC on 7 November 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 
Form 10-Q") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202411/2462da08-5e6a-4260-884a-
c672bf5ad739.pdf); 
(8) 
the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2023 (the 
"2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN Base Prospectus") (which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202312/7429d48e-015c-4eea-851d-c5fe82f845d6.PDF), as supplemented 
by a ULN Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 30 January 2024 (the "2023 Citigroup Inc. 
ULN BP Supplement No.1") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202401/ad2ab1b6-
3964-403b-b2f1-fe792a0e2f98.pdf), a ULN Base Prospectus Supplement No.2 dated 13 March 
2024 (the "2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN BP Supplement No.2") (which is published on the

--- Page 179 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
153 
 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202403/2eae9935-8177-4513-a348-e8e37c3293bc.pdf), 
a 
ULN 
Base 
Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 30 April 2024 (the "2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN BP 
Supplement No.3") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202404/dd26341f-06f1-4bf1-9135-
79b6e307913d.pdf), a ULN Base Prospectus Supplement No.5 dated 30 July 2024 (the "2023 
Citigroup Inc. ULN BP Supplement No.5") (which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202407/25771652-881e-4b7d-ab21-54b0528b35cc.pdf) and a ULN Base 
Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 21 August 2024 (the "2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN BP 
Supplement No.6") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202408/9bd01998-5deb-4695-b9f3-
2b2d465fa68f.pdf); and 
(9) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus dated 5 July 2024 (the "2024 Citigroup Inc. Rates 
Base Prospectus") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202407/723b1bfe-82b6-4f93-9da6-
a98bca573bce.pdf) as supplemented by a Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 30 
July 2024 (the "2024 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1") (which is published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202407/c1f66342-8ac9-4679-a033-84adfac2c247.pdf) and a Rates Base 
Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 21 August 2024 (the "2024 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP 
Supplement No.2") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202408/827ccded-fe49-4406-bb84-
25d282dc509f.pdf). 
The following information contained on the pages of the relevant document(s) as set out below is 
incorporated by reference:  
1. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2023 and 
2022 and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021, as set out in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2023 Form 10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
144-145 
(b)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
146-147 
(c)  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
148-149 
(d)  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
150-151 
(e)  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
152-313 
(f)  
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – 
Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 
2023 and 2022 and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 
2021 
139-142 
2. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-
K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment Revenues and Income (Loss) and Select 
Balance Sheet Items by Segment 
4-30 
(b)  
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes

--- Page 180 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
154 
 
 
 
(i) 
Services, Markets, Banking, U.S. Personal Banking, Wealth, 
All Other – Divestiture-Related Impacts (Reconciling Items) 
and All Other – Managed Basis 
14-30 
 
(ii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
167-170 
(c)  
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 14 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
201-209 
(d)  
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment Revenues and 
Income (Loss) and Select Balance Sheet Items by Segment 
4-30 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
31-47 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors, including the following: 
48-65 
 
(I) 
the market-related risks 
48-49 
 
(I) 
the strategic risks 
49-54 
 
(III) 
the operational risks 
54-58 
 
(IV) 
the credit risks 
58 
 
(V) 
the liquidity risks 
58-59 
 
(VI) 
the compliance risks 
59-61 
 
(VII) 
the other risks 
61-62 
 
(iv) 
Climate Change and Net Zero 
62-63 
 
(v) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
130-136 
 
(vi) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
152-163 
(e)  
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
136 
(f)  
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
303-309 
(g)  
Executive Officers 
319-320 
(h)  
Citigroup Board of Directors 
321 
(i)  
Risk Management 
68-129 
(j)  
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
323-328 
3. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
90-91 
(b)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
92-93 
(c)  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
94

--- Page 181 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
155 
 
(d)  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
96-97 
(e)  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
98-201 
4. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-25 
(b)  
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income 
(Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-25 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
74 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
104-105 
(c)  
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 13 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
119-126 
(d)  
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
3-25 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures, Disclosure 
Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria 
Human Rights Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
80-88 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies 
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
98-100 
(e)  
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 27 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
199-200 
(f)  
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
39-79 
5. 
Announcement relating to Citigroup Inc. as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 10 July 2024 Form 
8-K 
 
 
Page(s) of the 
pdf document 
(a)  
Consent Order, dated 10 July 2024, issued by the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System 
Exhibit Number 
99.2 on pages 6-
11

--- Page 182 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
156 
 
 
(b)  
Consent Order, dated 10 July 2024, issued by the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 
99.3 on pages 12-
18 
(c)  
Amendment, dated 10 July 2024, to the Consent Order, dated 7 October 
2020 issued by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 
99.4 on pages 19-
29 
6. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the quarter ended 
30 June 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) of the 
pdf document 
(a)  
Press Release, dated 12 July 2024, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 
99.1 on pages 4-
17 
(b)  
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 30 June 2024 
Exhibit Number 
99.2 on pages 18-
40 
7. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10 Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
102-103 
(b)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
104-105 
(c)  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
106 
(d)  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
108-109 
(e)  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
110-221 
8. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 
Form 10 Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-33 
(b)  
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income 
(Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-33 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
85 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
114-115

--- Page 183 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
157 
 
(c)  
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 13 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
129-136 
(d)  
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
3-33 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures, Disclosure 
Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria 
Human Rights Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
91-99 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies 
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
110-111 
(e)  
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 27 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
219-220 
(f)  
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
47-90 
9. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the quarter ended 
30 September 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) of the 
pdf document 
(a) 
Press Release, dated 15 October 2024, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 
99.1 on pages 4-
18 
(b) 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 30 September 2024 
Exhibit Number 
99.2 on pages 19-
41 
10. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine 
months ended 30 September 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 10 Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
98-99 
(b)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
100-101 
(c)  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
102 
(d)  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
104-105 
(e)  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
106-218 
11. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 
Form 10 Q: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 184 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
158 
 
 
(a)  
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-29 
(b)  
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income 
(Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-29 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
81 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
110-112 
(c)  
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 13 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
127-134 
(d)  
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
3-29 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures, Disclosure 
Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria 
Human Rights Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
87-96 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies 
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
106-107 
(e)  
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 27 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
217 
(f)  
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
43-86 
12. 
As set out in the 2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Section G.1 – General Conditions of the Securities 
313-377 
(b)  
Section G.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
378-848 
(c)  
Section G.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
849-1055 
(d)  
Section G.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1056-1257 
13. 
As set out in the 2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 185 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
159 
 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 2 – Amendments to General Conditions of the Securities 
11 
14. 
As set out in the 2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
19 
15. 
As set out in the 2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
11-13 
16. 
As set out in the 2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
13-14 
(b)  
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
15-16 
17. 
As set out in the 2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN BP Supplement No.6: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule – Amendments to the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
14-15 
18. 
As set out in the 2024 Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Section H.1 – General Conditions of the Notes 
399-477 
(b)  
Section H.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
478-979 
(c)  
Section H.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
980-1214 
(d)  
Section H.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1215-1439 
19. 
As set out in the 2024 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 4 – Amendments to Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked 
Conditions) – Part B: Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
21-23

--- Page 186 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
160 
 
 
(b)  
Schedule 5 – Amendments to Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew 
Conditions) – Part B: Index Skew Conditions 
24 
(c)  
Schedule 6 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
25-40 
(d)  
Schedule 7 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
41-55 
20. 
As set out in the 2024 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule – Amendments to the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
13 
 
Where only certain parts of a document have been incorporated by reference in the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus (as described in the table above), the information contained in other parts of such document 
are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus. 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Reports on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2023, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K, the Citigroup Inc. 
2024 Q1 Form 10-Q, the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10-Q and the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q 
referred to above will be available to the public on the SEC's website (address: http://www.sec.gov). 
The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference in it, any supplement to the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and any applicable 
Issue Terms. Any statement contained in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or in any document 
incorporated by reference in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purposes of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to 
the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated by reference 
in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified 
or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of the 
Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus.

--- Page 187 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
161 
 
SECTION E.2 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Documents incorporated by reference 
The following documents which have previously been published and/or filed with the CSSF and/or the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus in accordance 
with the cross-reference list for information incorporated by reference set out below: 
(1) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2022 containing its 
audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 and for each of the 
years in the three year period ended 31 December 2022 (the "CGMHI 2022 Annual Report") 
(which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202305/261d3ad5-2558-4756-b8fe-
58c66c212593.pdf); 
(2) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2023 containing its 
audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2023 and 2022 and for each of the 
years in the three year period ended 31 December 2023 (the "CGMHI 2023 Annual Report") 
(which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202405/c0656697-d03f-4b42-bd70-
605283df8fdd.pdf); 
(3) 
the Half-Yearly Financial Report of CGMHI containing its unaudited consolidated interim 
financial statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (the "CGMHI 2024 Half-
Yearly Financial Report") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202409/48499031-12ad-
41ee-aec8-71c44fad88cc.pdf); 
(4) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 filed with the SEC on 23 February 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202402/8e13ac32-a379-4eff-922a-
7071b92a5d70.pdf); 
(5) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2024 
filed with the SEC on 3 May 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q") (which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202405/e4bb803a-12fa-44c8-8de2-
82fba8ca560b.pdf); 
(6) 
the Current Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 10 July 2024 (the 
"Citigroup Inc. 10 July 2024 Form 8-K") in connection with the announcement of certain 
consent orders in respect of Citigroup Inc. and Citibank N.A. (which is published on the website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202407/be6871a5-9a42-4b9f-8258-92232b79e23c.pdf); 
(7) 
the Current Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 12 July 2024 (the 
"Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 8-K") in connection with the publication of its Quarterly 
Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 June 2024 (which is published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202407/6442c185-e1a4-4b85-9099-f7cc476d9025.pdf);  
(8) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended 30 June 
2024 filed with the SEC on 2 August 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10-Q") (which 
is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202408/1737e9be-d281-431e-a902-
cdca5dac3ccb.pdf); 
(9) 
the Current Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 15 October 2024 (the 
"Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 8-K"") in connection with the publication of its Quarterly 
Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 September 2024 (which is published on the

--- Page 188 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
162 
 
 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202410/e15e0993-982c-46fc-a8db-1ff88de02617.pdf); 
(10) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended 
30 September 2024 filed with the SEC on 7 November 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 
Form 10-Q"") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202411/2462da08-5e6a-4260-884a-
c672bf5ad739.pdf); 
(11) 
the CGMHI Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2023 (the "2023 
CGMHI ULN Base Prospectus") (which is published on the website of), as supplemented by 
a ULN Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 30 January 2024 (the "2023 CGMHI ULN BP 
Supplement No.1") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202401/ad2ab1b6-3964-403b-b2f1-
fe792a0e2f98.pdf), a ULN Base Prospectus Supplement No.2 dated 13 March 2024 (the "2023 
CGMHI ULN BP Supplement No.2") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202403/2eae9935-8177-4513-a348-e8e37c3293bc.pdf), 
a 
ULN 
Base 
Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 30 April 2024 (the "2023 CGMHI ULN BP Supplement 
No.3") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202404/dd26341f-06f1-4bf1-9135-
79b6e307913d.pdf), a ULN Base Prospectus Supplement No.5 dated 30 July 2024 (the "2023 
CGMHI ULN BP Supplement No.5") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202407/25771652-881e-4b7d-ab21-54b0528b35cc.pdf) and a ULN Base 
Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 21 August 2024 (the "2023 CGMHI ULN BP Supplement 
No.6") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202408/9bd01998-5deb-4695-b9f3-
2b2d465fa68f.pdf); 
(12) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus dated 5 July 2024 (the "2024 CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202407/723b1bfe-82b6-4f93-9da6-
a98bca573bce.pdf) as supplemented by a Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 30 
July 2024 (the "2024 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1") (which is published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202407/c1f66342-8ac9-4679-a033-84adfac2c247.pdf) and a Rates Base 
Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 21 August 2024 (the "2024 CGMHI Rates BP 
Supplement No.2") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202408/827ccded-fe49-4406-bb84-
25d282dc509f.pdf); 
(13) 
the Citi Warrant Base Prospectus dated 13 December 2023 (the "2023 CGMHI Warrant Base 
Prospectus") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202312/53b328ee-585b-421e-9b53-
209e4ecc813c.pdf). 
The following information contained on the pages of the relevant documents as set out below is 
incorporated by reference: 
1.  
The audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 
for each of the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2022, as set out in the 
CGMHI 2022 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Income 
39 
(b)  
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
41

--- Page 189 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
163 
 
(c)  
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
41-42 
(d)  
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
43 
(e)  
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
44 
(f)  
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
45-103 
(g)  
Independent Auditor's Report 
37-38 
2.  
The Management Report of CGMHI, as set out in the CGMHI 2022 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
(a)  
Management Report 
3-34 
3.  
The audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2023 and 2022 
for each of the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2023, as set out in the 
CGMHI 2023 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Income 
43 
(b)  
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
44 
(c)  
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
45-46 
(d)  
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder's' Equity 
47 
(e)  
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
48 
(f)  
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
49-106 
(g)  
Independent Auditor's' Report 
40-42 
4.  
The Management Report of CGMHI, as set out in the CGMHI 2023 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
(a)  
Management Report 
3-37 
5.  
Unaudited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of and for the six months period 
ended 30 June 2024, as set out in the CGMHI 2024 Half-Yearly Financial Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Operations 
39 
(b)  
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
40 
(c)  
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
41-42 
(d)  
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder's Equity 
43 
(e)  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
44 
(f)  
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
45-79

--- Page 190 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
164 
 
 
6.  
The Management Report of CGMHI, as set out in the CGMHI 2024 Half-Yearly Financial 
Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
(a)  
Management Report 
3-36 
7.  
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2023 and 
2022 and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021, as set out in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2023 Form 10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
144-145 
(b)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
146-147 
(c)  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
148-149 
(d)  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
150-151 
(e)  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
152-313 
(f)  
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – 
Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 
December 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended 31 December 
2023, 2022 and 2021 
139-142 
8.  
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-
K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment Revenues and Income (Loss) and 
Select Balance Sheet Items by Segment 
4-30 
(b)  
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Services, Markets, Banking, U.S. Personal Banking, 
Wealth, 
All 
Other 
– 
Divestiture-Related 
Impacts 
(Reconciling Items) and All Other – Managed Basis 
14-30 
 
(ii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
167-170 
(c)  
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 14 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
201-209 
(d)  
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment 
Revenues and Income (Loss) and Select Balance Sheet 
Items by Segment 
4-30 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
31-47

--- Page 191 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
165 
 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors, including the following: 
48-65 
 
(I) 
the market-related risks 
48-49 
 
(II) 
the strategic risks 
49-54 
 
(III) 
the operational risks 
54-58 
 
(IV) 
the credit risks 
58 
 
(V) 
the liquidity risks 
58-59 
 
(VI) 
the compliance risks 
59-61 
 
(VII) 
the other risks 
61-62 
 
(iv) 
Climate Change and Net Zero 
62-63 
 
(v) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
1302-136 
 
(vi) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
151-163 
(e)  
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
136 
(f)  
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
303-309 
(g)  
Executive Officers 
319-320 
(h)  
Citigroup Board of Directors 
321 
(i)  
Risk Management 
68-129 
(j)  
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
323-328 
9.  
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
90-91 
(b)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
92-93 
(c)  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
94 
(d)  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
96-97 
(e)  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
98-201 
10.  
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
2-25

--- Page 192 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
166 
 
 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
(b)  
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
4-25 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
74 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
104-105 
(c)  
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 13 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
119-126 
(d)  
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and 
Segment Balance Sheet 
3-25 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures, 
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat 
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and Forward-
Looking Statements 
80-85 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies 
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
98-100 
(e)  
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 27 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
199-200 
(f)  
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
39-79 
11.  
Announcement relating to Citigroup Inc. as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 10 July 2024 Form 
8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document 
(a)  
Consent Order, dated 10 July 2024, issued by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 6-11 
(b)  
Consent Order, dated 10 July 2024, issued by the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.3 
on pages 12-18 
(c)  
Amendment, dated 10 July 2024, to the Consent Order, dated 7 
October 2020 issued by the Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.4 
on pages 19-29

--- Page 193 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
167 
 
12.  
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the quarter ended 
30 June 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document 
(a)  
Press Release, dated 12 July 2024, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-17 
(b)  
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 30 June 2024 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 18-40 
13.  
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10 Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
102-103 
(b)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
104-105 
(c)  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
106 
(d)  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
108-109 
(e)  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
110-221 
14.  
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 
10 Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-33 
(b)  
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
4-33 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
85 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
114-115 
(c)  
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 13 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
129-136 
(d)  
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and 
Segment Balance Sheet 
3-33 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures, 
91-99

--- Page 194 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
168 
 
 
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat 
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and Forward-
Looking Statements 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
110-111 
(e)  
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 27 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
219-220 
(f)  
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
47-90 
15.  
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the quarter ended 
30 September 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document 
(a)  
Press Release, dated 15 October 2024, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-18 
(b)  
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 30 September 2024 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 19-41 
16.  
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine 
months ended 30 September 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 10 Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
98-99 
(b)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
100-101 
(c)  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
102 
(d)  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
104-105 
(e)  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
106-218 
17.  
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 
Form 10 Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-29 
(b)  
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
4-29 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
81

--- Page 195 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
169 
 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
110-112 
(c)  
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 13 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
127-134 
(d)  
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and 
Segment Balance Sheet 
3-29 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures, 
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat 
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and Forward-
Looking Statements 
87-96 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
106-107 
(e)  
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 27 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
217 
(f)  
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
43-86 
18.  
As set out in the 2023 CGMHI ULN Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Section F.4 – Form of the Securities 
196-199 
(b)  
Section F.7 – Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions – The paragraphs headed "Transfer Restrictions" and 
"United States of America" 
208-212 
(c)  
Section G.1 – General Conditions of the Securities 
313-377 
(d)  
Section G.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities 
378-848 
(e)  
Section G.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
849-1055 
(f)  
Section G.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1056-1257 
19.  
As set out in the 2023 CGMHI ULN BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 2 – Amendments to General Conditions of the Securities 
11 
20.  
As set out in the 2023 CGMHI ULN BP Supplement No.2:

--- Page 196 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
170 
 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
19 
21.  
As set out in the 2023 CGMHI ULN BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
11-13 
22.  
As set out in the 2023 CGMHI ULN BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
13-14 
(b)  
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
15-6 
23.  
As set out in the 2023 CGMHI ULN BP Supplement No.6: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule – Amendments to the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
14-15 
24.  
As set out in the 2024 CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Section H.1 – General Conditions of the Notes 
399-477 
(b)  
Section H.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
478-979 
(c)  
Section H.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
980-1214 
(d)  
Section H.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1215-1439 
25.  
As set out in the 2024 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 4 – Amendments to Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked 
Conditions) – Part B: Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference 
Entity) 
21-23 
(b)  
Schedule 5 – Amendments to Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew 
Conditions) – Part B: Index Skew Conditions 
24 
(c)  
Schedule 6 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
25-40

--- Page 197 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
171 
 
(d)  
Schedule 7 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
41-55 
26.  
As set out in the 2024 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule – Amendments to the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
13 
27.  
As set out in the 2023 CGMHI Warrant Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Section E.1 – General Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
210-271 
(b)  
Section E.2 – General Conditions of the German Law Warrants 
272-315 
(c)  
Section E.3 – General Conditions of the Irish Law Warrants 
316-378 
(d)  
Section E.4 – Underlying Schedule 1 Index Conditions 
379-395 
(e)  
Section E.5 – Underlying Schedule 2 Share Conditions 
396-408 
(f)  
Section E.6 – Underlying Schedule 3 Depositary Receipt Conditions 
409-422 
(g)  
Section E.7 – Underlying Schedule 4 ETF Conditions 
423-435 
(h)  
Section E.8 – Underlying Schedule 5 Mutual Fund Conditions 
436-449 
(i)  
Section E.9 – Underlying Schedule 6 Commodity Conditions 
450-459 
(j)  
Section E.10 – Underlying Schedule 7 Debt Securities Conditions 
460-464 
(k)  
Section E.11 – Underlying Schedule 8 Currency Conditions 
465-466 
(l)  
Section E.12 – Underlying Schedule 9 Gilt Conditions 
467-469 
(m)  
Section E.13 – Underlying Schedule 10 Proprietary Index Conditions 
470-479 
(n)  
Section E.14 – Underlying Schedule 11 Credit Warrants Conditions 
480-489 
(o)  
Section E.15 – Underlying Schedule 12 Rate Conditions 
490-495 
(p)  
Section E.16 – Multi-Underlying Annex 
496-518 
(q)  
Section E.17 – Settlement On Exercise Schedule 
519-528 
(r)  
Section E.18 – Participation Conditions Annex 
529-557 
(s)  
Section E.19 – APAC Compliance Annex 
558-573 
(t)  
Section E.20 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
526-555 
(u)  
Section E.21 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
556-619 
 
Where only certain parts of a document have been incorporated by reference in the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus (as described in the table above), the information contained in other parts of such document 
are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the CGMHI Base Prospectus. 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Report on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2023, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange

--- Page 198 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
172 
 
 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K, the Citigroup Inc. 
2024 Q1 Form 10-Q, the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10-Q and the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q 
referred to above will be available to the public on the SEC's website (address: http://www.sec.gov). 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference in it, any supplement to the CGMHI Base Prospectus and any applicable Issue 
Terms. Any statement contained in the CGMHI Base Prospectus or in any document incorporated by 
reference in the CGMHI Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes 
of the CGMHI Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to the CGMHI Base Prospectus or any 
other subsequently dated document incorporated by reference in the CGMHI Base Prospectus modifies 
or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as 
so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of the CGMHI Base Prospectus.

--- Page 199 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
173 
 
SECTION E.3 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Documents incorporated by reference 
The following documents which have previously been published and/or filed with the CSSF and/or the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus in accordance 
with the cross-reference list for information incorporated by reference set out below: 
(1) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for 
the period ended 31 December 2022 (the "CGMFL 2022 Annual Report") (which is published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/ca165450-f1b3-440b-8427-42b88e010f58.pdf); 
(2) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for 
the period ended 31 December 2023 (the "CGMFL 2023 Annual Report") (which is published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202405/7ecd837e-f9e4-4389-89c2-c3504a924c97.pdf); 
(3) 
the interim financial report of CGMFL containing its unaudited non-consolidated interim 
financial statements as of and for the six month period ended 30 June 2024 (the "CGMFL 2024 
Interim Financial Report") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202410/ec9848e2-
dd51-48f2-b27d-e1f816b6dc97.pdf); 
(4) 
the annual report of CGML containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 (the "CGML 2022 Annual Report") (which is published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/41fc0778-3614-461f-954c-0c1f5e6aa140.pdf); 
(5) 
the annual report of CGML containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for the 
year ended 31 December 2023 (the "CGML 2023 Annual Report") (which is published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202405/480632f3-e887-4ef3-8f2b-b4d4a4c63c6b.pdf); 
(6) 
the interim report of CGML containing its unaudited non-consolidated financial statements for 
the six month period ended 30 June 2024 (the "CGML 2024 Interim Financial Report") 
(which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202410/19fccf26-d6be-4749-b33a-
fad6f7e9e216.pdf); 
(7) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 filed with the SEC on 23 February 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202402/8e13ac32-a379-4eff-922a-
7071b92a5d70.pdf); 
(8) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2024 
filed with the SEC on 3 May 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q") (which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202405/e4bb803a-12fa-44c8-8de2-
82fba8ca560b.pdf); 
(9) 
the Current Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 10 July 2024 (the 
"Citigroup Inc. 10 July 2024 Form 8-K") in connection with the announcement of certain 
consent orders in respect of Citigroup Inc. and Citibank N.A. (which is published on the website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202407/be6871a5-9a42-4b9f-8258-92232b79e23c.pdf); 
(10) 
the Current Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 12 July 2024 (the 
"Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 8-K") in connection with the publication of its Quarterly 
Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 June 2024, (which is published on the

--- Page 200 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
174 
 
 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202407/6442c185-e1a4-4b85-9099-f7cc476d9025.pdf);  
(11) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended 30 June 
2024 filed with the SEC on 2 August 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10-Q ") (which 
is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202408/1737e9be-d281-431e-a902-
cdca5dac3ccb.pdf); 
(12) 
the Current Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 15 October 2024 (the 
"Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 8-K") in connection with the publication of its Quarterly 
Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 September 2024 (which is published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202410/e15e0993-982c-46fc-a8db-1ff88de02617.pdf); 
(13) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended 
30 September 2024 filed with the SEC on 7 November 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 
Form 10-Q") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202411/2462da08-5e6a-4260-884a-
c672bf5ad739.pdf); 
(14) 
the CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2023 (the 
"December 2023 CGMFL ULN Base Prospectus") (which is published on the website of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202312/7429d48e-015c-4eea-851d-c5fe82f845d6.PDF), as supplemented 
by a ULN Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 30 January 2024 (the "2023 CGMFL ULN 
BP Supplement No.1") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202401/ad2ab1b6-3964-
403b-b2f1-fe792a0e2f98.pdf), a ULN Base Prospectus Supplement No.2 dated 13 March 2024 
(the "2023 CGMFL ULN BP Supplement No.2") (which is published on the website of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202403/2eae9935-8177-4513-a348-e8e37c3293bc.pdf), 
a 
ULN 
Base 
Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 30 April 2024 (the "2023 CGMFL ULN BP Supplement 
No.3") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202404/dd26341f-06f1-4bf1-9135-
79b6e307913d.pdf), a ULN Base Prospectus Supplement No.5 dated 30 July 2024 (the "2023 
CGMFL ULN BP Supplement No.5") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202407/25771652-881e-4b7d-ab21-54b0528b35cc.pdf) and a ULN Base 
Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 21 August 2024 (the "2023 CGMFL ULN BP Supplement 
No.6") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202408/9bd01998-5deb-4695-b9f3-
2b2d465fa68f.pdf); 
(15) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus dated 5 July 2024 (the "2024 CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202407/723b1bfe-82b6-4f93-9da6-
a98bca573bce.pdf) as supplemented by a Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 30 
July 2024 ("the 2024 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1") (which is published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202407/c1f66342-8ac9-4679-a033-84adfac2c247.pdf) and a Rates Base 
Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 21 August 2024 (the "2024 CGMFL Rates BP 
Supplement No.2") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202408/827ccded-fe49-4406-bb84-
25d282dc509f.pdf); and 
(16) 
the Citi Warrant Base Prospectus dated 13 December 2023 (the "December 2023 CGMFL 
Warrant Base Prospectus") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202312/53b328ee-
585b-421e-9b53-209e4ecc813c.pdf).

--- Page 201 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
175 
 
Citigroup Inc. has not guaranteed, and is not otherwise liable for, the obligations of CGMFL or 
the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of Securities issued by CGMFL. Holders of Securities issued by 
CGMFL are subject to the credit risk of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, without recourse 
to Citigroup Inc. or any other party, and are dependent on the ability of CGMFL and the CGMFL 
Guarantor to make payments on their respective obligations as they become due. 
The following information contained on the pages of the relevant documents as set out below is 
incorporated by reference: 
1.  
Audited historical non-consolidated financial information of CGMFL in respect of the 
period ended 31 December 2022, as set out in the CGMFL 2022 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document 
(a)  
Statement of Financial Position 
21 
(b)  
Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income 
22 
(c)  
Statements of Changes in Equity 
23 
(d)  
Statement of Cash Flows 
24 
(e)  
Notes to the Financial Statements 
25-73 
(f)  
Report on the audit of the financial statements by KPMG 
Luxembourg Société Coopérative (formerly KPMG Luxembourg 
S. à r.l.) 
15-20 
2.  
Audited historical non-consolidated financial information of CGMFL in respect of the 
period ended 31 December 2023, as set out in the CGMFL 2023 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document 
(a)  
Statement of Financial Position 
21 
(b)  
Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income 
22 
(c)  
Statements of Changes in Equity 
23 
(d)  
Statement of Cash Flows 
24 
(e)  
Notes to the Financial Statements 
25-72 
(f)  
Report on the audit of the financial statements by KPMG 
Luxembourg Société Coopérative (formerly KPMG Luxembourg 
S. à r.l.) 
15-20 
(g)  
Management Report and Responsibility Statement for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 
3-12 
3.  
Unaudited non-consolidated interim financial statements of CGMFL as of and for the six 
month period ended 30 June 2024, as set out in the CGMFL 2024 Interim Financial 
Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document 
(a)  
Condensed Interim Statement of Comprehensive Income 
9 
(b)  
Condensed Interim Balance Sheet 
10

--- Page 202 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
176 
 
 
(c)  
Condensed Interim Statement of Changes in Equity 
11 
(d)  
Condensed Interim Cash Flow Statement 
12 
(e)  
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements 
13-33 
(f)  
Management Report and Responsibility Statement for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024 
3-7 
4.  
Audited historical financial information of CGML in respect of the year ended 31 
December 2022, as set out in the CGML 2022 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Income Statement 
27 
(b)  
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
28 
(c)  
Statement of Changes in Equity 
29 
(d)  
Balance Sheet 
30 
(e)  
Statement of Cash Flows 
31 
(f)  
Notes to the Financial Statements 
32-106 
(g)  
Independent Auditor's Report to the members of CGML 
23-26 
5.  
Audited historical financial information of CGML in respect of the year ended 31 
December 2023, as set out in the CGML 2023 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Income Statement 
31 
(b)  
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
32 
(c)  
Statement of Changes in Equity 
33 
(d)  
Balance Sheet 
34 
(e)  
Statement of Cash Flows 
35 
(f)  
Notes to the Financial Statements 
36-117 
(g)  
Independent Auditor's Report to the members of CGML 
27-30 
6.  
The unaudited interim financial information of CGML in respect of the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2024, as set out in the CGML 2024 Interim Financial Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Interim Income Statement 
8 
(b)  
Interim Statement of Comprehensive Income 
9 
(c)  
Interim Statement of Changes in Equity 
10 
(d)  
Interim Balance Sheet 
11 
(e)  
Statement of Cash Flows 
12 
(f)  
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements 
13-37

--- Page 203 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
177 
 
7.  
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2023 and 
2022 and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021, as set out in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2023 Form 10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
144-145 
(b)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
146-147 
(c)  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
148-149 
(d)  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
150-151 
(e)  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
152-313 
(f)  
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – 
Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 
December 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended 31 December 
2023, 2022 and 2021 
139-142 
8.  
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment Revenues and 
Income (Loss) and Select Balance Sheet Items by Segment 
4-30 
(b)  
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Services, Markets, Banking, U.S. Personal Banking, 
Wealth, All Other – Divestiture-Related Impacts 
(Reconciling Items) and All Other – Managed Basis 
14-30 
 
(ii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements  
167-170 
(c)  
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 
14 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
201-209 
(d)  
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment 
Revenues and Income (Loss) and Select Balance Sheet 
Items by Segment 
4-30 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
31-47 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors, including the following: 
48-65 
 
(I) 
the market-related risks 
48-49 
 
(II) 
the strategic risks 
49-54 
 
(III) 
the operational risks 
54-58 
 
(IV) 
the credit risks 
58

--- Page 204 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
178 
 
 
 
(V) 
the liquidity risks 
58-59 
 
(VI) 
the compliance risks 
59-61 
 
(VII) 
the other risks 
61-62 
 
(iv) 
Climate Change and Net Zero 
62-63 
 
(v) 
Significant 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant 
Estimates 
130-136 
 
(vi) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements 
152-163 
(e)  
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
136 
(f)  
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
303-309 
(g)  
Executive Officers 
319-320 
(h)  
Citigroup Board of Directors 
321 
(i)  
Risk Management 
68-129 
(j)  
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
323-328 
9.  
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
90-91 
(b)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
92-93 
(c)  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
94 
(d)  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
96-97 
(e)  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
98-201 
10.  
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-25 
(b)  
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
4-25 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
74 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
104-105

--- Page 205 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
179 
 
(c)  
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 
13 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
119-126 
(d)  
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-25 
 
(ii) 
Significant 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant 
Estimates, Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and 
Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the 
Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and 
Forward-Looking Statements 
80-88 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
98-100 
(e)  
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 27 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
199-200 
(f)  
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents 
and Managing Global Risk 
39-79 
11.  
Announcement relating to Citigroup Inc. as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 10 July 2024 
Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document 
(a)  
Consent Order, dated 10 July 2024, issued by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 6-11 
(b)  
Consent Order, dated 10 July 2024, issued by the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.3 
on pages 12-18 
(c)  
Amendment, dated 10 July 2024, to the Consent Order, dated 7 
October 2020 issued by the Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.4 
on pages 19-29 
12.  
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the quarter ended 
30 June 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document 
(a)  
Press Release, dated 12 July 2024, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-17 
(b)  
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the 
quarter ended 30 June 2024 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 18-40 
13.  
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10 Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
102-103 
(b)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
104-105

--- Page 206 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
180 
 
 
(c)  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
106 
(d)  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
108-109 
(e)  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
110-221 
14.  
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 
Form 10 Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-33 
(b)  
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
4-33 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
85 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
114-115 
(c)  
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 
13 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
129-136 
(d)  
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-33 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant 
Estimates, Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and 
Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the 
Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and 
Forward-Looking Statements 
91-99 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
110-111 
(e)  
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 27 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
219-220 
(f)  
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
47-90 
15.  
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the quarter ended 
30 September 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) of the pdf 
document

--- Page 207 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
181 
 
(a)  
Press Release, dated 15 October 2024, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-18 
(b)  
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the 
quarter ended 30 September 2024 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 19-41 
16.  
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and 
nine months ended 30 September 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 
Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
98-99 
(b)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
100-101 
(c)  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
102 
(d)  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
104-105 
(e)  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
106-218 
17.  
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 
Form 10 Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-29 
(b)  
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
4-29 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
81 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
110-112 
(c)  
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 
13 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
127-134 
(d)  
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-29 
 
(ii) 
Significant 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant 
Estimates, Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and 
Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the 
Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and 
Forward-Looking Statements 
87-96

--- Page 208 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
182 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
106-107 
(e)  
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 27 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
217 
(f)  
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
43-86 
18.  
As set out in the December 2023 CGMFL ULN Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Section F.4 – Form of the Securities 
196-199 
(b)  
Section F.7 – Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions – The paragraphs headed "Transfer Restrictions" and 
"United States of America" 
208-212 
(c)  
Section G.1 – General Conditions of the Securities 
313-377 
(d)  
Section G.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
378-848 
(e)  
Section G.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
849-1055 
(f)  
Section G.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1056-1257 
19.  
As set out in the 2023 CGMFL ULN BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 2 – Amendments to General Conditions of the Securities 
11 
20.  
As set out in the 2023 CGMFL ULN BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
19 
21.  
As set out in the 2023 CGMFL ULN BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
11-13 
22.  
As set out in the 2023 CGMFL ULN BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 209 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
183 
 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
13-14 
(b)  
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
15-6 
23.  
As set out in the 2023 CGMFL ULN BP Supplement No.6: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule – Amendments to the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
14-15 
24.  
As set out in the 2024 CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Section H.1 – General Conditions of the Notes 
399-477 
(b)  
Section H.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
478-979 
(c)  
Section H.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
980-1214 
(d)  
Section H.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1215-1439 
25.  
As set out in the 2024 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule 4 – Amendments to Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked 
Conditions) – Part B: Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
21-23 
(b)  
Schedule 5 – Amendments to Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew 
Conditions) – Part B: Index Skew Conditions 
24 
(c)  
Schedule 6 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
25-40 
(d)  
Schedule 7 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
41-55 
26.  
As set out in the 2024 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a)  
Schedule – Amendments to the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
13 
27.  
As set out in the December 2023 CGMFL Warrant Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a)  
Section E.1 – General Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
210-271 
(b)  
Section E.2 – General Conditions of the German Law Warrants 
272-315 
(c)  
Section E.3 – General Conditions of the Irish Law Warrants 
316-378 
(d)  
Section E.4 – Underlying Schedule 1 Index Conditions 
379-395

--- Page 210 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
184 
 
 
(e)  
Section E.5 – Underlying Schedule 2 Share Conditions 
396-408 
(f)  
Section E.6 – Underlying Schedule 3 Depositary Receipt Conditions 
409-422 
(g)  
Section E.7 – Underlying Schedule 4 ETF Conditions 
423-435 
(h)  
Section E.8 – Underlying Schedule 5 Mutual Fund Conditions 
436-449 
(i)  
Section E.9 – Underlying Schedule 6 Commodity Conditions 
450-459 
(j)  
Section E.10 – Underlying Schedule 7 Debt Securities Conditions 
460-464 
(k)  
Section E.11 – Underlying Schedule 8 Currency Conditions 
465-466 
(l)  
Section E.12 – Underlying Schedule 9 Gilt Conditions 
467-469 
(m)  
Section E.13 – Underlying Schedule 10 Proprietary Index Conditions 
470-479 
(n)  
Section E.14 – Underlying Schedule 11 Credit Warrants Conditions 
480-489 
(o)  
Section E.15 – Underlying Schedule 12 Rate Conditions 
490-495 
(p)  
Section E.16 – Multi-Underlying Annex 
496-518 
(q)  
Section E.17 – Settlement On Exercise Schedule 
519-528 
(r)  
Section E.18 – Participation Conditions Annex 
529-557 
(s)  
Section E.19 – APAC Compliance Annex 
558-573 
(t)  
Section E.20 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
526-555 
(u)  
Section E.21 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
556-619 
Where only certain parts of a document have been incorporated by reference in the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus (as described in the table above), the information contained in other parts of such document 
are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
The financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the United Kingdom. These financials are also fully 
compliant with the International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the European Union based 
on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Reports on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2023, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K, the Citigroup Inc. 
2024 Q1 Form 10-Q, the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10-Q and the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q 
referred to above will be available to the public on the SEC's website (address: http://www.sec.gov). 
The CGMFL Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference in it, any supplement to the CGMFL Base Prospectus and any applicable Issue 
Terms. Any statement contained in the CGMFL Base Prospectus or in any document incorporated by 
reference in the CGMFL Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes 
of the CGMFL Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to the CGMFL Base Prospectus or any 
other subsequently dated document incorporated by reference in the CGMFL Base Prospectus modifies 
or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as 
so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of the CGMFL Base Prospectus.

--- Page 211 ---
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
185 
 
SECTION E.4 – DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
1. 
Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup 
Inc. and the latest quarterly interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup 
Inc. may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other Paying 
Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. is 
outstanding. Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of 
CGMHI and the latest half-yearly interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of 
CGMHI may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other 
Paying Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Notes issued by CGMHI is 
outstanding. Copies of the latest annual report and audited non-consolidated financial 
statements of CGMFL and the latest half yearly interim unaudited non-consolidated report and 
financial statements of CGMFL may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Notes issued 
by CGMFL is outstanding. Copies of the latest annual report and audited non-consolidated 
financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor and the latest half–yearly interim unaudited non-
consolidated financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor may be obtained at the specified 
offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other Paying Agents during normal business hours 
so long as any of the Notes issued by CGMFL is outstanding. Each of the above documents will 
be available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com and/or on 
the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com. 
2. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus and, in respect of 
Securities admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Euronext Dublin's 
Global Exchange Market, for as long as the Securities are so admitted to trading, copies of the 
following documents will be available as set out below: 
(i) 
the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of Citigroup Inc., at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202406/b4e592fa-
8544-4a8f-a8fc-0bbae7c5d7e7.pdf; 
(ii) 
the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of CGMHI, at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Cert%20of%20Incorp_By-
Laws%20of%20CGMHI%20(1)_787dc93d-0a67-450d-a470-7fe207534b95.pdf; 
(iii) 
the articles of incorporation of CGMFL, at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202406/1368acd5-3966-4e0f-806f-
392cd9a85dcf.pdf; 
(iv) 
the 
articles 
of 
association 
of 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/CGML%20Articles%20of%20Association_21fa0
92b-f7c7-488d-a700-4e1cbcd3fe44.pdf; 
(v) 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, as amended or supplemented, at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202111/bdd98d0c-bbe1-463d-
b073-a303f6625510.pdf; and 
(vi) 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as amended or supplemented, at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202111/7cfbf067-6cfb-4717-
9bc5-f81f9173323e.pdf. 
3. 
In addition to the above, (i) an electronic copy of this Base Prospectus is, and all supplements 
to this Base Prospectus will be, available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.luxse.com and on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com; (ii) 
electronic copies of all the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are 
available on the websites specified in relation to each such document in the sections "Section 
E.1 – Documents incorporated by reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus", 
"Documents incorporated by reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus" and "Section E.3 – 
Documents Incorporated by reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus" above, as applicable, 
and (iii) electronic copies of any documents incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 212 ---
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
186 
 
 
by any supplement will be available from the website specified in relation to such document in 
the relevant supplement.

--- Page 213 ---
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS, THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE 
CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
187 
 
SECTION E.5 - SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS, THE 
CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
While the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus is valid in respect of Securities which are to be offered to the public and/or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Securities, Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor, as 
the case may be will prepare a supplement to the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be, or publish a new Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be, for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Securities.  
Investors should note that a new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or 
CGMFL Base Prospectus may be published during the Offer Period (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) of a Non-exempt Offer in the EEA. In such circumstances, investors who have already agreed to 
purchase or subscribe for Securities under such Non-exempt Offer and before the date the new Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus is published may have 
the right to withdraw their acceptances within the time period set out in such new Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be.  
Such new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus 
will be available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com).

--- Page 214 ---
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTORS 
188 
 
 
SECTION F – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTORS

--- Page 215 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
189 
 
SECTION F.1– DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
Citigroup Inc. ("Citi", the "Company", or "Citigroup") is a global diversified financial services holding 
company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, 
yet focused, range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate 
and investment banking, securities brokerage, trade and securities services and wealth management. 
Citigroup Inc. does business in nearly 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citigroup Inc. is a bank holding 
company within the meaning of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 registered with, and subject 
to examination by, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve"). 
Some of Citi's subsidiaries are subject to supervision and examination by their respective federal and 
state authorities. At 31 December 2023, Citigroup Inc. had approximately 239,000 full‑time employees 
worldwide. 
Citigroup Inc.'s objects and purpose is to "engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations 
may be organised under the General Corporation Law of Delaware", as stated in Article THIRD of Citi's 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation.  
Planned Revision to Operating Model and Financial Reporting Structure of Citigroup Inc. 
Citigroup is managed pursuant to five operating segments: Services, Markets, Banking, U.S. Personal 
Banking and Wealth. Activities not assigned to the operating segments are included in All Other. For 
additional information, see the results of operations for each of the operating segments within 
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the 
Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q incorporated by reference herein. 
 
Note: Mexico is included in International. 
Citigroup Inc. is a holding company and services its obligations primarily by earnings from its operating 
subsidiaries. Citigroup Inc. may augment its capital through issuances of common stock, perpetual 
preferred stock and equity issued through awards under employee benefit plans, among other issuances. 
Citigroup Inc. and Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries that operate in the banking and securities businesses can 
only pay dividends if they are in compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements imposed on 
them by federal and state bank regulatory authorities and securities regulators in the United States. 
Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries may be party to credit agreements that also may restrict their ability to pay 
dividends. Citigroup Inc. currently believes that none of these regulatory or contractual restrictions on 
the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends will affect Citigroup Inc.'s ability to service its own debt. 
Citigroup Inc. must also maintain the required capital levels of a bank holding company, and must submit 
a capital plan, subjected to stress testing, to the Federal Reserve, to which the Federal Reserve does not 
object, before it may pay dividends on its stock. 
CITIGROUP REPORTABLE OPERATING SEGMENTS 
Services 
Markets 
Banking 
U.S. Personal 
Banking (USPB) 
Wealth 
Treasury and  
Trade Solutions 
Security  
Services 
Fixed Income 
Equities 
Investment  
Banking 
Corporate 
Lending 
Branded Cards 
Retail Services 
Private Bank 
Wealth at Work 
Retail Banking 
Citigold 
All Other 
Legacy Franchises 
•
Mexico Consumer, Small Business and Middle-
Market Banking (Mexico Consumer/SBMM) 
•
Asia Consumer Banking (Asia Consumer) 
•
Legacy Holdings Assets 
Corporate/Other 
•
Corporate Treasury managed activities 
•
Operations and Technology 
•
Global staff functions and corporate expenses 
•
Discontinued operations 
REGIONS 
North America 
International 
New Financial Report Structure

--- Page 216 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
190 
 
 
Under longstanding policy of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source 
of financial strength for its U.S. insured depository institutions. As a result of this regulatory policy, the 
Federal Reserve might require Citigroup Inc. to commit resources to its U.S. insured depository 
institutions when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of Citigroup Inc. or its shareholders or 
creditors. 
There are no recent events particular to Citigroup Inc. which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of Citigroup Inc.'s solvency and no material changes in Citigroup Inc.'s borrowing and funding 
structure since its last financial year other than as set out in the specified sections of the documents 
referenced below which are incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference:  
(i) 
the "Executive Summary" section on pages 4 to 7 of the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K; 
(ii) 
the Consolidated Balance Sheet on pages 92 to 93 of the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K; 
(iii) 
the "Executive Summary" section on pages 4 to 7 of the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q;  
(iv) 
the Consolidated Balance Sheet on pages 92 to 93 of the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q; 
(v) 
the "Executive Summary" section on pages 4 to 7 of the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10-Q; 
(vi) 
the Consolidated Balance Sheet on pages 104 to 105 of the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10-Q; 
(vii) 
the "Executive Summary" section on pages 4 to 7 of the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q; 
and 
(viii) 
the Consolidated Balance Sheet on pages 100 to 101 of the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q. 
The principal offices for Citigroup Inc. are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, and 
its telephone number is + 1 212 559-1000. The website of Citigroup Inc. is www.citigroup.com. Unless 
specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. Citigroup Inc. was established as a corporation 
incorporated in Delaware on 8 March 1988 (under its original name of Commercial Credit Group, Inc.), 
registered at the Delaware Division of Corporations with perpetual duration pursuant to the Delaware 
General Corporation Law with registration number 2154254.  
Citigroup Inc.'s authorised capital stock consists of 6 billion shares of common stock and 30 million 
shares of preferred stock. As at 31 December 2023, there were 1,903,113,839 fully paid common stock 
shares issued and outstanding and 704,000 preferred stock shares issued and outstanding. A common 
stock share carries one vote, and no pre-emptive or other subscription rights or conversion rights. A 
preferred stock share carries no general voting rights. 
No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns enough shares of Citigroup 
Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citi. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Citigroup Inc. is 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395. 
Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. 
U.S. GSIBs are required to maintain minimum levels of total loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") and 
eligible long term debt ("LTD"), each set by reference to the GSIB's consolidated risk-weighted assets 
("RWA") and total leverage exposure. The intended purpose of the requirements is to facilitate the 
orderly resolution of U.S. GSIBs under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
For additional information, including Citigroup's TLAC and LTD amounts and ratios, see "Capital 
Resources—Current Regulatory Capital Standards" and "Managing Global Risk— Liquidity Risk—Total 
Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)" in Citigroup Inc.'s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Citigroup Inc. is required under Title I of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection 
Act of 2010 ("Dodd Frank Act") and the rules promulgated by the FDIC and Federal Reserve to 
periodically submit a plan for Citigroup Inc.'s rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy 
Code in the event of material financial distress or failure. On 22 November 2022, the Federal Reserve 
and FDIC issued feedback on the resolution plans filed on 1 July 2021 by the eight U.S. Global

--- Page 217 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
191 
 
Systemically Important Banks ("GSIBs"), including Citigroup Inc. The Federal Reserve and FDIC 
identified one shortcoming, but no deficiencies, in Citigroup Inc.'s 2021 resolution plan regarding data 
integrity and data quality management issues. Based on regulatory changes effective 31 December 2019, 
Citigroup Inc. will alternate between submitting a full resolution plan and a targeted resolution plan on a 
biennial cycle. Citigroup Inc.'s 2023 resolution plan submission, which was filed on 1 July 2023, was a 
full resolution plan. For additional information on Citigroup Inc.'s resolution plan submissions, see 
"Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk— Resolution Plan" in Citigroup Inc.'s most recent Annual 
Report on Form 10-K. 
Under Citigroup Inc.'s preferred "single point of entry resolution plan strategy, only Citigroup Inc., the 
parent holding company, would enter into bankruptcy, while Citigroup Inc.'s material legal entities (as 
defined in the public section of its 2023 resolution plan, which can be found on the Federal Reserve's and 
FDIC's websites) would remain operational and outside of any resolution or insolvency proceedings. 
Citigroup Inc. believes its resolution plan has been designed to minimise the risk of systemic impact to 
the U.S. and global financial systems, while maximising the value of the bankruptcy estate for the benefit 
of Citigroup Inc.'s creditors, including the holders of the Securities being offered by this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, in line with the Federal Reserve's final TLAC rule, Citigroup Inc. believes it has developed 
the resolution plan so that Citigroup Inc.'s shareholders and unsecured creditors - including the holders 
of the Securities being offered by this Base Prospectus - bear any losses resulting from Citigroup Inc. 
bankruptcy. Accordingly, any value realised by holders of the Securities being offered by this Base 
Prospectus may not be sufficient to repay the amounts owed to such debt holders in the event of a 
bankruptcy or other resolution proceeding of Citigroup Inc.. Claims of holders of the Securities offered 
by this Base Prospectus and other debt securities of Citigroup Inc. would have a junior position to the 
claims of creditors of Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries and to the claims of priority (as determined by statute) 
and secured creditors of Citigroup Inc.. Accordingly, in a resolution of Citigroup Inc. under Chapter 11 
of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, holders of the Securities offered by this Base Prospectus and other debt 
securities of Citigroup Inc. would realise value only to the extent available to Citigroup Inc. as a 
shareholder of its subsidiaries, and only after any claims of priority and secured creditors of Citigroup 
Inc. have been fully repaid. If Citigroup Inc. were to enter into a resolution, none of Citigroup Inc., the 
Federal Reserve or the FDIC is obligated to follow Citigroup Inc.'s preferred resolution strategy under 
its resolution plan.  
In response to feedback received from the Federal Reserve and FDIC, Citigroup Inc. took the following 
actions:  
(a) 
Citicorp LLC ("Citicorp"), an existing wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., was 
established as an intermediate holding company for certain of Citigroup Inc.'s operating material 
legal entities;  
(b) 
Citigroup Inc. executed an inter affiliate agreement with Citicorp, Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp is required 
to provide liquidity and capital support to Citigroup Inc.'s operating material legal entities in the 
event Citigroup Inc. were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (the "Citi Support Agreement");  
(c) 
pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement:  
(i) 
Citigroup Inc. made an initial contribution of assets, including certain high quality 
liquid assets and inter affiliate loans (the "Contributable Assets"), to Citicorp, and 
Citicorp became the business as usual funding vehicle for Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities;  
(ii) 
Citigroup Inc. will be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to Citicorp 
over time, subject to certain amounts retained by Citigroup Inc. to, among other things, 
meet Citigroup Inc.'s near term cash needs;  
(iii) 
in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup Inc. will be required to contribute 
most of its remaining assets to Citicorp; and  
(d) 
the obligations of both Citigroup Inc. and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well 
as the Contributable Assets, are secured pursuant to a security agreement.

--- Page 218 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
192 
 
 
The Citi Support Agreement provides two mechanisms, besides Citicorp's issuing of dividends to 
Citigroup Inc., pursuant to which Citicorp will be required to transfer cash to Citigroup Inc. during 
business as usual so that Citigroup Inc. can fund its debt service as well as other operating needs: (i) one 
or more funding notes issued by Citicorp to Citigroup Inc.; and (ii) a committed line of credit under 
which Citicorp may make loans to Citigroup Inc.. 
In addition to Citigroup Inc.'s required resolution plan under Title I of the Dodd Frank Act, Title II of the 
Dodd Frank Act grants the FDIC the authority, under certain circumstances, to resolve systemically 
important financial institutions, including Citigroup Inc. This resolution authority is commonly referred 
to as the FDIC's "orderly liquidation authority". Under the FDIC's stated preferred "single point of entry" 
strategy for such resolution, the bank holding company (Citigroup Inc.) would be placed in receivership; 
the unsecured long term debt and shareholders of the parent holding company would bear any losses; the 
FDIC would use its power to create a "bridge entity" for Citigroup Inc; transfer the systemically important 
and viable parts of its business, principally the stock of Citigroup Inc.'s main operating subsidiaries and 
any intercompany claims against such subsidiaries, to the bridge entity; and recapitalise the operating 
subsidiaries using assets of Citigroup Inc. that have been transferred to the bridge entity and exchange 
external debt claims against Citigroup Inc. for equity in the bridge entity. Under this Title II resolution 
strategy, the value of the stock of the bridge entity that would be redistributed to holders of the Securities 
offered by use of this Base Prospectus and other debt securities of Citigroup Inc. may not be sufficient 
to repay all or part of the principal amount and interest on the Securities and those other securities. Any 
of the Securities being offered by this Base Prospectus may be fully subordinated to interests held by the 
U.S. government in the event of a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding with respect 
to Citigroup Inc., including a proceeding under the "orderly liquidity authority" provisions of the Dodd 
Frank Act. To date, the FDIC has not formally adopted a single point of entry resolution strategy and it 
is not obligated to follow such a strategy in a Title II resolution of Citigroup Inc. 
Under the regulations of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of 
financial strength for its U.S. insured depository institutions. As a result of this regulatory policy, the 
Federal Reserve might require Citigroup Inc. to commit resources to its U.S. insured depository 
institutions when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of Citigroup Inc. or its shareholders or 
creditors. 
Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc. 
Citigroup Inc. is required under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules promulgated by the FDIC 
and Federal Reserve to periodically submit a plan for the Citigroup Inc.'s rapid and orderly resolution 
under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of material financial distress or failure. On 22 November 
2022, the Federal Reserve and FDIC issued feedback on the resolution plans filed on 1 July 2021 by the 
eight U.S. Global Systemically Important Banks (GSIBs), including Citigroup Inc. The Federal Reserve 
and FDIC identified one shortcoming, but no deficiencies, in Citigroup Inc.'s 2021 resolution plan 
regarding data integrity and data quality management issues. Based on regulatory changes effective 31 
December 2019, Citigroup Inc. will alternate between submitting a full resolution plan and a targeted 
resolution plan on a biennial cycle. Citigroup Inc.'s 2023 resolution plan submission, which was filed on 
1 July 2023, was a full resolution plan. For additional information on Citigroup Inc.'s resolution plan 
submissions, see "Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk— Resolution Plan" in Citigroup Inc.'s most 
recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Citigroup Inc.'s preferred resolution strategy is "single point of 
entry" under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 
Under Citigroup Inc.'s preferred "single point of entry" resolution plan strategy, only Citigroup Inc., the 
parent holding company, would enter into bankruptcy, while Citigroup Inc.'s material legal entities, 
including CGMHI (as further defined in the public section of its 2023 resolution plan, which can be found 
on the Federal Reserve's and FDIC's websites) would remain operational and outside of any resolution 
or insolvency proceedings. Citigroup Inc. believes its resolution plan has been designed to minimise the 
risk of systemic impact to the U.S. and global financial systems, while maximising the value of the 
bankruptcy estate for the benefit of Citigroup Inc.'s creditors. In addition, in line with the Federal 
Reserve's final TLAC rule, Citigroup Inc. believes it has developed the resolution plan so that Citigroup 
Inc.'s shareholders and unsecured creditors bear any losses resulting from Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy.  
In response to feedback received from the Federal Reserve and FDIC, Citigroup Inc. took the following 
actions:

--- Page 219 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
193 
 
(a) 
Citicorp LLC ("Citicorp"), an existing wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., was 
established as an intermediate holding company for certain of Citigroup Inc.'s operating material 
legal entities, including CGMHI;  
(b) 
Citigroup Inc. executed an inter affiliate agreement with Citicorp, Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp is required 
to provide liquidity and capital support to Citigroup Inc.'s operating material legal entities in the 
event Citigroup Inc. were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (the "Citi Support Agreement");  
(c) 
pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement:  
(i) 
Citigroup Inc. made an initial contribution of assets, including certain high quality 
liquid assets and inter affiliate loans (the "Contributable Assets"), to Citicorp, and 
Citicorp became the business as usual funding vehicle for Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities;  
(ii) 
Citigroup Inc. will be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to Citicorp 
over time, subject to certain amounts retained by Citigroup Inc. to, among other things, 
meet Citigroup Inc.'s near term cash needs; 
(iii) 
in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup Inc. will be required to contribute 
most of its remaining assets to Citicorp; and  
(d) 
the obligations of both Citigroup Inc. and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well 
as the Contributable Assets, are secured pursuant to a security agreement.  
The Citi Support Agreement provides two mechanisms, besides Citicorp's issuing of dividends to 
Citigroup Inc., pursuant to which Citicorp will be required to transfer cash to Citigroup Inc. during 
business as usual so that Citigroup Inc. can fund its debt service as well as other operating needs: (i) one 
or more funding notes issued by Citicorp to Citigroup Inc.; and (ii) a committed line of credit under 
which Citicorp may make loans to Citigroup Inc..  
Under the terms and conditions of the Securities which are Notes or Certificates, a Citigroup Inc. 
bankruptcy, insolvency or resolution proceeding will not constitute an event of default with respect to 
any series of such Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. Moreover, it will not 
constitute an event of default with respect to any series of Securities which are Notes or Certificates 
issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. if the guarantee of such Securities by Citigroup Inc. 
(as CGMHI Guarantor) ceases to be (or is claimed not to be) in full force and effect for any reason, 
including by Citigroup Inc.'s insolvency or resolution. Should the Citigroup Inc. guarantee no longer be 
in effect, Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. will become the sole obligor under such Securities, 
and there can be no assurance that it would be able to continue to meet its obligations under such 
Securities. 
In the event that Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. also enters bankruptcy, at the time of Citigroup 
Inc.'s bankruptcy filing or at a later time, you, as a holder of Securities which are Notes or Certificates 
issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. would be an unsecured creditor of Citigroup Inc. in 
respect of the Citigroup Inc. guarantee and, accordingly, you cannot be assured that the Citigroup Inc. 
guarantee would protect you against losses resulting from a default by Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc.. 
Directors and executive officers of Citigroup Inc. 
The members of the board of directors of Citigroup Inc. are: 
Board of Directors 
 
Main duties outside Citigroup Inc. 
Jane Fraser (Chief Executive 
Officer, Citigroup Inc.) 
 
 
Ellen M. Costello 
 
Former President and CEO, BMO Financial Corporation 
and Former U.S. Country Head of BMO Financial Group

--- Page 220 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
194 
 
 
Grace E. Dailey 
 
Former Senior Deputy Comptroller for Bank Supervision 
Policy and Chief National Bank Examiner, Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) 
Barbara J. Desoer 
 
Chair, Citibank, N.A. 
John C. Dugan (Chair, Citigroup 
Inc.) 
 
- 
Duncan P. Hennes 
 
Co‑Founder and Partner, Atrevida Partners, LLC 
Peter Blair Henry 
 
Stanford University Class of 1984 Senior Fellow,  
Hoover Institution and Senior Fellow, Freeman Spogli 
Institute for International Studies, Stanford University 
S. Leslie Ireland 
 
Former Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, 
U.S. Department of the Treasury and National 
Intelligence Manager for Threat Finance, Office of the 
Director of National Intelligence 
Renée J. James 
 
Founder, Chair and CEO, Ampere Computing 
Gary M. Reiner 
 
Operating Partner, General Atlantic LLC 
Diana L. Taylor 
 
Former Superintendent of Banks, State of New York 
James S. Turley 
 
Former Chairman and CEO, Ernst & Young 
Casper W. Von Koskull 
 
Former President and Group Chief Executive Officer, 
Nordea Bank Abp 
The executive officers of Citigroup Inc. are: Jane Fraser, Sunil Garg, Shahmir Khaliq, David Livingstone, 
Gonzalo Luchetti, Mark Mason, Brent McIntosh, Andrew Morton, Johnbull Okpara, Viswas Raghavan, 
Timothy Ryan, Anand Selvakesari, Andy Sieg, Edward Skyler, Ernesto Torres Cantu, Zdenek Turek and 
Sara Wechter. 
The business address of each director and executive officer of Citigroup Inc. in such capacities is 388 
Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013, United States of America. 
Citigroup Inc. is not aware of any conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the private 
interests and other duties of its senior management and the interests of Citigroup Inc. that would be 
material in the context of any issuance of Securities.  
Citigroup Inc. is in compliance with the laws and regulations of the United States relating to corporate 
governance. 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
The standing committees of Citigroup Inc.'s board of directors are: 
The audit committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to (i) the 
integrity of Citigroup Inc.'s consolidated financial statements, financial reporting process and systems of 
internal accounting and financial controls, (ii) the performance of the internal audit function ("Internal 
Audit"), (iii) the annual independent integrated audit of Citigroup Inc.'s consolidated financial statements 
and, effectiveness of Citigroup Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting, the engagement of the 
independent registered public accounting firm ("Independent Auditors") and the evaluation of the 
Independent Auditors' qualifications, independence and performance, (iv) holding management 
accountable for the effectiveness of Citigroup Inc.'s control environment and status of corrective actions, 
including the timely remediation of control breaks (including, without limitation, significant compliance 
or operational control breaks), (v) policy standards and guidelines for risk assessment and risk 
management, (vi) Citigroup Inc.'s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, including

--- Page 221 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
195 
 
Citigroup Inc.'s disclosure controls and procedures, and (vii) the fulfilment of the other responsibilities 
set out herein. 
The members of the audit committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, John C. Dugan, Duncan P 
Hennes, Renée J. James and James S. Turley. 
The risk management committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its responsibility for (i) oversight 
of Citigroup Inc.'s risk management framework and risk culture, including the significant policies and 
practices used in managing credit, market (trading and non-trading), liquidity, strategic, operational, 
compliance, reputation and certain other risks, including those pertaining to capital management, and (ii) 
oversight of the performance of the Global Risk Review credit, capital and collateral review function. 
The members of the risk management committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, Barbara Desoer, 
John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, James S. Turley and Casper von Koskull. 
The compensation, performance management, and culture committee, is responsible for determining 
the compensation for the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and approving the compensation of other 
executive officers of Citigroup Inc. and members of Citigroup Inc.'s Executive Management Team. The 
Committee is also responsible for approving the incentive compensation structure for other members of 
senior management and certain highly compensated employees (including discretionary incentive awards 
to covered employees as defined in applicable bank regulatory guidance), in accordance with guidelines 
established by the Committee from time to time. The Committee also has broad oversight over 
compliance with bank regulatory guidance governing Citigroup Inc.'s incentive compensation. 
The members of the personnel and compensation committee are Duncan P. Hennes, Peter B. Henry, 
Renée J. James, Gary M. Reiner, Diana L. Taylor and Casper von Koskull. 
The nomination, governance and public affairs committee is responsible for (i) identifying individuals 
qualified to become Board members and recommending to the Board the director nominees for the next 
annual meeting of stockholders; (ii) leading the Board in its annual review of the Board's performance; 
(iii) recommending to the Board directors for each committee for appointment by the Board; (iv) 
reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s policies and programs that relate to public issues of significance to Citigroup 
Inc. and the public at large, including but not limited to Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance 
(ESG) matters; and (v) reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s relationships with external constituencies and issues 
that impact Citigroup Inc.'s reputation, and advising management as to its approach to each. 
The members of the nomination, governance and public affairs committee are John C. Dugan, Peter B. 
Henry, Gary M. Reiner, Diana L. Taylor and Casper von Koskull. 
The technology committee is responsible for assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities with 
respect to oversight of: (1) the planning and execution of Citigroup's technology strategy and operating 
plan; (2) the development of Citigroup's target state operating model and architecture; (3) technology-
based risk management, including risk management framework, risk appetite and risk exposures of 
Citigroup Inc., including Cyber Security; (4) resource and talent planning of the Technology function; 
and (5) the Citigroup's third-party management policies, practices and standards that relate to 
Technology. 
The members of the technology committee are Barbara Desoer, S. Leslie Ireland, Renée J. James and 
Gary Reiner. 
The executive committee is responsible for acting on behalf of the Board if a matter requires Board action 
before a meeting of the full Board can be held. 
The members of the executive committee are Barbara Desoer, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, Renée 
J. James, Diana L. Taylor and James S. Turley. 
Auditors 
The auditors of Citigroup Inc. are KPMG LLP of 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154, United States 
of America. KPMG LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is 
regulated by the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

--- Page 222 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
196 
 
 
KPMG LLP audited the consolidated balance sheets of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2023 and 2022 
and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for 
each of the years in the three‑year period ended 31 December 2023. KPMG LLP expressed an unqualified 
opinion on such financial statements in its report dated 23 February 2024. 
Material contracts 
Citigroup Inc. has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Securities 
issued by it or under any Securities which are Notes or Certificates issued by CGMHI (as the case may 
be). 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of Securities by Citigroup Inc. will be used for general corporate purposes, 
which may include capital contributions to its subsidiaries and/or the reduction or refinancings of 
borrowings of Citigroup Inc. or its subsidiaries. Citigroup Inc. expects to incur additional indebtedness 
in the future. 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates may be issued by Citigroup Inc. as green bonds ("Green 
Bonds") or Securities which are Notes or Certificates for which it is Citigroup Inc.'s intention to apply 
an amount equal to the net proceeds to fund the financing or refinancing of Eligible Green Assets, in 
whole or in part, as further described under the heading "Green Bonds" in "Investment Considerations" 
above. In the event that such Securities are intended to constitute Green Bonds, the applicable Issue 
Terms will specify that such Securities are Green Bonds and will provide any additional information in 
relation to the intended use of proceeds thereof. 
Citigroup Inc. may also issue Securities which are Notes or Certificates as social bonds ("Social Bonds") 
or Securities which are Notes or Certificates for which it is Citigroup Inc.'s intention to apply an amount 
equal to the net proceeds to fund the financing or refinancing in whole or in part, of a portion of 
Citigroup's portfolio of affordable housing assets, as further described under the heading "Social Bonds 
issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI" in "Investment Considerations" above. In the event that such 
Securities are intended to constitute Social Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will specify that such 
Securities are Social Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the intended use of 
proceeds thereof. 
Citigroup Inc. may also issue Securities which are Notes or Certificates as social finance bonds ("Social 
Finance Bonds") or Securities which are Notes or Certificates for which it is Citigroup Inc.'s intention 
to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds to finance or refinance a portion of Social Finance Assets, 
as further described under the heading "Social Finance Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI" in 
"Investment Considerations" above. In the event that such Securities are intended to constitute Social 
Finance Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will specify that such Securities are Social Finance Bonds 
and will provide any additional information in relation to the intended use of proceeds thereof.  
Corporate authorities 
Citigroup Inc. has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the United States in 
connection with the establishment and update of the Programme, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the 
issue and performance of the Securities. The update of the Programme and the issue of the Securities by 
Citigroup Inc. under the Programme was authorised by certificates of the Funding Approvers of Citigroup 
Inc. dated 31 May 2023 and pursuant to resolutions of the board of directors of Citigroup Inc. dated 15 
February 2024. The giving of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee was authorised by a certificate of the 
Funding Approvers of Citigroup Inc. dated 16 May 2023. 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 30 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10‑K, (ii) Note 27 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10‑Q, (iii) Note 27 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10‑Q and (iv) Note 
27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 10‑Q. Save as 
disclosed in the documents referenced above, neither Citigroup Inc. nor any of its subsidiaries is involved 
in, or has been involved in, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had, in the

--- Page 223 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
197 
 
twelve months before the date of this Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole, nor, so far as 
Citigroup Inc. is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change  
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of Citigroup Inc. 
or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole since 30 September 2024 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s 
most recently published unaudited interim financial statements), and there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 
December 2023 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s most recently published audited annual financial statements).

--- Page 224 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
198 
 
 
SECTION F.2 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. ("CGMHI"), operating through its subsidiaries, engages in full-
service investment banking and securities brokerage business. As used in this description, CGMHI refers 
to CGMHI and its consolidated subsidiaries. CGMHI operates in the Markets business segment. 
CGMHI's parent, Citigroup Inc. ("Citigroup", or "Citi"), is a global diversified financial services holding 
company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, 
yet focused, range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate 
and investment banking, securities brokerage, trade and securities services and wealth management. Citi 
does business in nearly 160 countries and jurisdictions. 
Citigroup is managed pursuant to five operating segments: Services, Markets, Banking, U.S. Personal 
Banking and Wealth. Activities not assigned to the operating segments are included in All Other. 
There are no recent events particular to CGMHI which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation 
of CGMHI's solvency and no material changes in CGMHI's borrowing and funding structure since its 
last financial year other than as set out in the specified sections of the documents referenced below which 
are incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference:  
(i) 
the "Markets" section of the Management Report on pages 4 to 6 of the CGMHI 2023 Annual 
Report; 
(ii) 
the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition on pages 45 to 46 of the CGMHI 2023 
Annual Report; 
(iii) 
the "Markets" section of the Management Report on pages 4 to 6 of the CGMHI 2024 Half-
yearly Financial Report; and 
(iv) 
the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition on pages 41 to 42 of the CGMHI 2024 Half-
yearly Financial Report. 
The principal offices of CGMHI are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, telephone 
number +1 (212) 559-1000. CGMHI was incorporated in New York on 23 February 1977 and is the 
successor to Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc.. On 7 April 2003, CGMHI filed a Restated Certificate 
of Incorporation changing its name from Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. to Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc.. CGMHI's Federal Employee Identification Number ("FEIN" or "EIN") issued 
by the US Internal Revenue Service is 11-2418067. The website of CGMHI is www.citigroup.com. 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed 
to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGMHI is 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31. 
Markets 
Markets provides corporate, institutional and public sector clients around the world with a full range of 
sales and trading services across equities, foreign exchange, rates, spread products and commodities. The 
range of services includes market-making across asset classes, risk management solutions, financing, 
prime brokerage, research, securities clearing and settlement. 
As a market maker, Markets facilitates transactions, including holding product inventory to meet client 
demand, and earns the differential between the price at which it buys and sells the products. These price 
differentials and the unrealized gains and losses on the inventory are recorded in Principal transactions. 
Interest income earned on assets held, less interest paid on long- and short-term debt and secured funding 
transactions, is recorded as Net interest income. 
The amount and types of Markets revenues are impacted by a variety of interrelated factors, including 
market liquidity; changes in market variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, 
commodity prices and credit spreads, as well as their implied volatilities; investor confidence; and other 
macroeconomic conditions. Markets revenues include revenues earned by Citi that are subject to a 
revenue sharing arrangement with Banking—Corporate Lending for Investment Banking, Markets and 
Services products sold to Corporate Lending clients.

--- Page 225 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
199 
 
Assuming all other market conditions do not change, increases in client activity levels or bid/offer spreads 
generally result in increases in revenues. However, changes in market conditions can significantly impact 
client activity levels, bid/offer spreads and the fair value of product inventory. Management of the 
Markets businesses involves daily monitoring and evaluation of the above factors.  
Markets international presence is supported by trading floors in approximately 80 countries and a 
proprietary network in 95 countries and jurisdictions. 
For additional information on Market's business activities, see "Markets" in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K. 
Market's international presence is supported by trading floors in approximately 80 countries and a 
proprietary network in 95 countries and jurisdictions. 
Description of corporate structure/governance 
Corporate system 
CGMHI is a corporation organised under the laws of the State of New York in the United States of 
America. To the best of its knowledge and belief, CGMHI complies with the federal laws and regulations 
of the United States and of the laws and regulations of New York State regarding corporate governance. 
Corporate objects 
CGMHI was "formed for the purpose of engaging in any lawful act or activity for which corporations 
may be organised under the Business Corporation Law" of New York, as stated in Article SECOND of 
CGMHI's Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
Authorised and issued share capital 
CGMHI's authorised share capital is 1,000 Common Stock of par value U.S.$0.01 and 10,000,000 
Preferred Stock of par value U.S.$1.00. CGMHI's issued share capital is 1,000 Common Stock which is 
fully paid up and held by Citigroup Inc. No Preferred Stock has been issued. 
Voting power of shareholders 
Subject to the provisions of any applicable law or except as otherwise provided by the resolution or 
resolutions providing for the issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of outstanding shares of 
Common Stock shall exclusively possess voting power for the election of directors and for all other 
purposes, each holder of record of shares of Common Stock being entitled to one vote for each share of 
Common Stock standing in his name on the books of CGMHI. At present, CGMHI has a single 
shareholder of Common Stock being Citigroup Inc. and no holders of Preferred Stock. As such, the 
shareholder of Common Stock has a controlling vote with respect to all matters submitted to a shareholder 
vote. No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns enough shares of 
Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc. 
Director and officers of CGMHI 
The director of CGMHI is as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Robert F. Klein 
Director 
The other officers of CGMHI are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
John Valenti 
Chief Financial Officer 
Frank Brucino 
Controller

--- Page 226 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
200 
 
 
Jason Mercado 
Treasurer 
David Palisoul 
Assistant Treasurer 
Alexia Breuvart 
General Counsel/Secretary 
Richard Simpson 
Vice President 
Elissa Steinberg 
Vice President 
Marie Elena Almeida 
Assistant Secretary 
Katrina Basil 
Assistant Secretary 
Sarah Blotner 
Assistant Secretary 
Norma Castro 
Assistant Secretary 
Shannon Hales 
Assistant Secretary 
Robert F. Klein 
Assistant Secretary 
Myongsu Kong 
Assistant Secretary 
James Myers 
Assistant Secretary 
Anne E. Moses 
Assistant Secretary 
Matthew Pollack 
Assistant Secretary 
Sofia Rahman 
Assistant Secretary 
Christopher Teano 
Assistant Secretary 
The members of the Notes Committee of CGMHI are as follows: 
Peter Battin 
 
Mark Mason 
 
Jason Mercado 
 
Johnbull Okpara 
 
Elissa Steinberg 
 
Shawn Stolar 
 
Michael Verdeschi 
 
The main duties outside CGMHI performed by the directors and officers listed above are not significant 
with respect to CGMHI. 
The business address of each director and officer of CGMHI is 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 
10013, United States of America. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMHI by the senior 
management listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Audit Committee 
CGMHI does not have an audit committee.

--- Page 227 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
201 
 
Dividends 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of 
Preferred Stock, after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount 
of dividends to which they shall be entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the 
issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of 
the holders of Preferred Stock of any and all series, to receive such dividends as from time to time may 
be declared by the board of directors. At present, no series of Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
Liquidation, dissolution or winding up; pre emptive rights 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of 
Preferred Stock, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of CGMHI, whether voluntary 
or involuntary, after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount 
to which they shall be entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any 
series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of the holders 
of Preferred Stock of any and all series, to share rateably according to the number of shares of Common 
Stock held by them, in all remaining assets of CGMHI available for distribution. At present, no series of 
Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
No shareholders shall be entitled to any pre emptive rights in respect of any securities of CGMHI. 
Preferred stock 
The board of directors is authorised, subject to limitations prescribed by law and the provisions of the 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in series, 
and by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of New York, to establish from time 
to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, 
preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions 
of such shares. 
Auditors 
CGMHI's annual accounts as of 31 December 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 
2022 and 2021 were audited without qualification in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards in the United States by KPMG LLP, independent registered public accountants, 345 Park 
Avenue, New York, New York 10154. The auditors of CGMHI have no material interest in CGMHI. 
KPMG LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is regulated by 
the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
Use of Proceeds 
A portion of the proceeds of any issue of Securities will be used by CGMHI and/or its subsidiaries for 
general corporate purposes, which include making a profit. 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates may be issued by CGMHI as green bonds ("Green Bonds") 
or Securities which are Notes or Certificates for which it is CGMHI's intention to apply an amount equal 
to the net proceeds to fund the financing or refinancing of Eligible Green Assets, in whole or in part, in 
each case, as further described under the heading "Green Bonds" in "Investment Considerations" above. 
In the event that such Securities are intended to constitute Green Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will 
specify that such Securities are Green Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to 
the intended use of proceeds thereof. 
CGMHI may also issue Securities which are Notes or Certificates as social bonds ("Social Bonds") or 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates for which it is CGMHI's intention to apply an amount equal to 
the net proceeds to fund the financing or refinancing in whole or in part of a portion of Citigroup's 
portfolio of affordable housing assets, as further described under the heading "Social Bonds issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI" in "Investment Considerations" above. In the event that such Securities are 
intended to constitute Social Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will specify that such Securities are 
Social Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the intended use of proceeds 
thereof.

--- Page 228 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
202 
 
 
CGMHI may also issue Securities which are Notes or Certificates as social finance bonds ("Social 
Finance Bonds") or Securities which are Notes or Certificates for which it is CGMHI's intention to 
allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds to finance or refinance a portion of Social Finance Assets, 
as further described under the heading "Social Finance Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI" in 
"Investment Considerations" above. In the event that such Securities are intended to constitute Social 
Finance Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will specify that such Securities are Social Finance Bonds 
and will provide any additional information in relation to the intended use of proceeds thereof. 
Material contracts 
CGMHI has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Securities issued 
by it. 
Corporate authorities 
The accession of CGMHI to the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors 
of CGMHI on 23 March 2023, and the update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a certificate 
of the Notes Committee of CGMHI dated 5 July 2024. 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of CGMHI's material legal and regulatory matters, see Note 16 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2023 Annual Report and Note 13 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2024 Half-Yearly Financial Report. For a discussion of 
Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, of which the matters discussed in Note 16 and Note 
13 (as specified above) are a part, see (i) Note 30 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in 
the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10 K, (ii) Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 
Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10 Q, (iii) Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in 
the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10‑Q and (iv) Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
included in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 10‑Q. Save as disclosed in the documents referenced above, 
neither CGMHI nor any of its subsidiaries is involved in, or has been involved in, any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had in the twelve months before the date of the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of CGMHI or CGMHI and 
its subsidiaries taken as a whole, nor, so far as CGMHI is aware, are any such proceedings pending or 
threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change  
There has been no significant change in the consolidated financial position or financial performance of 
CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 June 2024 (the date of the most recently published 
unaudited interim financial statements of CGMHI) and there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2023 (the date of the most 
recently published audited annual financial statements of CGMHI).

--- Page 229 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
203 
 
SECTION F.3 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. ("CGMFL") was incorporated as a corporate 
partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) on 24 May 2012 under the laws of 
Luxembourg, including the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies as amended from time to 
time (the "Companies Act 1915") for an unlimited duration with its registered office at 31, Z.A. 
Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and is registered with the Register of Trade 
and Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 
169.199. CGMFL has been established for the purpose, among others, of granting loans or other forms 
of funding directly or indirectly in whatever form or means to any entities in the same group. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGMFL is 549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53. 
As of 23 October 2024, the issued share capital of CGMFL is two million five hundred and seventy-eight 
Euro (EUR 2,000,578) divided into: 
• 
one (1) share with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.) (action de commandité, the "Unlimited 
Share") held by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l., a private limited 
liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) incorporated under the laws of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having a share capital of twenty-seven thousand and five hundred 
Euro (EUR 27,500) and registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of Luxembourg 
under number B 169.149 (the "Unlimited Shareholder"); 
• 
one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine (1,999,999) limited 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.-) each (actions de commanditaire, 
the "Limited Shares") held (i) by the Unlimited Shareholder for one (1) Limited Share and (ii) 
by Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("CGML"), a private limited company, incorporated 
under the laws of England and Wales, having its registered office at Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom, registration number 1763297 for 
one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-eight (1,999,998) Limited 
Shares (the "Limited Shareholders" and together with the Unlimited Shareholder the 
"Shareholders"); and 
• 
five hundred and seventy-eight (578) classes of limited preference shares with a nominal value 
of one Euro (EUR 1.-) each held by CGML. 
CGMFL is managed by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. The Board of 
Managers (as defined below) provides independent management of CGMFL. CGMFL is a wholly owned 
indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, 
owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over 
Citigroup Inc. 
CGMFL's registered office is situated at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and the telephone number is +352 45 14 14 447. The website of CGMFL is 
www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website 
should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The amended and restated articles (statuts coordonnés) of CGMFL dated 28 July 2023, dated 24 August 
2023, dated 22 September 2023, dated 27 October 2023, dated 27 November 2023, dated 12 December 
2023, dated 18 January 2024, dated 27 February 2024, dated 28 March 2024, dated 29 April 2024, dated 
29 May 2024, dated 28 June 2024, dated 29 July 2024 and dated 26 August (the "Articles") were 
published in the "Recueil Électronique des Sociétés et Associations" on 18 September 2023, on 16 
October 2023, on 31 October 2023, on 5 December 2023, on 23 January 2024, on 9 February 2024, on 
19 February 2024, on 22 March 2024, on 9 April 2024, on 15 May 2024, on 13 June 2024, on 27 June 
2024, on 28 August 2024, on 18 September 2024 and on 24 September 2024. The Articles were further 
amended by notarial deeds dated 27 September 2024 and dated 23 October 2024, which were published 
in the "Recueil Électronique des Sociétés et Associations" on 24 October 2024 and on 7 November 2024.

--- Page 230 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
204 
 
 
Management of CGMFL 
CGMFL is managed by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. in its capacity as 
manager (the "Corporate Manager"). 
The following table sets forth the names of the members of the board of managers of the Unlimited 
Shareholder being the Corporate Manager (the "Board of Managers") as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
• 
Mr. Eduardo Gramuglia Pallavicino, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 
Bertrange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg;  
• 
Ms. Silvia Carpitella, with professional address at Reuterweg 16 (An Der Welle) Frankfurt Main 
D-60323 Germany; 
• 
Mr. Martin Sonneck, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg;  
• 
Ms. Milka Krasteva, with professional address at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom; and 
• 
Mr. Dimba Kier, with professional address at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom 
Eduardo Gramuglia Pallavicino, is a Managing Director, in Securities Services Benelux. Eduardo joined 
Citi in May 2023 as Head of Securities Services for Benelux. 
Eduardo has over 20 years of experience in Luxembourg and London in fund services, capital markets 
and fintech. Prior to joining Citi Eduardo held various senior leadership roles including Branch Manager 
and Country Head for State Street Bank Luxembourg, responsible for overseeing and growing all 
activities in country, representing the franchise in external industry associations and internationally. 
Eduardo has a Doctorate in Political Sciences from the Universita di Roma La Sapienza. 
Eduardo Gramuglia Pallavicino was appointed as Manager on 13 December 2023 for an unlimited 
duration. 
Silvia Carpitella is the Chief Executive Officer of Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG (CGME), 
headquartered in Frankfurt and under the Supervision of the ECB. Before her current role, Silvia has 
been Interim CEO and CFO of Citibank Europe PLC and Europe CFO. Silvia has over 20 years of 
successful track record at C-level in five different European countries.  
Silvia is a University Graduate cum Laude from the University of Economics in Florence. 
Silvia Carpitella was appointed as Manager on 9 April 2024 for an unlimited duration. 
Martin Sonneck joined Citi in 1994 where he held various technology and project management roles for 
the German Consumer Bank until moving to Citi Netherlands in 2005 to lead Technology for the 
Corporate Bank, expanding to Nordics in 2012 and Benelux, France, Israel and Italy in 2020. 
He also served as the Head of Operations & Technology Netherlands since 2012, additionally covering 
Belgium and Luxembourg from 2021. 
Since 2023, he is based in Luxembourg managing Operations across Benelux. 
Martin studied Chemistry at FH Niederrhein, Germany. 
Martin Sonneck was appointed as Manager on 27 September 2024 for an unlimited duration.

--- Page 231 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
205 
 
Milka Krasteva has been with Citi since 2007, and has held structuring and platform roles across the 
Equities, Multi-Asset and Commodities Markets businesses. She is currently a Director in the Global 
Markets Issuance team within the Markets business.  
Milka holds a First Class master's degree in Mathematics from Imperial College London.  
Milka Krasteva was appointed as Manager on 8 March 2021 for an unlimited duration. 
Dimba Kier joined Citi in 2020 and is the UK Treasurer, with responsibilities across Liquidity, Capital 
and Funding for UK entities. 
Dimba Kier joined Citi from Morgan Stanley where he spent 12 years across a number of functions 
within Corporate Treasury including for the last 6 years, where he held the role as EMEA Head of 
Liquidity. Dimba also spent 4 years at Goldman Sachs covering funding and liquidity in the Corporate 
Treasury function. 
Dimba holds a degree in Business Economics and Finance from Loughborough University. 
Dimba Kier was appointed as Manager on 17 May 2021 for an unlimited duration. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMFL by the board of 
managers listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. There are no principal activities 
performed by the board of managers outside of CGMFL which are significant with respect to CGMFL. 
Principal activities 
As set out in Clause 4 in the Articles of CGMFL, the corporate object of CGMFL is the granting of loans 
or other forms of funding directly or indirectly in whatever form or means to any entities belonging to 
the same group (e.g., including, but not limited to, by subscription of bonds, debentures, other debt 
instruments, advances, the granting of pledges or the issuing of other guarantees of any kind to secure 
the obligations of any entities, through derivatives or otherwise). 
CGMFL may finance itself in whatever form including, without limitation, through borrowing or through 
issuance of listed or unlisted notes and other debt or equity instruments, convertible or not (e.g., including 
but not limited to bonds, notes, loan participation notes, subordinated notes, promissory notes, certificates 
and warrants) including under stand-alone issues, medium term note and commercial paper programmes. 
CGMFL may also: 
(a) 
grant security for funds raised, including notes and other debt or equity instruments issued, and 
for the obligations of CGMFL; and 
(b) 
enter into all necessary agreements, including, but not limited to underwriting agreements, 
marketing agreements, management agreements, advisory agreements, administration 
agreements and other contracts for services, selling agreements, deposit agreements, fiduciary 
agreements, hedging agreements, interest and/or currency exchange agreements and other 
financial derivative agreements, bank and cash administration agreements, liquidity facility 
agreements, credit insurance agreements and any agreements creating any kind of security 
interest. 
In addition to the foregoing, CGMFL can perform all legal, commercial, technical and financial 
investments or operations and, in general, all transactions which are necessary or useful to fulfil its 
objects as well as all operations connected directly or indirectly to facilitating the accomplishment of its 
purpose in all areas described above. 
CGMFL's Articles and Luxembourg law however prohibit it from entering into any transaction which 
would constitute a regulated activity of the financial sector or require a business licence under 
Luxembourg law without due authorisation under Luxembourg law. 
CGMFL grants loans and other forms of funding to entities belonging to the same group and therefore 
competes in any market in which the Group has a presence.

--- Page 232 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
206 
 
 
There are no recent events particular to CGMFL which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation 
of CGMFL's solvency and no material changes in CGMFL's borrowing and funding structure since its 
last financial year other than as set out in the specified sections of the documents referenced below which 
are incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference:  
(i) 
paragraphs 2 (Business Review), 4 (Statement of Financial Position), 8 (Financial Instruments) 
and 12 (Events after the reporting Period) in the "Management Report and Responsibility 
Statement for the year ended 31 December 2023" section on pages 3 to 12 of the CGMFL 2023 
Annual Report; 
(ii) 
the Statement of Financial Position on page 21 of the CGMFL 2023 Annual Report; 
(iii) 
paragraphs 2 (Business Review), 3 (Balance Sheet), 6 (Financial Instruments) and 10 (Events 
after the reporting period) in the "Management Report and Responsibility Statement for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024" section on pages 3 to 7 of the pdf of the CGMFL 2024 Interim 
Financial Report; and 
(iv) 
the Condensed Interim Balance Sheet on page 10 of the pdf of the CGMFL 2024 Interim 
Financial Report. 
Corporate Governance 
No corporate governance regime to which CGMFL would be subject exists in Luxembourg as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Share Capital 
As of 23 October 2024, CGMFL has a share capital of two million five hundred and seventy-eight Euro 
(EUR 2,000,578), represented by two million five hundred and seventy-eight (2,000,578) shares, divided 
into (i) one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine (1,999,999) Limited 
Shares, (ii) one (1) Unlimited Share and (iii) five hundred and seventy-eight (578) classes of limited 
preference shares (the "Preference Shares"), each having a nominal value of one Euro (EUR 1). 500,000 
of the Limited Shares and the Unlimited Share have been partly paid up and the Preference Shares have 
been fully paid up, for an amount of five hundred fifty-seven thousand seven hundred thirty-two Euro 
and eighty-one cents (EUR 557,732.81). 
 
Limited 
Shares: 
Unlimited 
Share: 
Preference 
Shares 
Subscription 
Price in Euro 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg GP S.à 
r.l. 
1 
- 
- 
0.25 
 
 
1 
 
0.25 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets Limited 
1,999,998 
- 
- 
499,999.50 
 
- 
- 
578 
57,732.81 
Total 
Shares/Subscription 
Price 
1,999,999 
1 
578 
557,732.81 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Capitalisation 
EUR 2,000,578 
 
 
 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding 
1 
- 
- 
0.25

--- Page 233 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
207 
 
Luxembourg GP S.à 
r.l. 
CGMFL has an authorised capital of one hundred thousand Euro (EUR 100,000) represented by a 
maximum of one hundred thousand (100,000) limited preference shares, having a nominal value of one 
Euro (EUR 1) each and which may be divided into different classes. As of 23 October 2024, ninety nine 
thousand two hundred fifty-three Euro (EUR 99,253) of such authorised capital remains available. 
Approved Statutory Auditor (Réviseur d'entreprises agréé) and financial year 
CGMFL's approved statutory auditor (réviseur d'entreprises agréé) is KPMG Audit S.à r.l. (formerly 
KPMG Luxembourg Société Coopérative), incorporated and existing under Luxembourg law, having its 
registered office at 39, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and registered with the Register of 
Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under 
number B 149 133 ("KPMG Luxembourg"), who has been re-appointed for a period of ten (10) years 
until the 2034 audit, by a resolution of the shareholders of CGMFL dated 28 November 2023. KPMG 
Luxembourg is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
CGMFL's fiscal year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December each year, except for the first fiscal 
year that started on the date of incorporation of CGMFL and ended on 31 December 2012. 
KPMG Luxembourg audited the CGMFL 2023 Annual Report and the CGMFL 2022 Annual Report in 
accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014. KPMG Luxembourg expressed 
an unqualified opinion on the CGMFL 2023 Annual Report and the CGMFL 2022 Annual Report. 
Taxation 
CGMFL is subject to the tax laws of Luxembourg on income and does not have any special tax status. It 
is, therefore, in principle entitled to the benefits of tax treaties concluded between the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and other countries (subject to the acceptance of such contracting states). 
Employees 
CGMFL has no employees. 
Accounts 
CGMFL prepares annual and half yearly non-consolidated accounts. The first annual accounts were 
prepared in respect of the period from the date of its incorporation to 31 December 2012 in accordance 
with the Articles and were published by CGMFL on 7 June 2013. 
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1915, CGMFL will publish its audited annual 
accounts on an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of 
the Shareholders. 
Any future published audited annual accounts or unaudited half yearly accounts prepared for CGMFL 
will be obtainable free of charge from the registered office of CGMFL in Luxembourg, as described in 
Section E.4 – Documents Available for Inspection. 
Material Contracts 
Apart from any agreements entered into by it in connection with the Programme, the Citi Warrant 
Programme or the Citi Regulation S Warrant Programme, CGMFL has not entered into any material 
contracts other than in the ordinary course of its business. 
Use of Proceeds  
The net proceeds of the issue of Securities by CGMFL will be used primarily to grant loans or other 
forms of funding to Citigroup Global Markets Limited and any entity belonging to the same group, and 
may be used to finance CGMFL itself.

--- Page 234 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
208 
 
 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates may be issued by CGMFL as green bonds ("Green Bonds") 
or Securities which are Notes or Certificates for which it is CGMFL's intention to apply an amount equal 
to the net proceeds to fund the financing or refinancing of Eligible Green Assets, in whole or in part, as 
further described under the heading "Green Bonds" in "Investment Considerations" above. In the event 
that such Securities are intended to constitute Green Bonds, the applicable Final Terms will specify that 
such Securities are Green Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the intended 
use of proceeds thereof. 
Further information on the use of proceeds may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Corporate authorities 
The issuance of the Securities by CGMFL and any other relevant corporate actions in relation to the 
issuance of the Securities have been authorised pursuant to resolutions of the board of managers of the 
Corporate Manager of CGMFL, among others, on 26 June 2013 and 28 June 2024. 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 30 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 27 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 27 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10‑Q and (iv) Note 
27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 10‑Q. Save as 
disclosed in the documents referenced above, CGMFL is not involved in, or has not been involved in, 
any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had in the twelve months before the 
date of this CGMFL Base Prospectus, a significant effect on CGMFL's financial position or profitability, 
nor, so far as CGMFL is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of CGMFL since 
30 June 2024 (the date of the most recently published unaudited interim financial statements of CGMFL) 
and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of CGMFL since 31 December 2023 (the 
date of its most recently published audited annual financial statements). 
All Monies Guarantee Granted by CGML (in relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only) 
On 11 May 2017 CGML granted a guarantee (the form of which is set out in Section F.5) under which 
CGML unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees payment of all sums payable by CGMFL in respect 
of any liability of CGMFL of any kind and in any currency (whether present or future, actual or 
contingent and whether incurred alone or jointly with another) together with all the charges, commission, 
interest and expenses payable by CGMFL in connection with the relevant liability (the "All Monies 
Guarantee"). The All Monies Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of CGML and ranks and will rank pari passu (subject to mandatorily preferred 
debts under applicable laws) with all other outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
CGML. 
In respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates, while the All Monies Guarantee given by CGML 
will cover cash payment obligations of CGMFL under its Securities, the All Monies Guarantee does not 
materially change the position of Securityholders of such Securities as all obligations of CGMFL in 
connection with the Securities are already guaranteed by CGML under the existing CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee. The All Monies Guarantee is without prejudice to, and does not affect in any way, the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or CGML's obligations under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. 
In respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates, the All Monies Guarantee is the 
only guarantee in respect of such Securities (defined in this Base Prospectus as the CGMFL WEC Deed 
of Guarantee).

--- Page 235 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
209 
 
SECTION F.4 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("CGML") is a private company limited by shares and was 
incorporated in England and Wales on 21 October 1983. CGML operates under the laws of England and 
Wales, including the Companies Act, and is domiciled in England. Its registered office is at Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB and its telephone number is +44 (0)20 7986 
4000. The registration number of CGML is 01763297 on the register maintained by the UK Companies 
House. The website of CGML is www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference 
herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGML is XKZZ2JZF41MRHTR1V493. 
Directors of CGML 
The directors of CGML are: 
Name 
Position at CGML 
Jonathan Paul Moulds 
Director (Chair) 
Tiina Le-Seong Lee 
Director (CEO) 
Amit Raja 
Director 
Iain Plunkett 
Director 
Sally Jane Clark 
Director 
William Moray Newton Fall 
Director 
Evelin Ducsai 
Director 
Casper Wilhelm Von Koskull 
Director 
Manjira Sen-Gosain 
Director 
Graham Westgarth 
Director 
The business address of each director of CGML in his or her capacity as such is Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB. There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between 
any duties owed to CGML by the board of directors listed above and their private interests and/or other 
duties. There are no principal activities performed by the directors outside of CGML which are significant 
with respect to CGML. 
Principal activities 
CGML is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and has a major international presence as 
a dealer, market maker and underwriter in equity, fixed income securities and commodities, as well as 
providing advisory services to a wide range of corporate, institutional and government clients. It is 
headquartered in London and operates globally. CGML is authorised by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority ("PRA") and regulated by the PRA and Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"). CGML is also 
a Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") registered swap dealer, and United States 
Securities Exchange Commission ("SEC") registered security-based swap dealer and is considered a 
Risk-Taking Operating Material Legal Entity in Citigroup Inc.'s Global Resolution Plan. See also 
paragraph 1 (Introduction) of the Strategic Report from page 2 of the CGML 2023 Annual Report. 
There are no recent events particular to CGML which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation 
of CGML's solvency and no material changes in CGML's borrowing and funding structure since its last 
financial year other than as set out in the specified sections of the documents referenced below which are 
incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference:

--- Page 236 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
210 
 
 
(i) 
paragraph 3 (Financial Highlights) in the "Strategic Report" section on pages 12 to 14 of the 
CGML 2023 Annual Report; 
(ii) 
the Balance Sheet on page 34 of the CGML 2023 Annual Report; 
(iii) 
paragraph 3 (Financial Highlights) in the "Interim Management Report" section on pages 3 to 
4 of the CGML 2024 Interim Financial Report; and 
(iv) 
the Balance Sheet on page 11 of the CGML 2024 Interim Financial Report. 
Corporate governance 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, CGML complies with the laws and regulations of England 
regarding corporate governance. 
Share capital of CGML and major shareholders 
As at 30 June 2024, the fully paid up issued share capital of CGML was U.S.$20,998,975,176 made up 
of 20,998,975,176 ordinary shares of a par value of U.S.$1 each. 
All of the issued share capital of CGML is owned by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Bahamas 
Limited (100 per cent.), which is an indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. No shareholder or associated 
group of shareholders acting together owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly 
or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc. 
Auditor of CGML 
CGML's auditor is KPMG LLP, having its registered office at 15 Canada Square, London E14 5GL. 
KPMG LLP is regulated by the Financial Reporting Council. KPMG LLP are members of the UK's 
chartered accountants' professional body, ICAEW, of Chartered Accountants' Hall, Moorgate Place, 
London EC2R 6EA. 
KPMG LLP audited the financial statements of CGML for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 in accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014 and 
expressed an unqualified opinion on such financial statements in its reports dated 25 April 2023 and 25 
April 2024. 
Material contracts 
CGML has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Securities issued 
by CGMFL. 
Corporate authorities 
CGML has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in England in connection with 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee.  
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 30 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 27 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 27 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10‑Q and (iv) Note 
27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 10‑Q. Save as 
disclosed in the documents referenced above, CGML is not involved in, or has not been involved in, any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had in the twelve months before the date 
of this CGMFL Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of CGML 
nor, so far as CGML is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been (i) no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of CGML or 
CGML and its subsidiaries as a whole since 30 June 2024 (the date of its most recently published

--- Page 237 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
211 
 
unaudited interim financial statements) and (ii) no material adverse change in the prospects of CGML or 
CGML and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 December 2023 (the date of its most recently published 
audited annual financial statements).

--- Page 238 ---
FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
212 
 
 
SECTION F.5 – FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on 11 May 2017 by Citigroup Global Markets Limited (the 
"Guarantor") in favour of each Beneficiary (as defined below). 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
As defined herein:  
"Beneficiary" means any person who is owed any sum or amount which is due and payable by 
CGMFL under or in respect of any Liability; 
"CGMFL" means Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.; 
"Liabilities" means all the liabilities of CGMFL of any kind and in any currency (whether 
present or future, actual or contingent and whether incurred alone or jointly with another) 
together with all the charges, commission, interest and expenses payable by CGMFL in 
connection with the relevant liability; and 
"Taxes" includes all present and future income and other taxes, levies, duties, imposts, 
deductions charges, fees and withholdings, in each case as imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
the United Kingdom, together with interest thereon and penalties with respect thereto (if any). 
Where the context so admits, the singular includes the plural and vice versa. Headings are for 
convenience of reference only. 
2. 
DEED OF GUARANTEE 
Subject as provided herein, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees by way 
of deed poll to each Beneficiary that if, for any reason, CGMFL does not pay any sum payable 
by it to such Beneficiary under or in respect of any Liability including any premium or any other 
amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may become payable under the 
foregoing as and when the same shall become due and payable under any of the foregoing, the 
Guarantor will duly and promptly pay to such Beneficiary on the request of such Beneficiary 
the sum or the amount payable by CGMFL to or for such Beneficiary.  
3. 
GUARANTOR AS PRINCIPAL OBLIGOR 
Without affecting CGMFL's obligations, the Guarantor will be liable under this Deed of 
Guarantee as if it were the sole principal obligor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, it will 
not be discharged, nor will its liability be affected, by anything which would not discharge it or 
affect its liability if it were the sole principal obligor (including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver 
or consent at any time given to CGMFL or any other person, (b) any amendment to any Liability 
or to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (c) the making or absence of any demand on 
CGMFL or any other person for payment, (d) the enforcement or absence of enforcement of any 
Liability or of any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (e) the release of any such security, 
guarantee or indemnity, (f) the dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or reorganisation of 
CGMFL or any other person, (g) the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of or any defect in 
any provision of any Liability or any of CGMFL's obligations under or in respect of a Liability 
or (h) any other act, event or omission which but for this sub-Clause might operate to discharge, 
impair or otherwise affect the obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor herein or 
any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the Beneficiaries or any of them by this 
Deed of Guarantee or by law). 
4. 
GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS CONTINUING 
The Guarantor's obligations under this Deed of Guarantee are irrevocable and are and will 
remain in full force and effect by way of continuing security in respect of any outstanding 
Liabilities. Furthermore, these obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not instead of, 
any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of a Beneficiary,

--- Page 239 ---
FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
213 
 
whether from the Guarantor or otherwise. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices and 
demands whatsoever. 
5. 
REPAYMENT TO CGMFL 
If any payment or amount received by a Beneficiary is, on the subsequent liquidation or 
insolvency of CGMFL, avoided under any laws relating to liquidation or insolvency, such 
payment will not be considered as having discharged or diminished the liability of the Guarantor 
and this Deed of Guarantee will continue to apply as if such payment or amount had at all times 
remained owing by CGMFL. 
6. 
INDEMNITY 
As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees 
that any sum amount expressed to be payable by CGMFL under or in respect of any Liability 
but which is for any reason (whether or not now known or becoming known to CGMFL, the 
Guarantor or any Beneficiary) not recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a guarantee 
will nevertheless be recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and will be paid 
by it to the Beneficiary on the request of such Beneficiary subject as provided herein. This 
indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations in this 
Deed of Guarantee, gives rise to a separate and independent cause of action and will apply 
irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Beneficiary. 
7. 
STATUS OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
This Deed of Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of each Beneficiary from 
time to time and for the time being, each of which shall be entitled severally to enforce this 
Deed of Guarantee against the Guarantor. The payment obligations of the Guarantor under this 
Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may 
be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
8. 
SETTLEMENT CONDITIONAL 
Any settlement or discharge between the Guarantor and the Beneficiaries or any of them shall 
be conditional upon no payment to the Beneficiaries or any of them by the Guarantor or any 
other person on the Guarantor's behalf being avoided or reduced by virtue of any laws relating 
to bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or similar laws of general application for the time being 
in force and, in the event of any such payment being so avoided or reduced, the Beneficiaries 
shall be entitled to recover the amount by which such payment is so avoided or reduced from 
the Guarantor subsequently as if such settlement or discharge had not occurred PROVIDED 
THAT such recovery is not contrary to any law applicable thereto. 
9. 
NO PRIOR ACTION REQUIRED 
No Beneficiary shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers or remedies 
conferred upon it by this Deed of Guarantee or by law: 
(a) 
to make any demand of CGMFL; 
(b) 
to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against CGMFL; or 
(c) 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding-up or dissolution of CGMFL, 
and the Guarantor hereby expressly waives presentment, demand, protest and notice of 
dishonour in respect of each Liability. 
10. 
POSTPONEMENT OF GUARANTOR'S RIGHTS 
The Guarantor agrees that, so long as any sums and or amounts are or may be owed by CGMFL 
under or in respect of the Liabilities or CGMFL is under any other actual or contingent

--- Page 240 ---
FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
214 
 
 
obligation thereunder or in respect thereof, the Guarantor will not exercise any right which the 
Guarantor may at any time have by reason of the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations 
hereunder: 
(a) 
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of CGMFL's obligations under or 
in respect of the Liabilities; 
(b) 
to take the benefit (in whole or in part) of any security enjoyed in connection with the 
Liabilities by any Beneficiary; or 
(c) 
to be subrogated to the rights of any Beneficiary against CGMFL in respect of amounts 
paid by the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee. 
11. 
TAXATION 
All payments by the Guarantor under or in connection with this Deed of Guarantee shall be 
made free and clear of and without deduction for or on account of all Taxes. All Taxes in respect 
of this Deed of Guarantee and payments thereunder shall be for the account of and shall be paid 
by the Guarantor for its own account prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto. If the 
Guarantor is compelled by law to make payment subject to any Tax and a Beneficiary does not 
actually receive for its own benefit on the due date the full amount provided for hereunder, the 
Guarantor will pay all necessary additional amounts to ensure receipt by the Beneficiary of the 
full amount so provided for. The Guarantor will indemnify each Beneficiary in respect of all 
such Taxes. 
12. 
POWER TO EXECUTE 
The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Beneficiary that it has all 
corporate power, and that it has taken all necessary corporate or other steps, to enable it to 
execute, deliver and perform this Deed of Guarantee, and that this Deed of Guarantee constitutes 
a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor in accordance with its terms. 
13. 
NO SET-OFF OR COUNTERCLAIM 
All payments to be made by the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee will be calculated and 
be made without (and free and clear of any deduction for) set-off or counterclaim. 
14. 
PRODUCTION OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Beneficiary to the production of, and the 
right of every Beneficiary to obtain (upon payment of a reasonable charge) a copy of, this Deed 
of Guarantee, and further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it 
contained herein are owed to, and shall be for the account of, each and every Beneficiary, and 
that each Beneficiary shall be entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the 
Guarantor. 
15. 
STAMP DUTIES 
The Guarantor shall pay all stamp, registration and other taxes and duties (including any interest 
and penalties thereon or in connection therewith) which are payable upon or in connection with 
the execution and delivery of this Deed of Guarantee, and shall indemnify each Beneficiary 
against any claim, demand, action, liability, damages, cost, loss or expense (including, without 
limitation, legal fees and any applicable value added tax) which it incurs as a result or arising 
out of or in relation to any failure to pay or delay in paying any of the same. 
16. 
PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
If at any time any provision thereof is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining

--- Page 241 ---
FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
215 
 
provisions hereof nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the laws of 
any other jurisdiction shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
17. 
NOTICES 
All notices, demands and other communications to the Guarantor hereunder shall be made in 
writing (by letter) and shall be sent to the Guarantor at: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, El4 5LB 
England 
Attention: 
Company Secretary 
or to such other address or for the attention of such other person or department as the Guarantor 
has notified to the Beneficiaries. 
Every notice, demand or other communication sent in accordance with this Clause 17 shall be 
effective upon receipt by the Guarantor PROVIDED THAT any such notice, demand or other 
communication which would otherwise take effect on a day which is not a business day in the 
place of the Guarantor or after 4.00 p.m. on any particular day shall not take effect until 10.00 
a.m. on the immediately succeeding business day in the place of the Guarantor. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW 
This Deed of Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
this Deed of Guarantee are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law. 
19. 
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Deed of Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any 
person which exists or is available apart from that Act.  
20. 
JURISDICTION 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute including a dispute relating 
to non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this Deed of Guarantee. 
IN WITNESS whereof the Guarantor has caused this Deed of Guarantee to be duly executed on the day 
and year first above mentioned. 
Executed as a deed 
by CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
LIMITED 
acting by 
 
) 
) 
) 
acting under the authority of that 
company, in the presence of: 
 
Witness's Signature: 
 
Name: 
 
Address:

--- Page 242 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CITIGROUP INC. 
216 
 
 
SECTION F.6 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CITIGROUP INC. 
CITIGROUP INC. 2023 FORM 10-K 
The Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K contains certain alternative performance measures ("APMs"). For 
further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the 
nearest equivalent U.S. GAAP measures, please see references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in 
the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-
K Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation 
and 
Comparatives 
to 
Previous 
Reporting Periods 
Results of Operations 
excluding the impact of 
gains (losses) on loan 
hedges 
Citi's results of operations excluding 
the impact of gains (losses) on loan 
hedges 
are 
non-GAAP 
financial 
measures. 
Citi 
believes 
the 
presentation of its results of operations 
excluding the impact of gains (losses) 
on hedges of accrual loans provides a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 20, 21 and 22 
Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital ratio 
Citi's Basel III capital ratios and 
related components, on a fully 
implemented basis, are non-GAAP 
financial measures. Citi believes these 
ratios and the related components 
provide 
useful 
information 
to 
investors and others by measuring 
Citi's 
progress 
against 
future 
regulatory capital standards.  
Pages 36 
Supplementary Leverage 
Ratio 
Citi's Basel III capital ratios and 
related components, on a fully 
implemented basis, are non-GAAP 
financial measures. Citi believes these 
ratios and the related components 
provide 
useful 
information 
to 
investors and others by measuring 
Citi's 
progress 
against 
future 
regulatory capital standards.  
Pages 11, 32, 33, 35, 42, 43, 44, 
45, 49, 238 
Tangible 
Common 
Equity 
(TCE) 
and 
Tangible Book Value per 
Share (TBVPS) 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide alternative measures of capital 
strength and performance and are 
commonly used by investors and 
industry analysts. 
Pages 11 and 47

--- Page 243 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CITIGROUP INC. 
217 
 
Citigroup's 
return 
on 
average tangible common 
equity (RoTCE) 
Citi's return on average tangible 
common equity (RoTCE) is a non-
GAAP 
financial 
measure. 
Citi 
believes the presentation of its return 
on average tangible common equity 
(RoTCE) provides a meaningful 
depiction 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its broader results for 
investors, industry analysts and others. 
Pages 11 and 47 
Taxable equivalent basis 
Citi's taxable equivalent basis is a non-
GAAP 
financial 
measure. 
Citi 
believes the presentation of its taxable 
equivalent basis provides a more 
meaningful depiction for investors of 
the underlying fundamentals of its 
business. 
Pages 107, 108, 110 and 111 
Non-Markets Net Interest 
Income  
Non-Markets Net Interest Income is a 
non-GAAP financial measures. Citi 
believes the presentation of Non-
Markets Net Interest Income provides 
a 
meaningful 
depiction 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals 
of 
its 
broader results for investors, industry 
analysts and others. 
Page 108 
Certain of the results of 
operations of All Other 
(Managed 
Basis) 
and 
Legacy 
Franchises 
(Managed Basis) 
Results on a managed basis, exclude 
divestiture-related impacts related to 
Citi's sales of its Asia consumer 
banking businesses and the divestiture 
of Mexico consumer banking, small 
business and middle markets within 
Legacy Franchises. 
Page 12, 27, 28, 84 and 131 
Results of operations that 
exclude the impact of FX 
translation 
Results of operations that exclude the 
impact of FX translation are non-
GAAP 
financial 
measures. 
Citi 
believes the presentation of its results 
of operations and financial condition 
excluding 
the 
impact 
of 
FX 
transaction provides a meaningful 
depiction 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its broader results for 
investors, industry analysts and others. 
Page 88, 106, 175, 229 and 234

--- Page 244 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CITIGROUP INC. 
218 
 
 
Results of operations and 
financial condition 
excluding the impact of 
notable items and 
divestiture-related 
impacts 
Results for 2023 included several 
notable 
items 
impacting 
pretax 
revenues, expenses and cost of credit: 
• 
Approximately $1.9 billion 
of 
aggregate 
translation 
losses in revenues due to 
devaluations of the Argentine 
peso 
• 
Approximately $1.9 billion 
in aggregate reserve builds 
related 
to 
increases 
in 
transfer risk associated with 
exposures in Russia and 
Argentina, driven by safety 
and soundness considerations 
under U.S. banking law 
• 
An approximate $1.7 billion 
charge to operating expenses 
related to the FDIC special 
assessment in the fourth 
quarter 
• 
Approximately $780 million 
of restructuring charges in 
the fourth quarter, recorded 
in operating expenses in 
Corporate/Other within All 
Other 
(managed 
basis), 
related to actions taken as 
part of Citi's organizational 
simplification initiatives. 
Results of operations and financial 
condition excluding the notable items 
and divestiture-related impacts are 
non-GAAP financial measures. Citi 
believes the presentation of its results 
of operations and financial condition 
excluding the impacts of these notable 
items and divestiture-related impacts 
provides a meaningful depiction of the 
underlying 
fundamentals 
of 
its 
broader results for investors, industry 
analysts and others. 
Pages 6- and 7

--- Page 245 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CGMFL GUARANTOR 
219 
 
SECTION F.7 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CGMFL GUARANTOR  
CGMFL GUARANTOR 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGML 2022 Annual Report contains several 
alternative performance measures ("APMs"). For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) 
the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (v) comparatives and 
reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see the table below: 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis 
of 
calculation 
(including 
any 
assumptions) 
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation of 
why 
use 
of 
APM provides 
useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGML 2022 Annual Report: 
Other 
Income 
and 
Expenses 
(contained 
in 
the 
Strategic 
Report) 
"Net finance 
income 
on 
pension" and 
"Other 
Income" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement 
"Other 
Income" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement 
"Other Income" 
in the Income 
Statement 
Acts 
as 
a 
subtotal/summar
y 
Other 
Income 
and 
Expenses 
was presented in 
the 
Strategic 
Report in the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 2021 
Annual Report 
and 
was 
calculated in the 
same manner

--- Page 246 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CGMFL GUARANTOR  
220 
 
 
 
CGMFL GUARANTOR 2023 ANNUAL REPORT 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGML 2023 Annual Report contains several 
alternative performance measures ("APMs"). For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) 
the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (v) comparatives and 
reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see the table below: 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis 
of 
calculation 
(including 
any 
assumptions) 
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of why use of 
APM 
provides 
useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGML 2023 Annual Report: 
Other 
Income and 
Expenses 
(contained in 
the Strategic 
Report) 
for 
the 
period 
ended 
31 
December 
2023 
"Net finance 
income 
on 
pension" and 
"Other 
Income" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement for 
the 
period 
ended 
31 
December 
2023 
"Net finance 
income 
on 
pension" and 
"Other 
Income" in the 
Income 
Statement for 
the 
period 
ended 
31 
December 
2023 
"Net 
finance 
income 
on 
pension" 
and 
"Other 
Income" in the 
Income 
Statement 
Acts 
as 
a 
subtotal 
/ 
summary 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
was presented 
in the Strategic 
Report in the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 
2022 
Annual 
Report and was 
calculated 
in 
the 
same 
manner

--- Page 247 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CGMFL GUARANTOR 
221 
 
CGMFL GUARANTOR 2024 INTERIM REPORT 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGML 2024 Interim Report contains several 
alternative performance measures ("APMs"). For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) 
the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (v) comparatives and 
reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see the table below: 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis 
of 
calculation 
(including 
any 
assumptions) 
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of why use of 
APM 
provides 
useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGML 2024 Interim Report: 
Other 
Income and 
Expenses 
(contained in 
the 
Interim 
Management 
Report) 
for 
the 
period 
ended 
30 
June 2024 
"Net finance 
income 
on 
pension" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement for 
the 
period 
ended 30 June 
2024 
"Net finance 
income 
on 
pension" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement for 
the 
period 
ended 30 June 
2024 
"Net 
finance 
income 
on 
pension" in the 
Income 
Statement 
Acts 
as 
a 
subtotal 
/ 
summary 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
was presented 
in the Strategic 
Report in the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 
2024 
Interim 
Report and was 
calculated 
in 
the 
same 
manner

--- Page 248 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE SECURITIES 
222 
 
 
SECTION G - GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
SECURITIES

--- Page 249 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
223 
 
 
SECTION G.1 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
1. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities (other than 
Exempt Securities) to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on the NASDAQ Stockholm AB and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the NASDAQ Stockholm AB. 
Application may be made for Securities issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading (i) on the MOT and/or (ii) on EuroTLX, Bond-X Segment, or any 
other relevant market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
Application may be made for the Securities issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to trading on the SeDeX and/or (ii) on EuroTLX, Cert-X Segment,  or any other 
relevant market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.. 
Application may be made for the Securities to be listed on the official list of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG). 
Application may be made for the Securities to be listed on the regulated market of Euronext 
Paris. 
Application may be made for the Securities to be listed on the AIAF Market and admitted to 
trading on the Spanish Stock Exchange. 
Notwithstanding the above, there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior 
to the date of issue of any Securities or at all. Each of the above stock exchanges is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
2. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Exempt Securities to be 
admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Euro 
MTF Market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange has approved this Base Prospectus in relation 
to the Exempt Securities to be listed on the Euro MTF Market. The Euro MTF Market is not a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on Euronext Dublin's Global Exchange Market.  
Application has been made to the London Stock Exchange for Securities to be admitted to 
trading on the ISM. 
Application may be made for Securities issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading on EuroTLX, Bond-X Segment, or any other relevant market 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.. 
Application may be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed and/or admitted 
to trading (i) on the SeDeX and/or (ii) on EuroTLX – Cert X or any other relevant market 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
Application may be made for the Securities to be listed to the official list and admitted to trading 
on the Frankfurt Freiverkehr. 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the Vienna MTF.

--- Page 250 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
224 
 
 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on NASDAQ Stockholm AB and admitted 
to trading on the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF. 
Application may be made for Securities to be admitted to trading on SPECTRUM.  
Notwithstanding the above, there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior 
to the date of issue of any Securities or at all. None of the above stock exchanges or markets is 
a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
3. 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an issue of Securities may or may not be listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on the stock exchanges or markets listed in paragraphs 
1 and 2 above and/or any other stock exchange or market as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
4. 
Securities have been accepted for clearance and settlement through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium, the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 
10041, United States.  
The Issuer may make an application for any Securities issued by it in registered form to be 
accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The Common Code or CUSIP, as applicable 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Tranche of Securities will 
be set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
5. 
The Issuer may make an application for clearance of Securities through Euroclear Sweden, 
Euroclear Finland and Euroclear France. The address of Euroclear Sweden is Euroclear Sweden 
AB, Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, the address of Euroclear Finland is Euroclear Finland 
Ltd., Visiting Address, Urho Kekkosen katu 5C, PO Box 1110 00101 Helsinki, Finland and the 
address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris.  
6. 
None of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor will provide any post-
issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
7. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of each of the Issuers is as follows: 
Citigroup Inc.: 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.: 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.: 549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53 
8. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of each of the Guarantors is as follows: 
Citigroup Inc. (as the CGMHI Guarantor in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates): 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (as the CGMFL Guarantor): XKZZ2JZF41MRHTR1V493 
9. 
Information relating to the past and future performance and volatility of any relevant Underlying 
is available from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed sources, 
including the relevant Electronic Page specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement in the case of Securities admitted to trading on the Euro MTF or the Global 
Exchange Market. 
10. 
Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Securities or CMS Rate 
Securities is available from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed 
sources, including the relevant Electronic Page, Page or, as the case may be, page referred to in 
the applicable Floating Rate Option, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement in the case of Securities admitted to trading on the Euro MTF or the Global 
Exchange Market.

--- Page 251 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
225 
 
11. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Securities or Fixed Rate Warrants, an indication of the 
yield in respect of such Securities will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is 
calculated at the Issue Date of the Securities on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield 
indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Securities and 
will not be an indication of future yield.

--- Page 252 ---
ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
226 
 
 
SECTION G.2 – ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
Securities will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a "Series"). The Securities of each Series 
are intended to be interchangeable with all other Securities of that Series. 
Each Series of Securities may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") having different issue dates but 
the terms otherwise identical to other Tranches constituting such series (or identical other than in respect 
of the first payment of interest). 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Fungible issues of Non-Exempt Securities for which the terms and conditions are set out in a 
Previous Base Prospectus 
In respect of Securities where the first tranche of an issue of Securities which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date (an "Original Base Prospectus") and the terms and 
conditions and the form of Final Terms from such Original Base Prospectus are incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus, such Securities will be documented using the form of Final Terms from the 
Original Base Prospectus (the "Original form of Issue Terms"), save that the initial paragraphs (up to 
and including the paragraph containing the definition of "Base Prospectus") under the heading "PART A 
– CONTRACTUAL TERMS" of the Original form of Final Terms shall be deleted and replaced with the 
wording set out below, as completed for the particular issue of Securities: 
"Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth [under the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, each relevant Schedule)] in the Original Base Prospectus [as supplemented 
by the Supplement[s] to the Original Base Prospectus].  
[[This Final Terms does not constitute final terms of the offer within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and has not been deposited with the CSSF.] The Final Terms [will be] and 
[the Current Base Prospectus [as supplemented] and] the Original Base Prospectus [as supplemented] 
[has][have] been filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to 
Article 64(5) of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act ("FinSA")][FinSA] for the purposes of an 
offer of the Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms 
and [the Current Base Prospectus [as supplemented] and] the Original Base Prospectus [as 
supplemented].]5 / [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the [Securities/Warrants] described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.]6 This Final Terms must be read 
in conjunction with the Current Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save 
in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus [as supplemented by 
the Supplement[s] to the Original Base Prospectus] [and are incorporated by reference into the Current 
Base Prospectus]. Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]7 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]8 
and the offer of the [Securities/Warrants] is only available on the basis of the combination of this Final 
Terms and the Original Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Original Base Prospectus] and the 
Current Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus] [and any further 
supplements to the Current Base Prospectus up to, and including, [the later of] [the close of the offer 
period] [and] [the date of admission to trading of the [Securities/Warrants]]]. 
The Original Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Original Base Prospectus] [is/are] available 
for viewing at the offices of the [Paying Agents/Warrant Agents [and the Dealers]] and on [the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]. The Current 
Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus [and the translation of the 
Summary into [insert language required by any relevant Public Offer Jurisdictions]]] [is/are] available 
for viewing at the offices of the [Paying Agents/Warrant Agents and on [the website of the Luxembourg 
 
5 Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities is or will be (as applicable) filed and deposited with a review 
body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
6 Include where the Final Terms are deposited with the CSSF. 
7 Include where the Securities are Notes or Certificates and the Issuer is CGMHI. 
8 Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 253 ---
ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
227 
 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on the website of the [⚫] at [⚫]]. [In addition, this Final Terms 
is available [[on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on the website 
of [⚫] at [⚫]]] [and] [⚫] [insert method of publication required in any relevant Public Offer 
Jurisdiction(s)].] (N.B. Consideration should be given as to how the Final Terms will be published in the 
event that the Securities are not listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange but are publicly offered)  
[Use this paragraph if the first Tranche of Securities was issued under the December 2023 ULN Base 
Prospectus: For the purposes hereof, "Original Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup 
Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 15 
December 2023, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.1) dated 30 January 2024 ("Supplement to the 
Original Base Prospectus No.1"), a Supplement (No.2) dated 13 March 2024 (the "Supplement to the 
Original Base Prospectus No.2"), a Supplement (No.3) dated 30 April 2024 (the "Supplement to the 
Original Base Prospectus No.3"), a Supplement (No.5) dated 30 July 2024 (the "Supplement to the 
Original Base Prospectus No.5") and a Supplement (No.6) dated 21 August 2024 (the "Supplement to 
the Original Base Prospectus No.6" and, together with Supplement to the Original Base Prospectus 
No.1, Supplement to the Original Base Prospectus No.2, Supplement to the Original Base Prospectus 
No.3 and Supplement to the Original Base Prospectus No.5, the "Supplements to the Original Base 
Prospectus")] 
[Use this paragraph if the first Tranche of Securities was issued under the July 2024 Rate Base 
Prospectus: For the purposes hereof, "Original Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup 
Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 5 July 2024, as 
supplemented by a Supplement (No.1) dated 30 July 2024 ("Supplement to the Original Base 
Prospectus No.1") and a Supplement (No.2) dated 21 August 2024 ("Supplement to the Original Base 
Prospectus No.2" and, together with Supplement No.1, the "Supplements to the Original Base 
Prospectus").] 
[Use this paragraph if the first Tranche of Securities was issued under the December 2024 Warrant Base 
Prospectus: For the purposes hereof, "Original Base Prospectus"" means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] 
Warrant Base Prospectus relating to the Citi Warrant Programme dated 13 December 2023.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
"Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] GMI Base Prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 18 November 2024.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
"Current Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] GMI Base Prospectus relating 
to the Programme dated 18 November 2024, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] 
"Supplement [to the Current Base Prospectus]" [No.[⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] 
("Supplement [to the Current Base Prospectus]" No. [⚫] and, together with Supplement No.[⚫], the 
"Supplements to the Current Base Prospectus")].]]".

--- Page 254 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF SECURITIES WHICH ARE NOTES OR 
CERTIFICATES 
228 
 
 
SECTION G.3 – IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF SECURITIES 
WHICH ARE NOTES OR CERTIFICATES 
Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities which are Notes or Certificates 
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Securities in Member States  
Certain Tranches of Securities which are Notes or Certificates with a denomination of less than 
EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no 
exemption from the obligation under the EU Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such 
offer is referred to as a "Non-exempt Offer". This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that 
permits Non-exempt Offers of such Securities. However, any person making or intending to make a Non-
exempt Offer of Securities in any Member State of the EEA may only do so if this Base Prospectus has 
been approved by the competent authority in that Member State (or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State) and published in 
accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, PROVIDED THAT the Issuer has consented to the use 
of this Base Prospectus in connection with such offer as provided under "Consent given in accordance 
with Article 5(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)" and the conditions attached to that 
consent are complied with by the person making the Non-exempt Offer of such Securities. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the Dealers have 
authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any Non-exempt Offer of Securities in circumstances in 
which an obligation arises for the Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of such Securities, the Issuer and where applicable the Guarantor 
accept responsibility, in the jurisdictions to which the consent to use the Base Prospectus extends, for the 
content of this Base Prospectus under Article 11 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in relation to any 
person (an "Investor") who acquires any Securities in a Non-exempt Offer made by any person to whom 
the Issuer has given consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (an "Authorised Offeror") in that 
connection, PROVIDED THAT the conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the 
Authorised Offeror. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "EEA Consent" and 
"Common Conditions to EEA Consent" below.  
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and any Dealer makes any representation as to the 
compliance by an Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable 
regulatory or securities law requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where applicable) and any Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that 
Authorised Offeror.  
Save as provided below, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and any Dealer has 
authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented 
to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of 
Securities. Any Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and any Dealer accepts any responsibility or 
liability for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer.  
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Securities by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 11 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in the context of the 
Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely 
on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
EEA Consent 
The Issuer consents and (in connection with paragraph (b) below) offers to grant its consent to the use of 
this Base Prospectus in relation to any offer of Securities which are Notes or Certificates issued by it for 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus in relation to any offer as provided below. 
In the event this Base Prospectus is replaced by a base prospectus of the Issuer which is approved and 
published by the Issuer during the Offer Period relating to a Non-exempt Offer of Securities then the

--- Page 255 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF SECURITIES WHICH ARE NOTES OR 
CERTIFICATES 
229 
 
Issuer's consent shall end on the date on which amended and restated Final Terms for any such Non-
exempt Offer of Securities are published (the "Consent Period"). 
In connection with each Tranche of Securities and subject to the conditions set out below under 
"Common Conditions to EEA Consent": 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, 
if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates by the relevant Dealer and by: 
(i) 
any financial intermediary named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on the Issuer's website (www.citifirst.com) and identified as 
an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as 
"Applicable", the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates by any financial intermediary which satisfies the 
following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation implementing MiFID 
II; and 
(ii) 
it accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets completed with the relevant information): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant 
Securities] (the Securities) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) 
published by [Citigroup Inc./ Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./ Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.] (the Issuer). We hereby accept the offer by the Issuer 
of its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection 
with the offer of the Securities in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms and subject 
to the conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, and we are using 
the Base Prospectus accordingly." 
The "EEA Authorised Offeror Terms" are that the relevant financial intermediary will, and it 
agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer, (if applicable) the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-
exempt Offer comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common Conditions 
to EEA Consent" below and any further requirements relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Any financial intermediary who is an EEA Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (a) above who 
meets all of the conditions set out in (a) and the other conditions stated in "Common Conditions to EEA 
Consent" below and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is 
required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website the statement (duly 
completed) specified at paragraph (a)(ii) above. 
Common Conditions to EEA Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) above 
if Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if shorter, the 
Consent Period; 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant 
Tranche of Securities in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Cyprus, Denmark, 
Finland, The Netherlands, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg,

--- Page 256 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF SECURITIES WHICH ARE NOTES OR 
CERTIFICATES 
230 
 
 
Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain and/or Sweden, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and  
(iii) 
the consent is subject to any other conditions set out in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The only Member States of the EEA which may, in respect of any Tranche of Securities which are Notes 
or Certificates, be specified in the applicable Final Terms (if any Member States are so specified) as 
indicated in paragraph (ii) above, will be Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, 
Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, 
Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain and/or Sweden, and accordingly each Tranche of 
such Securities may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in Austria, Belgium, 
Bulgaria, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, 
Italy, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain and/or 
Sweden, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation for such 
offer. 
Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY SECURITIES WHICH 
ARE NOTES OR CERTIFICATES IN A NON-EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH SECURITIES TO AN 
INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS AND 
SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH 
ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER OR SALE OF THE SECURITIES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. 
THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH 
OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR WILL PROVIDE AND BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF 
THE ISSUER, (IF APPLICABLE) THE GUARANTOR AND ANY DEALER (EXCEPT WHERE 
SUCH 
DEALER 
IS 
THE 
RELEVANT 
AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR) 
HAS 
ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH 
INFORMATION. 
Securities with Offer Periods continuing beyond the validity of the 2023 CGMHI ULN Base 
Prospectus and the December 2023 CGMFL ULN Base Prospectus 
The Offer Period (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) of each of the Straddle Securities (as defined 
below) will end after the cessation of validity of (a) in respect of Securities to be issued by CGMHI, the 
2023 CGMHI ULN Base Prospectus (as defined in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Documents incorporated by reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus") or (b) in respect of Securities 
to be issued by CGMFL, the December 2023 CGMFL ULN Base Prospectus (as defined in the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled "Documents Incorporated by reference for the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus"), but from the date of this Base Prospectus, such Offer Periods will continue and, where 
applicable, any admission to trading of the Straddle Securities will take place, in each case, under this 
Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions of the Securities from the 2023 CGMHI ULN Base Prospectus 
or the December 2023 CGMFL ULN Base Prospectus or such other base prospectus as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms relating to the relevant issue of Straddle Securities (and, in each case, which 
are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) will continue to apply to the Straddle Securities. 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of the Straddle Securities are available from the website(s) 
specified therein. 
Investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for the Straddle Securities during the validity 
period of the 2023 CGMHI ULN Base Prospectus or the December2023 CGMFL ULN Base Prospectus 
and before this Base Prospectus was published, shall have a right, exercisable within two working days 
after the publication of this Base Prospectus ending on 20 November 2024, to withdraw their acceptances,

--- Page 257 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF SECURITIES WHICH ARE NOTES OR 
CERTIFICATES 
231 
 
unless the Straddle Securities have already been delivered to them. In order to exercise such withdrawal 
right, investors may contact the relevant Authorised Offeror.  
For the purposes hereof, "Straddle Securities" means each of the following: 
Name of the Straddle Securities issued 
by CGMHI 
ISIN 
Offer Period 
Start Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
Issue Date 
EUR 40,000,000 World Transition Avril 
2025 (A) Notes  
XS2913147596 
29 
October 
2024 
15 April 2025 
20 November 
2024 
EUR 40,000,000 World Change Avril 
2025 (A) Notes 
FR001400TW88 
30 
October 
2024 
15 April 2025 
20 November 
2024 
EUR 30,000,000 Autocallable Bonus 
Note Linked to an Index 
XS2913122508 
01 November 
2024 
20 December 
2024 
25 November 
2024 
EUR 30,000,00 Autocallable Bonus 
Note Linked to an Index 
XS2913112293 
05 November 
2024 
14 
February 
2025 
27 November 
2024 
EUR 30,000,00 Autocallable Bonus 
Note Linked to an Index 
XS2913113267 
06 November 
2024 
30 April 2025 
29 November 
2024 
Performance Oil and Gas Decrement 
Janvier 2025 GL 
XS2936094031 
12 November 
2024 
15 
January 
2025 
04 December 
2024 
Performance Oil and Gas Decrement 
Janvier 2025 A 
XS2936094205 
12 November 
2024 
15 
January 
2025 
04 December 
2024 
EUR 5,300,000 Autocallable Bonus 
Note Linked to an Index 
FR001400SP54 
10/09/2024 
15 
January 
2025 
15 
January 
2025 
EUR 30,000,00 Autocallable Bonus 
Note Linked to an Index 
XS2913146606 
23 
October 
2024 
21 
January 
2025 
21 
January 
2025 
EUR 30,000,000 Snowballing Autocall 
Notes 
linked 
to 
the 
Morningstar 
Developed Europe Energy Select 10 
Capped Decrement 50 Point GR EUR, 
due January 2035 
XS2913125865 
28 
October 
2024 
21 
January 
2025 
14 November 
2024 
EUR 30,000,000 Snowballing Autocall 
Notes 
linked 
to 
the 
Morningstar 
Eurozone 
Multi-Sector 
Select 
20 
Decrement 50 Point GR EUR, due 
February 2037 
FR001400TSP9 
25 
October 
2024 
31 
January 
2025 
18 November 
2024 
EUR 30,000,000 Autocall Escalier 
Multi Secteur Janvier 2025 
XS2913134263 
28 
October 
2024 
20 
January 
2025 
19 November 
2024 
EUR 30,000,000 Autocall Escalier 
Bancaire Février 2025 
XS2913134008 
28 
October 
2024 
28 
February 
2025 
19 November 
2024 
Autocall Dégressif Energie Dividende 
Forfaitaire Janvier 2025 
XS2913129347 
29 
October 
2024 
31 
January 
2025 
20 November 
2024 
World Change Avril 2025 (B) 
XS2913131244 
29 
October 
2024 
15 April 2025 
20 November 
2024 
 
Name of the Straddle Securities issued 
by CGMFL 
ISIN 
Offer Period 
Start Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
Issue Date 
EUR 30,000,000 Autocallable Bonus 
Note Linked to an Index 
FR001400TYA9 
31 
October 
2024 
14 
February 
2025 
22 November 
2024

--- Page 258 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF SECURITIES WHICH ARE NOTES OR 
CERTIFICATES 
232 
 
 
Name of the Straddle Securities issued 
by CGMFL 
ISIN 
Offer Period 
Start Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
Issue Date 
EUR 30,000,00 Autocallable Bonus 
Note Linked to an Index 
XS2916899656 
05 November 
2024 
28 
February 
2025 
27 November 
2024 
EUR 30,000,000 Phoenix Mémoire 
Credit 
Agricole 
Decrement 
1.05 
Décembre 2024 TER 
XS2916893881 
06 November 
2024 
16 December 
2024 
29 November 
2024 
Phoenix 
Mémoire 
Escalier 
Scor 
Decrement 1.80 Mars 2025 
XS2916881449 
07 November 
2024 
31 
March 
2025 
02 December 
2024 
Phoenix 
Mémoire 
Escalier 
Scor 
Decrement 1.80 Janvier 2025 - Part B 
XS2916879203 
07 November 
2024 
10 
January 
2025 
02 December 
2024 
Autocallable Barrier Phoenix Note 
Linked to an Index 
XS2927736335 
12 November 
2024 
31 
January 
2025 
04 December 
2024 
EUR 10y Phoenix Autocallable Note 
FR001400TZ77 
04 November 
2024 
15 
February 
2025 
22 November 
2024 
Up to 5,000 Quanto Snowballing 
Autocall Certificates linked to a Basket 
of Shares, due January 2030 
SE0023287271 
15 November 
2024 
30 December 
2024 
28 
January 
2025 
EUR 124 Months Callable Zero Rate 
Note 
FR001400TZ69 
22 November 
2024 
15 
March 
2025 
22 November 
2024 
Athena ASML Janvier 2025 
FR001400TVX7 
21 November 
2024 
31 
January 
2025 
21 November 
2024 
EUR 6,800,000 Autocallable Protected 
Bonus Note Linked to an Index 
XS2916891166 
20 November 
2024 
20 December 
2024 
30 December 
2024 
PLN 25,000,000 Obligacja w PLN 
powiązana z akcjami NVIDIA Corp. 
XS2916881365 
02/12/2024 
20 December 
2024 
02 
January 
2025 
EUR 
30,000,000 
Memory 
Coupon 
Barrier Autocall Notes linked to the 
iSTOXX EN GR Decrement 1.70 Price 
EUR due July 2035 
XS2916952307 
24 
October 
2024 
30 June 2025 
14 November 
2024 
EUR 4,000,000 Memory Coupon Barrier 
Autocall Notes linked to the iSTOXX 
Single Stock on Credit Agricole GR 
Decrement 
1.05 
Price 
EUR 
due 
December 2036 
XS2916958411 
25 
October 
2024 
16 December 
2024 
15 November 
2024 
World Change Avril 2025 (S) 
FR001400TUP5 
29 
October 
2024 
15 April 2025 
20 November 
2024 
EUR 130,000,000 Snowballing Autocall 
Notes linked to a Basket of Shares, due 
January 2035 
FR001400T233 
25 
October 
2024 
17 
January 
2025 
25 
October 
2024 
EUR 30,000,000 Snowballing Autocall 
Notes 
linked 
to 
the 
Morningstar 
Eurozone 
Multi-Sector 
Select 
20 
Decrement 50 Point GR EUR, due 
March 2035 
FR001400T9Y3 
28 
October 
2024 
28 
February 
2025 
28 
October 
2024 
Investors in Straddle Securities should note that the disclosure set out in Section F.4 (Form of the 
Securities) and the paragraphs headed "Transfer Restrictions" and "United States of America" in Section 
F.7 (Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions) of the 2023 CGMHI ULN Base 
Prospectus or the December 2023 CGMFL ULN Base Prospectus, as applicable, in each case as

--- Page 259 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF SECURITIES WHICH ARE NOTES OR 
CERTIFICATES 
233 
 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, shall continue to apply to such Straddle Securities 
instead of the disclosure set out in Section G.5 (Form of the Securities) and the paragraph headed "United 
States" in Section G.8 (Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions) of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Non-exempt Offers of Securities which are Notes or Certificates started under an Original Base 
Prospectus 
In respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates, where a Non-exempt Offer started under a base 
prospectus with an earlier date (an "Original Base Prospectus") and this Base Prospectus was published 
during or after the offer period but prior to the issue date or the end of the offer period in respect of the 
relevant Securities and the terms and conditions and the form of Final Terms from such Original Base 
Prospectus are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, such Securities will be documented 
using the pro forma final terms from the Original Base Prospectus (the "Original Form of Final 
Terms"), save that the initial paragraphs (up to and including the paragraph containing the definition of 
"Base Prospectus") under the heading "PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS" of the Original Form of 
Final Terms shall be deleted and replaced with the wording set out below, as completed for the particular 
issue of Securities: 
"Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth under the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, each relevant Schedule) in the Original Base Prospectus [as supplemented by 
the Supplement[s] to the Original Base Prospectus].  
[[This Final Terms does not constitute final terms of the offer within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and has not been deposited with the CSSF.] The Final Terms [will be] and 
[the Current Base Prospectus [as supplemented] and] the Original Base Prospectus [as supplemented] 
[has][have] been filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to 
Article 64(5) of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act ("FinSA")][FinSA] for the purposes of an 
offer of the Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms 
and [the Current Base Prospectus [as supplemented] and] the Original Base Prospectus [as 
supplemented].]9 / [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 10  This Final Terms must be read in 
conjunction with the Current Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save 
in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus [as supplemented by 
the Supplement[s] to the Original Base Prospectus] [and are incorporated by reference into the Current 
Base Prospectus]. Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]11 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]12 
and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and 
the Original Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Original Base Prospectus] and the Current 
Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus] [and any further supplements 
to the Current Base Prospectus up to, and including, [the later of] [the close of the offer period] [and] 
[the date of admission to trading of the Securities]]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at the 
offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] 
[and on the website of [⚫] at [⚫]. The Original Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Original 
Base Prospectus [and the translation of the Summary into [insert language required by any relevant 
Public Offer Jurisdictions]]] [is/are] available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and on [the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on the website of the [⚫] at [⚫]]. 
[In addition, this Final Terms is available [[on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com)] [and on the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]] [and] [⚫] [insert method of publication required 
in any relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)].] (N.B. Consideration should be given as to how the Final 
 
9 Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities is or will be (as applicable) filed and deposited with a review 
body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
10 Include where the Final Terms are deposited with the CSSF. 
11 Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
12 Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 260 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF SECURITIES WHICH ARE NOTES OR 
CERTIFICATES 
234 
 
 
Terms will be published in the event that the Securities are not listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
but are publicly offered)  
[Use this paragraph if the first Tranche of Securities was issued under the December 2023 ULN Base 
Prospectus: For the purposes hereof, "Original Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup 
Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 15 
December 2023, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.1) dated 30 January 2024 ("Supplement to the 
Original Base Prospectus No.1"), a Supplement (No.2) dated 13 March 2024 (the "Supplement to the 
Original Base Prospectus No.2"), a Supplement (No.3) dated 30 April 2024 (the "Supplement to the 
Original Base Prospectus No.3"), a Supplement (No.5) dated 30 July 2024 (the "Supplement to the 
Original Base Prospectus No.5") and a Supplement (No.6) dated 21 August 2024 (the "Supplement to 
the Original Base Prospectus No.6" and, together with Supplement to the Original Base Prospectus 
No.1, Supplement to the Original Base Prospectus No.2, Supplement to the Original Base Prospectus 
No.3 and Supplement to the Original Base Prospectus No.5, the "Supplements to the Original Base 
Prospectus")] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
"Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] GMI Base Prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 18 November 2024.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
"Current Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] GMI Base Prospectus relating 
to the Programme dated 18 November 2024, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] 
"Supplement [to the Current Base Prospectus] [No.[⚫]"]) [and a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] 
("Supplement [to the Current Base Prospectus] No. [⚫]" and, together with Supplement No.[⚫], the 
"Supplements to the Current Base Prospectus")].]]".

--- Page 261 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
235 
 
SECTION G.4 – DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
SECURITIES WHICH ARE NOTES OR CERTIFICATES 
This Section relates only to Securities which are Notes or Certificates. 
The Securities which are Notes or Certificates may be Securities which do not bear interest, interest 
bearing securities, securities which pay a fixed amount on redemption, and/or securities whose return (in 
respect to any interest payable on such securities and/or the redemption amount payable in respect of 
such Securities) is linked to one or more Underlyings. This section provides information in respect of 
certain product features and/or characteristics which may have an effect on the return on the Securities. 
Investors should note that the product features and/or characteristics and their effect on the return on the 
Securities as described in this Section are not intended to be exhaustive. Investors should also read the 
risk factors set out in Section B above and the Conditions. 
General 
Interest 
The Securities may or may not be expressed to bear interest in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the 
Securities are expressed to bear interest, then amounts in respect of interest due under the Securities will 
be determined by reference to the applicable fixed rate, floating rate, CMS rate, forward rate, inflation 
rate, variable rate or performance amount rate (determined by reference to the relevant Underlying(s)) 
but, unless the applicable Issue Terms specify that the provisions relating to Interest Barrier Events are 
applicable, whether interest is due or not shall not otherwise be determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant rate(s), inflation index or Underlying(s).  
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the provisions relating to Interest Barrier Events are 
applicable, then whether interest is due or not may be determined by reference to the performance of the 
relevant Underlying(s). The applicable Issue Terms may specify that, if an Interest Barrier Event does 
not occur in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date, then no amount in respect of interest shall be 
paid on that Interest Payment Date.  
The amount of interest due (if any) may be determined by reference to a formula and the performance of 
any applicable inflation rate, floating rate, CMS rate, forward rate, inflation rate, variable rate or the 
relevant Underlying(s). Depending on such factors, it is possible that no amount in respect of interest 
shall be paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date. You should review the Conditions to determine 
which provisions and features apply to the relevant Securities. 
If the Interest Barrier Event provisions are applicable and, in accordance with their terms, interest is to 
be calculated in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date, the amount of interest due on such Interest 
Payment Date will also be determined by reference to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s) if 
Interim Performance Interest Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
otherwise, the amount of interest due on such Interest Payment Date will be an amount determined by 
reference to the applicable fixed rate or amount, floating rate, CMS rate or inflation rate provisions set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In addition to the features described under "Barrier Events" below, an Interest Barrier Event will occur 
(a) if "Interest Barrier Event Lock-In" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if the 
relevant interest lock-in condition has been satisfied in respect of a prior Interest Payment Date (such 
that, once the relevant Interest Lock-in Level has been satisfied in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
then an Interest Barrier Event will occur in respect of each subsequent Interest Payment Date); and (b) if 
"Multi-Chance Provisions" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, only if an Interest 
Barrier Event has occurred in respect of a specified minimum number of relevant Underlying(s) and in 
such circumstances the amount of interest due may then depend on the exact number of relevant 
Underlying(s) above such minimum number in respect of which an Interest Barrier Event has occurred 
for such Interest Payment Date; and (c) if "Range Accrual" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, on each range accrual observation date during the relevant interest period and the amount 
of interest due will accrue in respect of each such date on which an Interest Barrier Event occurs; if an 
Interest Barrier Event occurs on no date during the relevant interest period, then no amount in respect of 
interest shall be due.

--- Page 262 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
236 
 
 
If the Securities are specified as "Buy the Dip Securities" in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of 
interest due on such Interest Payment Date will be determined by reference to the performance of the 
relevant Underlying(s) as well as a fixed rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Securities may, in addition to any amounts in respect of interest due as described above pay a Non-
Contingent Interest Amount on each Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date, but only if the Non-
Contingent Interest Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If you invest in Securities to which an Interest Barrier Event applies, you should be aware that you may 
not receive any amount in respect of interest during the term of the Securities. 
Specific features of Variable Rate Securities 
• 
Caps, floors, collars and participation rates or multipliers 
Certain formulae for determining interest under the Securities may be subject to one or a 
combination of the following features: 
• 
a maximum amount (a cap) 
• 
a minimum amount (a floor)  
• 
a maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) 
• 
one or more participation rates or multipliers 
In such circumstances, the relevant calculation will not be made only by reference to the 
performance of the relevant rate(s), inflation index(ices) and/or Underlying(s) and the 
application of such features may result in the calculation being subject to a minimum and/or 
maximum amount or otherwise increasing or decreasing the amount that would otherwise have 
been calculated had no such feature(s) been applicable. 
The value of or movements in the value of the relevant rate, inflation index or Underlying will 
be magnified where a participation rate or multiplier applies and may therefore result in greater 
increases or decreases in the amount of interest payable than if no participation rate applied. 
• 
Absolute value: 
Certain formulae for determining amounts due under the Securities may make reference to an 
"absolute value", meaning that the relevant calculation, if resulting in a negative number, will 
be determined as if it were a positive number. 
• 
FX performance: 
An "FX performance" feature may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due 
under the Securities, meaning that the formulae shall be adjusted to take into account the 
performance or change in value of a specified FX rate from a specified initial valuation date to 
a specified final valuation date. In such case, amounts due in respect of the Securities will also 
be linked to the performance of the relevant exchange rate and negative performance of such 
exchange rate could negate any positive performance of relevant rate(s) or applicable 
Underlying(s). 
• 
Reserve Coupon 
A "reserve coupon" feature may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under 
the Notes, meaning that, subject as provided in the Conditions, 
- 
if Reserve Option is specified to be Option 1 in the applicable Issue Terms, interest 
amounts which are greater than the reserve coupon rate being capped and the excess 
amounts being applied to "top up" later interest amounts up to a maximum of the 
reserve coupon rate. The reserve coupon rate for the final interest period shall then be 
applied to either increase (where the total reserve coupon is a positive number) or

--- Page 263 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
237 
 
decrease (where the total reserve coupon is a negative number) the Redemption 
Amount of the Securities.; or 
- 
if Reserve Option is specified to be Option 2 in the applicable Issue Terms, the average 
amount by which an actual coupon rate is less than zero for each interest period within 
the specified initial reserve period shall be applied to reduce interest amounts payable 
during the remaining term of the Securities. In addition and if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the redemption amount may be increased or decreased by the 
sum of the redemption reserve amounts during the remaining reserve period; or 
- 
if Reserve Option is specified to be Option 3 in the applicable Issue Terms, interest 
rates for each interest period will be floored at the specified Floor and the amount by 
which such actual coupon rate is less than the Floor will be used to reduce the amount 
of any interest rate for future interest periods where the actual coupon rate is greater 
than the Floor. In addition, where the total reserve coupon for the final interest period 
is greater than zero, the total reserve coupon will be applied to reduce the Redemption 
Amount of the Securities (subject to the application of any floor applied to such 
Redemption Amount). 
• 
Auto Floor 
An "auto floor" feature may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under the 
Securities, meaning that, subject as provided in the Conditions, the specified floor will be 
applied to the actual coupon amount determined in respect of the Securities where such actual 
coupon amount is less than the specified floor, but such floor will only be applied to a number 
of such interest periods up to the specified Initial Floorlets Number. Where the actual coupon 
amount is less than the specified floor for more than such number of interest periods during the 
term of the Securities, the specified floor will not be applied to all such actual coupon amounts. 
• 
Auto Cap 
An "auto cap" feature may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under the 
Securities, meaning that, the specified cap will be applied to the actual coupon amount 
determined in respect of the Securities where such actual coupon amount is more than the 
specified cap, but such cap will only be applied to a number of such interest periods up to the 
specified Initial Caplets Number. Where the actual coupon amount is more than the specified 
cap for more than such number of interest periods during the term of the Securities, the specified 
cap will not be applied to all such actual coupon amounts. 
• 
Global interest floor: 
A "global interest floor" may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under the 
Securities, meaning that the total amount of interest payable in respect of the Securities shall 
not be less than the floor amount. In such case, if the total amount of interest paid in respect of 
the Securities prior to the application of the global interest floor provisions is less than the floor 
amount, the difference between such total amount of interest and the floor amount shall be paid 
on the final interest payment date in respect of the Securities. 
• 
Global interest cap: 
A "global interest cap" may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under the 
Securities, meaning that the total amount of interest payable in respect of the Securities shall 
not be greater than the cap amount. In such case, if the total amount of interest paid in respect 
of the Securities prior to the application of the global interest cap provisions is greater than the 
cap amount, the interest amount payable in respect of the relevant interest payment date shall 
be capped such that the total amount of interest payable in respect of the Securities in respect of 
each interest payment date up to (and including) the relevant interest payment date does not 
exceed the cap amount and no further interest will be payable in respect of the Securities after 
such date. This will decrease the amount that would have been payable had such cap not been 
applied and will result in no interest being paid in respect of the Securities after the cap has been 
reached.

--- Page 264 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
238 
 
 
• 
Restructuring feature 
A "restructure" feature may apply to the Securities meaning that a Noteholder holding all of the 
outstanding Securities may make a valid request that the Issuer restructure the interest basis 
relating to such Securities. If the Noteholder accepts the restructure rate (which may be a fixed, 
floating or variable rate) proposed by the Issuer, the interest basis of such Securities will be 
changed for the relevant interest payment dates. A fee may be payable by the Noteholder in 
respect of the relevant restructuring and there may be a maximum number of restructures. 
• 
Switcher feature 
A "Switcher Option" may apply to the Securities, meaning that the Securities may bear interest 
at a rate that converts, at the option of the Issuer, from one specified rate to another specified 
rate. The Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall 
cost of borrowing for the Issuer.  
• 
Lock-in change of interest basis 
A "Lock-in Change of Interest Basis" may apply to the Securities, meaning that the interest 
basis in respect of the Securities will change on the occurrence of one or more lock-in event(s) 
as provided therein. 
• 
Dual Currency Securities 
If the Securities are Dual Currency Securities, then amounts payable in respect of the Securities 
will be determined by converting all amounts due under the Securities from the currency in 
which the Securities are denominated into the payment currency by multiplying such amounts 
due by the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant specified valuation date. 
Mandatory early redemption or "autocall"  
If "Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then such Issue Terms will specify what constitutes a "Mandatory Early Redemption Event" or 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" and, following satisfaction of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption condition or the occurrence of a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event, the Securities 
will be redeemed on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount or Early Exit MER Amount, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms will become payable on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date, provided that, where a 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall also 
pay the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon on the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment 
Date in respect of the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. No further amount shall be payable 
in respect of such Securities after the Mandatory Early Redemption Date. In this case, you are subject to 
a reinvestment risk, as you may not be able to replace your investment in such Securities with an 
investment that has a similar profile of chances and risks as the relevant Securities. 
If any Securities are redeemed early in accordance with the above, the amount you receive will be limited 
to the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or Early Exit MER Amount, as the case may be, and (if 
applicable) the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon irrespective of the value of the relevant 
Underlying(s) or any other reference factor(s) applicable to such Underlying(s). Furthermore, you will 
not benefit from any movement in the value of relevant Underlying(s) or other reference factors relating 
to the Securities that may occur during the period between the relevant date of early redemption and the 
maturity date. 
Where the "Rollerball MER Condition" is specified as the Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, the 
Securities will redeem on the mandatory early redemption date in respect of which the relevant rollerball 
reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
equal to or above the specified rollerball barrier; or 
(b) 
above the specified rollerball barrier; or 
(c) 
equal to or below the specified rollerball barrier; or

--- Page 265 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
239 
 
(d) 
below the specified rollerball barrier. 
A rollerball reference observation may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a Floating Interest 
Rate, (ii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iii) a Spread Interest Rate or (iv) an FX Rate. 
A rollerball barrier may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a fixed rate, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) an FX Rate, (vi) the sum of more 
than one rate or (vii) one rate minus another rate. 
Where the "TARN MER Condition" is specified as the Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, the 
Securities will redeem on the mandatory early redemption date on which the total interest payable in 
respect of the Securities (including the interest payable in respect of the interest period ending on or about 
such mandatory early redemption date but without taking into account any excluded interest) is equal to 
or greater than, the TARN Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Unless the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, Early Exit MER Amount 
(together with (if applicable) the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon) is a specified fixed amount and 
such amount is greater than your initial investment in the Securities, then you should note that, unless a 
scheduled minimum redemption amount is specified in all circumstances, then you will lose all or part 
of your investment. 
Securities subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Securities, as set out in General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and any related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their market value. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, the market value of those Securities 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Securities. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. You should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Redemption amount or Entitlement due on the maturity date  
Where the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then either (i) a fixed redemption amount shall be due in respect of each Security 
on the Maturity Date which shall not be linked to the performance of any Underlying or (ii) a redemption 
amount linked to the performance of specified inflation indices or to certain interest rates or amounts 
shall be due in respect of each Security on the Maturity Date, as further described below. 
DIR Inflation Linked Redemption 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the redemption amount payable in respect of the Securities 
is the DIR Inflation Linked Redemption Amount, the redemption amount due in respect of each Security 
on the Maturity Date shall be determined by reference to movements in the applicable inflation index. 
Lock-in Redemption Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Securities are Lock-in Redemption Securities, the 
redemption amount due in respect of each Securities on the Maturity Date shall be determined by 
reference to the applicable FX rate. 
Rate Linked Redemption Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Securities are Rate Linked Redemption Securities, the 
redemption amount due in respect of each Securities on the Maturity Date shall be determined by 
reference to the applicable rate(s).

--- Page 266 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
240 
 
 
Interest Linked Redemption Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Securities are the Interest Linked Redemption 
Securities, the redemption amount due in respect of the Securities on the Maturity Date shall be the sum 
of (i) the principal amount of the Securities plus (ii) the sum of all the Interest Amounts determined in 
respect of the Securities (which may be a positive or negative value or zero). 
Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions 
Where the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the provisions relating to Redemption Barrier Event are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the redemption amount due or assets deliverable shall in 
all circumstances be linked to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s).  
Where the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the provisions relating to Redemption Barrier Event are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the redemption amount due or assets deliverable shall 
depend on whether a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and, if the provisions relating to 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event or the provisions relating to Redemption Lower Barrier Event are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if a Redemption Upper Barrier Event or a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event respectively has occurred. The applicable Issue Terms will specify 
what constitutes a "Redemption Barrier Event" and any "Redemption Upper Barrier Event" or 
"Redemption Lower Barrier Event". Such alternate amounts may either be expressed as being a fixed 
redemption amount shall be due in respect of each Security or as being a redemption amount due or assets 
deliverable that is linked to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s).  
Where the redemption amount or assets deliverable at maturity is determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Underlying(s), unless a scheduled minimum redemption amount is specified 
in all circumstances, then you may lose all or part of your investment. 
In addition, a Redemption Barrier Event will occur if "Redemption Lock-In Event" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, and will operate to override any other redemption provisions if 
the relevant redemption lock-in condition has been satisfied (such that, once the relevant Redemption 
Lock-in Level has been satisfied in respect of a Redemption Lock-in Event Valuation Date, other 
redemption provisions will have no effect on the amount payable at maturity, regardless of the 
performance of the relevant Underlying(s) or whether any other barrier is satisfied). 
Features which determine amounts due or assets deliverable in respect of Securities linked to the 
performance of the Underlying(s)  
Where the Securities are linked to the performance of Underlying(s), then certain features of such 
Securities (as described below) may determine amounts due or assets deliverable thereunder. 
Performance  
Interim Performance, Mandatory Early Redemption Performance and Final Performance may be 
determined in respect of one or more Underlyings as follows: 
• 
"single underlying observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference 
to the Underlying performance of a single Underlying for the relevant payment date (assessed 
as the appreciation or depreciation in level of the relevant Underlying on the relevant Valuation 
Date(s) compared with the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined as provided in the 
applicable terms and conditions of the Securities). As such, amounts due or assets deliverable 
where such provisions apply are linked only to the performance of that Underlying. 
• 
"best of basket observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to 
the Underlying having the specified highest performance for the relevant payment date (assessed 
as the appreciation in level of such Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with 
the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined as provided in the applicable terms and 
conditions of the Securities). As such, amounts due or assets deliverable where such provisions 
apply are linked to such specified highest performing Underlying(s) only. Where the "Himalaya 
Interim Performance – European Observation" provisions apply, then once an Underlying has

--- Page 267 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
241 
 
had the highest performance for any Interest Payment Date, such Underlying's performance shall 
be disregarded for each subsequent Interest Payment Date. 
• 
"worst of basket observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference 
to the Underlying having the specified lowest performance for the relevant payment date 
(assessed as the depreciation in level of such Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) 
compared with the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined in the applicable terms and 
conditions of the Securities). As such, amounts due or assets deliverable where such provisions 
apply are linked to such specified lowest performing Underlying(s) only and, for example where 
the "first lowest performance" applies, if one Underlying performs negatively, then any positive 
performance of all other Underlying(s) will be irrelevant in the determination of the applicable 
amount(s) due or assets deliverable.  
• 
"Himalaya interim performance – Asian observation" means that the relevant performance 
is calculated by reference to the arithmetic average of the performance of the Underlying having 
the highest performance for each relevant Valuation Date relating to the relevant payment date 
(assessed as the appreciation in level of such Underlying on each such relevant Valuation Date 
compared with the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined as provided in the 
applicable terms and conditions of the Securities) but PROVIDED THAT, once an Underlying 
has had the highest performance for any valuation date relating to that payment date, such 
Underlying's performance shall be disregarded for each subsequent Valuation Date relating to 
that payment date (but shall not be disregarded in respect of subsequent Interest Payment Dates). 
As such, amounts due or assets deliverable are not directly linked to any one Underlying(s) and 
positive performance of some Underlying(s) may be negated by negative performance of other 
Underlying(s), particularly as a consistently high performing Underlying will only have its first-
occurring highest performance included in the calculation of the arithmetic average performance 
for the relevant payment date. 
• 
"weighted basket observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference 
to the performance of a weighted basket of Underlying(s) (assessed as the appreciation or 
depreciation in level of such Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with the 
relevant strike date(s)) and multiplied by the weighting. As such, amounts due or assets 
deliverable are not directly linked to the performance of any one Underlying and positive 
performance of some Underlying(s) may be negated by negative performance of other 
Underlying(s), particularly when the weighting attributed to such Underlying(s) having a 
negative performance is greater than that attributed to those Underlying(s) having a positive 
performance. Where "rainbow weighting" is applicable, the higher the weighting attributed to 
the relevant Underlying having the lowest performance for the relevant Valuation Date, the 
lower the Interim Performance, Mandatory Early Redemption Performance or Final 
Performance, as the case may be. 
• 
"outperformance" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to the 
difference in the performance of the Underlying or Underlyings comprising the Outperformance 
A Underlyings and the Underlying or Underlyings comprising the Outperformance B 
Underlying. Therefore, the performance will be positive where the performance of the 
Outperformance A Underlyings is greater than the performance of the Underlying or 
Underlyings comprising the Outperformance B Underlying. In determining which Underlyings 
comprise each of the Outperformance A Underlyings and the Outperformance B Underlyings, 
any of the above observation provisions may apply, as further detailed in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
• 
"arithmetic mean underlying return" means that the relevant performance is calculated by 
reference to the arithmetic average of the underlying returns of a basket of Underlying(s). Each 
underlying return being assessed as the appreciation or depreciation in level of each such 
Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with the relevant strike date(s) or a 
capped, floored, collared or fixed percentage (which may be zero) instead of such appreciation 
or depreciation for that Underlying, all as further detailed in the terms and conditions of the 
Securities. As such, amounts due or assets deliverable are not directly linked to the performance 
of any one specified Underlying.

--- Page 268 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
242 
 
 
• 
"cliquet" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum or product of the re-setting performance of a single Underlying 
for each relevant Valuation Date relating to that payment date (assessed as the appreciation or 
depreciation in level of the Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date compared with its value 
on the last relevant Valuation Date(s) or, if none, the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise 
determined as provided in the applicable terms and conditions of the Securities). If period 
performance provisions apply, then that sum or product of the re-setting performance of the 
Underlying shall be subtracted from the performance of the single Underlying for the period 
relating to the relevant payment date (such performance for the period being assessed as the 
appreciation or depreciation in level of the Underlying on the relevant last occurring Valuation 
Date relating to the payment date compared with its value on first occurring Valuation Date 
relating to that payment date or, if none, the strike date(s)) or vice versa. As such, amounts due 
or assets deliverable where such provisions apply are linked only to the performance of that 
Underlying. 
You must ensure that you read and understand the relevant performance provisions in respect of the 
Securities as these will influence if certain amounts are paid or delivered and may impact the relevant 
amount or assets due in respect of the Securities.  
Barrier Events  
Whether a Barrier Event has occurred or not may be determined by reference (a) to one or more 
Underlying(s) and, in the case of each such Underlying, whether it is less than, less than or equal to, 
greater than, greater than or equal to or within specified barrier levels; (b) to specified dates only 
("European" observation) or during a period ("American" observation); (c) the aggregate interest 
amounts calculated by reference to the performance of such Underlying(s) and paid in respect of the 
Securities; and/or (d) to the performance of such Underlying(s) as detailed under Performance above, or 
by reference to the closing level or the level of the relevant Underlying(s) continuously observed or the 
arithmetic average, highest or lowest of the closing level or the level of the relevant Underlying(s) 
observed on specified dates.  
You must ensure that you read and understand what constitutes each relevant Barrier Event in respect of 
the Securities as the relevant contingencies will influence if certain amounts are paid or delivered and 
may impact the relevant amount or assets due in respect of the Securities. 
Participation rates, caps, floors and collars applied to formulae  
Certain formulae for determining amounts due or assets deliverable under the Securities may be subject 
to one or a combination of the following features: 
• 
A maximum amount (a cap) 
• 
A minimum amount (a floor)  
• 
A maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) 
• 
An "absolute value" (meaning that the relevant calculation, if resulting in a negative number, 
will be determined as if it were a positive number) 
• 
One or more participation rates  
• 
Addition or subtraction of a specified adjustment amount 
• 
An "fx performance" feature (meaning that the formulae shall be adjusted to take into account 
the performance or change in value of a specified fx rate from a specified initial valuation date 
to a specified final valuation date) 
In such circumstances, the relevant calculation will not be made only by reference to the performance of 
the relevant Underlying(s) and the application of such features may result in the calculation being subject 
to a minimum and/or maximum amount or otherwise increasing or decreasing the amount that would 
otherwise have been calculated had no such feature(s) been applicable. Movements in the value of the 
relevant Underlying will be magnified where a participation rate applies and may therefore result in

--- Page 269 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
243 
 
greater gains or losses than if no participation rate applied. Therefore, amounts due or assets deliverable 
in respect of the Securities will also be linked to the performance of the relevant exchange rate and 
negative performance of such exchange rate could negate positive performance of the relevant 
Underlying(s). 
Swaption provisions  
Where the Performance Linked Redemption Amount is determined by reference to the "Swaption" 
provisions, the value of the Annuity will go down as the value of the relevant underlying Rate goes up. 
In addition, you should note that, if the Annuity Factor is negative, the Performance Linked Redemption 
Amount will increase as the underlying Rate decreases or, if the Annuity Factor is positive, the 
Performance Linked Redemption Amount will decrease as the underlying Rate increases. Changes in 
market interest rates may therefore adversely affect the value of the relevant Securities.  
FX  
Where FX Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a relevant Underlying 
is denominated in a currency other than the relevant Specified Currency of the Securities then values of 
such Underlying will be converted into the relevant Specified Currency. Such conversion may, as 
provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, be determined by referring to a "cross rate" 
(meaning that such conversion will be determined via the exchange rate of a third currency). Therefore, 
amounts due or assets deliverable in respect of the Securities will also be linked to the performance of 
the relevant exchange rate and negative performance of such exchange rate could negate positive 
performance of the relevant Underlying(s). 
Credit Linked Notes and/or Index Skew Notes 
Credit Events  
The amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon whether bankruptcy has occurred with 
respect to the Reference Entity and whether certain credit events ("Credit Events") have occurred in 
respect of obligations of the Reference Entity that fall within a specified category (e.g., bonds, loans, 
borrowed money) and where applicable have specified characteristics (e.g., subordination, currency, 
governing law). Whereas bankruptcy is a Credit Event that relates to the Reference Entity itself, other 
Credit Events, such as failure to pay or restructuring, relate to obligations of the Reference Entity and 
only in the case of a restructuring credit event and in certain cases relating to failure to pay where the 
"2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)" and "Credit 
Deterioration Requirement" apply in the applicable Issue Terms, deterioration of creditworthiness of the 
Reference Entity is a pre-condition for a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, to occur. Depending 
on the terms of the Credit Linked Note, obligations for which the Reference Entity acts in a capacity 
other than direct obligor (for example, as a guarantor or insurer) may or may not be within the class of 
obligations that is relevant for the purposes of determining whether a Credit Event has occurred. Investors 
should additionally be aware that a Reference Entity may decide to restructure only certain classes of its 
obligations and such a selective restructuring may not result in a Credit Event for the classes of 
obligations that are relevant for a particular Credit Linked Note. Investors should therefore carefully 
review the applicable Credit Events and their definitions under the Credit Linked Notes and 
independently evaluate its appropriateness to the objective for purchasing the Credit Linked Notes. 
Impact of a Credit Event or Risk Event on principal and interest 
If "2014 Reference Entity" applies, following a Credit Event which is a Governmental Intervention or 
certain Restructuring Credit Events, an Asset Package Credit Event may occur and the amount of 
principal payable may be determined based on the value of a package of assets which a relevant 
obligation of a Reference Entity has been converted into or exchanged for (which may be worth 
significantly less than the principal amount of such original obligation of such Reference Entity or, where 
such original obligation has been expropriated for no compensation, may be zero). Prospective investors 
in such Credit Linked Notes should be aware that depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive no 
or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets 
may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment.

--- Page 270 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
244 
 
 
The occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in relation to any Reference Entity from 
time to time may result in either full or partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which shall depend on whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit 
Payment Following Credit Event" applies (and additionally, in the case of Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, whether "Redemption in Part" or "Redemption in Full" applies) and any recovery (which 
could be zero) or any incurred recovery amounts (to the extent that such recovery falls within the tranche 
to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed 
to (as applicable)) will be payable to the investor, but the investor shall be exposed to all incurred losses 
(to the extent that such losses fall within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)), which will reduce its principal 
redemptions. Where "Physical Redemption" applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes based on the delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of 
the affected Reference Entity, which may have a market value which is substantially less than their 
nominal amount.  
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, investors should note that interest (in full or in part) will cease to accrue on a specified 
portion of the relevant Credit Linked Notes as set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked 
Notes depending on whether "Interest Accrual on Default" or "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
If "No Interest Accrual on Default" is applicable, interest will cease from the Interest Payment Date or 
LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable or where there is no Interest Payment Date or 
LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date. If "Interest Accrual on Default" 
is applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the first Business Day immediately following the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. In such case, 
interest shall accrue on the affected applicable proportion from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
or LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable (or where there is no Interest Payment 
Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date) to (and 
including) the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable. With respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Principal Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event 
Writedown Date, being the business day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date.  
The Issuer may also suspend interest in certain circumstances where (a) an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question or a CE Resolution Notice, as applicable, has been submitted in respect of which a DC 
Resolution has not been published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved 
whether it will convene a meeting to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question or the matters 
described in the CE Resolution Notice, as applicable, or (b) where the Calculation Agent has determined 
that a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event 
Notice, as applicable, has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Securityholders. In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Issuer would suspend the maximum amount of interest payable assuming 
(i) the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, had occurred, (ii) in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring 
or Restructuring, as applicable, as though no partial exercise occurred and (iii) where the amount to be 
withheld requires calculation of any recovery amount, a fixed recovery of zero per cent. applies. Such 
suspension of interest shall be effected although no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date has actually occurred.  
Investors should be aware that payment of any interest wrongly suspended will be repayable in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes and where insufficient interest has 
been suspended (the absolute value of such interest shortfall constituting the Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount), such Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount shall be claimed by the Issuer from any future 
amount(s) payable or assets Delivered upon the redemption or, where applicable, write down in full of 
the relevant Credit Linked Notes (whether at maturity or upon early redemption). The Issuer however 
shall have no further claims against any investors for any Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount which 
cannot be deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient).

--- Page 271 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
245 
 
Interest (if applicable) shall continue to be suspended until the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee makes the relevant announcements or the Calculation Agent determines that 
no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can 
occur. In such circumstances, investors should note that they may not receive any interest for multiple 
Interest Periods and no liability will attach to the Issuer for any such non-payment of interest.  
Interest will otherwise continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of the Credit Linked Note 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, to and excluding the 
earlier to occur of any full redemption at Scheduled Maturity Date or any relevant early redemption. 
Where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Credit Linked Notes 
in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount at the funding interest rate.  
Investors should note that the Issuer is not obliged to suffer any loss as a result of a Credit Event or Risk 
Event. Credit losses on Credit Linked Notes will be calculated irrespective of whether the Issuer has 
suffered an actual loss in relation to a Reference Entity or any obligations thereof. The Issuer is not 
obliged to account for any recovery which it may subsequently make in relation to such Reference Entity 
or its obligations. 
Successors 
Investors should note that, from time to time, the Reference Entity may be subject to change following 
the determination of any successors to the Reference Entity, and the creditworthiness of such successors 
may have an impact on the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes. 
Broadly, "successor" means, the entity or entities, if any, determined to have succeeded to a requisite 
amount of relevant obligations of the Reference Entity. For a Sovereign Reference Entity, an entity may 
only be a successor to a Reference Entity that is a sovereign following the occurrence of a unification, 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar 
event.  
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aware of the relevant succession (but, where "2003 Reference Entity" applies, no earlier than 
14 calendar days after the legally effective date of the relevant succession event), the sovereign or entity, 
if any, that qualifies as the successor. The Credit Linked Conditions provide that if a Reference Entity 
has more than one successor, the Calculation Agent shall amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, 
without consent of the investors, to reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more 
than one successor and for the purposes of calculation, the affected notional representing such Reference 
Entity will be divided equally among the successors. Following such determination, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and 
interest will accrue on such amount in accordance with the adjustments determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner to reflect the economic effects of the 
identification of more than one successor, considered in the aggregate. Investors should note that the 
Credit Linked Note may reference substantially different credit risks following the determination of one 
or more successors. These credit risks could potentially be greater or lesser than the credit risk of the 
original Reference Entity. Investors should also be aware that the determination of a successor will not 
necessarily result in the assumption of that obligation by the successor either at all or in the same 
proportion as the allocation of the notional amount of the original Credit Linked Note. Such changes to 
the Credit Linked Notes could adversely impact the value of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Exposure to Credit Events and successions prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date 
The Credit Event Backstop Date represents the first day of the credit protection period for a Series of 
Credit Linked Notes. The default position under the Credit Linked Conditions is for the Credit Event 
Backstop Date to be determined on a rolling basis by reference to a look-back period of 60 calendar days 
from the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or the effective date of the Credit Event Notice, as 
applicable. Investors should accordingly note a Credit Event occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue 
Date may result in a Credit Event being triggered under such Credit Linked Notes. Investors should also 
note that this will not be the case where the terms of the Credit Linked Notes expressly specify the Credit 
Event Backstop Date as the Trade Date or the Issue Date. Credit Linked Notes may also be exposed to 
Successor determinations in respect of events occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date as, where 
"2014 Reference Entity" applies, the Credit Linked Notes have a similar backstop date (referred to as

--- Page 272 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
246 
 
 
"Successor Backstop Date" where "2014 Reference Entity" applies and "Succession Event Backstop 
Date" where "2003 Reference Entity" applies),which is a look-back period of 90 calendar days prior to 
the date of a request to convene the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (or, if 
applicable, the effective date of a notice to the investor describing the relevant succession) is applicable 
for the purposes of any Successor determination. In both cases, investors should note that a Credit Event 
or succession that occurred prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date could affect the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes. In respect of a Series of Credit Linked Notes to which "2014 Reference Entity" applies, where on 
or after 1 January 2014, an entity assumes all of the obligations (including at least one relevant obligation) 
of a Reference Entity which is not a sovereign, in circumstances where a Reference Entity has ceased to 
exist, or is in the process of being dissolved and has not issued or incurred any borrowed money 
obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption (such entity, a "Universal 
Successor"), the look-back period of 90 calendar days will not apply.  
Investors should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to any Reference 
Entity(ies) by consulting publicly available information. If, prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date, a 
request to convene a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to determine whether a Credit Event 
or Successor determination has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity has been made, details of 
such 
request 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
DC 
Secretary's 
webpage 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). If a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not been convened to determine such matter as of the Trade Date or Issue 
Date, investors should note that one may still be convened after the Trade Date or Issue Date in respect 
of an event that has occurred which occurs up to 60 days (in the case of a Credit Event), 90 days in the 
case of the determination of a Successor) or any time (in the case of the determination of a Universal 
Successor, where applicable) before the date of a request to convene such Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to make the relevant determinations. Equally, Credit Events and successions 
may occur but where issues are not raised within the requisite time period to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to qualify for a Credit Event or a qualifying succession, the events will not 
impact the relevant Credit Linked Notes, subject to any further actions undertaken by the Calculation 
Agent (where applicable).  
Reference Obligations under the Credit Linked Notes 
Where "2014 Reference Entity" applies and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, the reference 
obligation will be the obligation specified as the market standard reference obligation for the relevant 
Reference Entity for the relevant seniority level (the "Standard Reference Obligation or SRO") when 
such SRO is published on the relevant SRO list and from the date of such publication any non-standard 
reference obligation set out in the applicable Issue Terms (if any) will no longer be the reference 
obligation. The rules outlining the selection and replacement of the Standard Reference Obligation are 
contained within the rules relating to Standard Reference Obligation, as published by ISDA 
(www.isda.org or any successor website) and as amended and/or supplemented from time to time in 
accordance with the terms thereof (the "SRO Rules"). The SRO for a relevant seniority level will only 
be replaced by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee by majority vote in certain 
circumstances set out in the SRO Rules (for example, if the Standard Reference Obligation matures, is 
redeemed or is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity, or in the case of where Financial 
Reference Entities is stated to be applicable in the Issue Terms and where Mod R or Mod Mod R applies, 
if the Standard Reference Obligation has less than one year remaining maturity and a replacement 
Standard Reference Obligation is available in the first maturity bucket, amongst others) after performing 
the necessary legal review and the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, the Dealer and/or one or more of their 
respective affiliates are not under an obligation to replace the SRO if a substitution event occurs. The 
Issue Terms may specify that Standard Reference Obligation does not apply, in which case the Reference 
Obligation will be the non-standard reference obligation specified in the Issue Terms, if any. Where 
certain substitution events occur with respect to such non-standard reference obligations, the Calculation 
Agent will attempt to substitute the same in accordance with the criteria and conditions set out in the 
Credit Linked Notes.  
Where a Reference Obligation Only Series is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall early redeem without any substitution of the reference obligation where the reference 
obligation is redeemed in whole but otherwise, no substitution will be required if the aggregate amounts 
under the said obligation have reduced or it no longer is an obligation of the Reference Entity.

--- Page 273 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
247 
 
Asset Package Delivery 
Under the Credit Linked Conditions, where "2014 Reference Entity" applies, asset package delivery 
provisions may apply in respect of a Financial Reference Entity in certain circumstances if either (i) a 
"Governmental Intervention" Credit Event has occurred or (ii) if "Restructuring" is an applicable Credit 
Event, a restructuring has occurred in respect of the reference obligation of a Financial Reference Entity, 
and such restructuring does not constitute a "Governmental Intervention" Credit Event. Asset package 
delivery options may also apply in respect of certain Sovereigns subject to restructuring of a package 
observable bond if Package Observable Bonds, being a certain number of deliverable bonds of the 
sovereign, exist. Following a "Governmental Intervention" Credit Event or a restructuring of a reference 
obligation, in each case in respect of a Financial Reference Entity, or in the case of certain sovereigns 
subject to restructuring of a package observable bond, provided that there was an existing obligation of 
the Reference Entity which, immediately prior to the relevant event constituted a deliverable obligation 
(a "Prior Deliverable Obligation" in the case of a Financial Reference Entity and "Package Observable 
Bond" in the case of certain sovereigns), the assets which result from such Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond can be used for the purposes of redeeming the Credit Linked Notes (such 
redemption "Asset Package Delivery").  
Asset Package Delivery may apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset Package 
Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit Event 
that triggered redemption, (ii) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and no Package Observable Bond 
exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event, or (iii) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign 
and "2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014)" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms (even if 
such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA or any other successor entity).  
Asset Package Delivery may apply in circumstances where the deliverable obligation has either been 
converted into something that does not constitute a deliverable obligation (e.g. equity), written-down in 
part (such that it becomes uneconomic to deliver) or written-down in full (such that it is uneconomic to 
deliver, but in any event, there is no obligation that can actually be delivered). In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Outstanding Principal Balance will be treated to be the Outstanding 
Principal Balance immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event and where the 
Outstanding Principal Balance is deemed to be written down to zero, the Asset Package shall be deemed 
to be zero and delivery of the Package Observable Bond or Prior Deliverable Obligation will be deemed 
to have been satisfied in full. For the purposes of Asset Package Delivery, the asset package for any 
holder of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond will consist of all of the 
assets in the proportion received or retained by such holder in connection with the Asset Package Credit 
Event. The relevant asset package must be delivered in the proportion received or retained by such a 
holder. If the asset package is not capable of being transferred (excluding due to market conditions) or is 
not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for being traded in, financial markets, the asset shall be 
deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the market value thereof by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. In such case, Asset Package Delivery will occur by payment of 
such cash amount. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligations 
Investors should note that where Asset Package Delivery is not applicable, an Obligation of a Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of 
which a Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and (b) which meets the deliverable obligation criteria falling within the specific category 
(Bond and/or Loan) and meeting certain characteristics immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring remains a good deliverable for the purposes of inclusion on any Final List or Physical 
Redemption save that unlike in the case of Asset Package Delivery, the outstanding principal balance 
will not be deemed to be such outstanding principal balance prior to the restructuring credit event but 
will be assessed as per the terms of the Credit Linked Note at the time of determination. Accordingly, 
the Issuer may be required to deliver additional deliverable obligations in order to meet the outstanding 
principal balance requirements for delivery.

--- Page 274 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
248 
 
 
M(M)R Restructuring and Movement Option 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies, 
depending on whether "2003 Reference Entity" or "2014 Reference Entity" applies and M(M)R 
Restructuring occurs, investors should note that the deliverable obligations which qualify for inclusion 
on the Final List or for "Physical Redemption" must not only meet the specific deliverability obligation 
category or characteristics but is further restricted by virtue of its tenor to maturity. Accordingly, the loss 
suffered by an investor will depend on the recovery (expressed as a percentage) for the relevant 
deliverables. Longer dated obligations are subjected to lower recovery in comparison with the shorter 
dated obligations. Where the Calculation Agent determines in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that a 
No Auction Announcement Date has occurred in certain circumstances, it may elect (in its sole and 
absolute discretion) to deliver a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer in order for 
redemption to be effected by virtue of the relevant Auction Redemption Amount being determined by 
reference to a "Parallel Auction" identified by the Calculation Agent in the Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option, where the permissible deliverables are more limited in order to accommodate "Auction 
Redemption". Accordingly, in these circumstances, the loss suffered by an investor will depend on the 
recovery for the deliverable obligations associated with the particular "Parallel Auction".  
Auction Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then the amounts payable 
under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined on the basis of the final price determined pursuant to 
the auction procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (then available 
at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website)). In respect of specified 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, provided that the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee determines that an applicable auction will be held, an auction final price determination date 
will occur. Credit losses determined pursuant to a market auction process may be greater or less than the 
losses which would have been determined in the absence of the auction. In particular, the auction process 
may be affected by technical factors or operational errors, which would not otherwise apply or may be 
the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. The administrator(s) specified in the auction settlement 
terms conduct auctions. Investors are subject to the risk that where a final price is determined in 
accordance with an auction, this may result in a lower recovery value than an obligation of the Reference 
Entity would have had if such final price had been determined pursuant to alternative methods.  
In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may amend the form of auction settlement 
terms for a particular auction. The DC Rules provide for certain amendments by resolution of a convened 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Other amendments may be made subject to a public 
comment period; however, the DC Rules permit the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
forego a public comment period by supermajority action. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction will be on similar terms to the form 
of auction settlement terms or the terms of previous auctions. 
Where the only relevant Credit Event is a restructuring, several concurrent but separate auctions may 
occur with respect to the Reference Entity and such Credit Event. The auction settlement amount may be 
based on the price of one or more obligations of the Reference Entity having a final maturity date different 
from the restructured obligation. 
Although auctions can generally be expected to be held for Reference Entities that are widely traded in 
the credit markets, there can be no assurance that an auction will be held for future Credit Events or that, 
if held, the auction will result in the determination of an auction final price. If an auction is not held or 
fails to result in the determination of an auction final price (as might occur if an auction is cancelled by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee due, for example, to an inability to obtain the requisite 
number of initial bids) and if "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, 
then the "Fallback Redemption Method" shall apply which, depending on the nature of the Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed, may be cash redemption, or physical redemption. In such circumstances of cash 
redemption, the final price will be determined pursuant to the valuation method specified in the Credit 
Linked Notes.

--- Page 275 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
249 
 
Investors should carefully assess and understand the elections specified in relation to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes and the circumstances and/or events as described above, which may affect the value of and 
return on such Credit Linked Notes. 
Physical redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event 
Where "Physical Redemption" or "LA Physical Redemption" applies to Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer 
must select obligations of the Reference Entity that satisfy specified criteria and deliver those obligations 
to the investor in an amount determined in accordance with the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Investors should be aware that physical redemption may not be possible to accomplish under some 
circumstances, including where the Issuer is unable to procure the specified or selected deliverable 
obligation(s) due to market dislocations or prior redemptions or refinancings by the Reference Entity, 
failure to receive necessary transfer consents (such as from a borrower or agent) or delays in receiving 
such consents, or court orders prohibiting transfers of an obligation. In such event, the terms of the Credit 
Linked Notes may provide the Issuer with alternative methods of settlement or permit partial cash 
settlement subject to certain conditions or specify other fallback consequences which may include 
redemption by way of payment of a cash amount. 
Further, where "Physical Redemption" applies, if all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that 
would be required to be Delivered to a Noteholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of 
transfer for any such Physical Redemption Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer will only Deliver the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified 
by the Issuer which is as large a size as possible but less than the full Physical Redemption Assets, after 
consideration of such smallest unit or units of transfer and application of rounding. The value of the 
undelivered obligations will be deemed to be zero and the Issuer's obligations to an investor in respect of 
such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged in such circumstances. Investors should understand 
the terms of the obligation and applicable securities laws as these may restrict their ability to take delivery 
of Deliverable Obligations. If investors are to receive Deliverable Obligations, investors should also note 
that delivery expenses will be taken into account in determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount of the relevant Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered. 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
If "2014 Reference Entity" applies, the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation is 
determined by calculating (i) the amount of all principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity in 
respect of such obligation, minus (ii) any unwind costs, any delivery expenses, any interest suspension 
shortfall amounts and any portion of such principal payment obligations that are subject to a contingency 
(other than certain permitted contingencies) or prohibited action (the amount determined in sub-
paragraph (i) above less any amounts subtracted in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, being the 
"Non-Contingent Amount") and thereafter determining the lowest amount of the claim that could be 
validly asserted against a Reference Entity in respect of such Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation 
was redeemed or accelerated. If "2003 Reference Entity" applies, the outstanding principal balance of a 
deliverable obligation will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, and will similarly deduct any unwind costs, any delivery expenses and 
any interest suspension shortfall amounts. Accordingly, if payments of principal are subject to a 
contingency, the outstanding principal balance could be less than the principal balance (and depending 
upon the type of contingency, could even be zero).The quantum of the claim will be normally determined 
in accordance with any applicable law that reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation. Where the "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)" and "Fallback Discounting" both apply and if certain 
other conditions are met (being (a) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or 
discounted in accordance with applicable law and (b) the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced 
under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount 
(as applicable), and in each case, there are no provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount 
which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary 
for such Bond or Loan, as applicable), the Outstanding Principal Balance would instead be the lesser of 
(i) the Non-Contingent Amount and (ii) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between (A) 
the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and (B) the principal redemption 
amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. In such circumstances, prospective investors 
should note that upon Delivery by the Issuer of impacted Deliverable Obligations or LA Settlement

--- Page 276 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
250 
 
 
Assets, as applicable, the amount received by the investor would potentially be further reduced which 
could result in an anticipated par claim being treated as less than par. 
Partial cash redemption and Fallback Cash Redemption  
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Noteholders where, for example, physical 
delivery is illegal or impossible or the necessary consents for transfer of the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation have not been obtained. In addition, the Issuer may elect in lieu of delivering all or any part 
of the Asset Package to pay cash instead to investors the asset market value of any non-delivered asset 
package converted if necessary, into the currency of denomination of the Credit Linked Notes at the 
prevailing market rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. Such asset market 
value may be determined by the Calculation Agent based on any specialised valuation or methodology 
determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or the Calculation Agent or based on a 
value obtained as though Cash Redemption were to apply on a Valuation Date selected by the Calculation 
Agent.  
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 
The terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes allow for the Issuer in certain circumstances to 
attempt to continue performing its delivery obligations after the Physical Redemption Date. If Delivery 
is not completed in full by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, in certain circumstances 
when the event affecting Delivery is cured, the Issuer may be required to complete Delivery on or prior 
to the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date.  
Delivery of Loans 
Where physical redemption applies and to the extent investors would be required to receive loans as 
deliverable obligations under a Credit Linked Note, investors should be familiar with the documentation 
and settlement practices of the relevant secondary loan trading markets and applicable laws and 
regulations (including the legal consequences of furnishing or receiving non-public information 
regarding a Reference Entity).  
Provisions of the Reference Entity's credit agreements may affect a party's ability to deliver or receive 
loans, the economic consequences of doing so and whether loans meet deliverability criteria. 
Accordingly, investors should review such agreements carefully, including the provisions governing 
assignments, any collateral allocation mechanisms i.e., a mandatory exchange of obligations for other 
obligations under a credit agreement, not all of which may be deliverable and provisions that may require 
or entitle a lender to advance funds. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
Investors should note that a Payment/Delivery Failure Event will occur where certain relevant definitive 
Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes) and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice are not delivered or there is a 
failure to duly execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or before 
any Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or 
before any Delivery Date. In such case, investors should note that the obligations of the Issuer to procure 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and make any payment shall cease until such time such 
event is cured whereupon deferred delivery shall apply or if "Fallback Cash Redemption" is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms, fallback cash settlement shall apply. Investors will not be entitled to 
any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of such deferred delivery or payment. 
Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable 
If "Cash Redemption" or "LA Cash Redemption", as applicable, applies to the Credit Linked Notes, then 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, the Calculation Agent will be 
required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the Reference Entity in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that such obligations may 
no longer exist and no qualifying substitute obligations may have been identified, such quotations may 
not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in 
the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the Reference Entity (for example, 
liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Moreover, the market value of a Reference Entity's

--- Page 277 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
251 
 
obligations may be highly volatile in the period following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. 
Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant 
obligation which would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cash 
flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled the disposition of the obligations. Furthermore, 
the price of the selected obligations of the Reference Entity may be deemed to be zero in the event that 
no such quotations are available. Further, valuation of the selected obligations will be determined at a 
particular determination date and as such the recovery price which would be adopted in any loss amount 
or incurred loss amount that would be suffered by an investor following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
or Risk Event, as applicable, will reflect the value of relevant obligations at a given date. As such, the 
exposure to loss suffered by an investor or any principal write-down may be more than that ultimately 
realised by a holder of debt obligations of the Reference Entity, whether by means of enforcement of 
rights following a default or receipt of distributions following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Investors should note that if an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset 
Package and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal 
Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, to which 
it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (B) if the Asset Package is zero, a 
Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, equal to zero. 
Further, where quotations are sought on an asset package, such asset package may contain assets which 
are hard to value and for which a valuation methodology may not be readily available or suitable, which 
may reduce the value of quotations or the availability of quotations that may otherwise have been 
obtained. Accordingly, investors should note that any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower 
than the value of the relevant obligation (or asset package) which would be determined by reference to 
(for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled 
the disposition of the obligations. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption may be subject to a fixed recovery 
price 
If "Fixed Recovery Redemption" or "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" applies to Credit Linked Notes 
and the Credit Event Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is calculated by reference to a fixed 
recovery price of the obligations of a Reference Entity(ies),  the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event, as applicable, may result in the recovery being materially lower than the prevailing price of the 
relevant obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. Investors should note that redemption could occur 
with a Fixed Recovery Percentage set at zero per cent. where the Issue Terms specify accordingly. 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the occurrence of the Cash Redemption 
Date or the Final Cash Redemption Date, the LA Cash Redemption Date or Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes in full. Investors should be aware that where the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, 
the loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no 
redemption amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. Investors accordingly 
will bear the loss of their principal. 
No early redemption or Frustration 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes will not early redeem and no frustration shall occur 
solely because the Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date 
or Issue Date or Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or 
cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date or Issue Date. Accordingly, investors should conduct their 
own investigation as to the existence of a Reference Entity and/or relevant obligations prior to the 
purchase of the Credit Linked Notes to ensure that the exposure to the particular Reference Entity is 
within the contemplated objectives of the investor.

--- Page 278 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
252 
 
 
Merger Events and Early Redemption in certain circumstances 
If "Redemption following Merger" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes (other than Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes) may be redeemed earlier by the Issuer where it or the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or 
transfers all or substantially all of its respective assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, 
or the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. Accordingly, a Merger Event will result in the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full or in part at the Merger Redemption Amount. 
If a Reference Obligation is fully redeemed with respect to a Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit 
Linked Notes in respect of a Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies, investors 
should note that the relevant Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed in part or in full at the Substitution 
Event Redemption Amount. In addition, where "2003 Reference Entity" applies only, if certain other 
substitution events occur with respect to the relevant Reference Obligations (such as the Reference 
Obligation ceasing to be an obligation of the Reference Entity) and the Calculation Agent fails to identify 
a Substitute Reference Obligation by the Extension Date, then where such Reference Obligations is the 
only Deliverable Obligation, the relevant Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed in part or in full at the 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount. 
If the Credit Linked Notes are so redeemed early in the circumstances described above, the Issuer will 
pay to investors, as holder of such Securities, an amount specified in the General Conditions or the Credit 
Linked Conditions or such other amount (or method for calculating the amount) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. There is no guarantee that the amount repaid to any investor will be equal to or 
higher than the initial investment in the relevant Credit Linked Notes and such amount may be 
substantially less than such initial investment. 
Relevant Credit Events and Relevant Risk Events disregarded 
Where a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, occurs immediately after an 
event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, will be disregarded (to the extent that the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes have not already been redeemed in full and cancelled) and the Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or the Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, payable to Securityholders will be determined on the basis of the event triggering early 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes only. 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes  
Risk Events 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be 
redeemed pursuant to the occurrence of any Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event (together, the 
"Risk Events") in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, in either case, unless the Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are fixed recovery, on 
the value of certain specified assets of any such Reference Entities or where, if any of such events has 
occurred, on settlement the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. Any such settlement 
will be reduced to take into account any Unwind Costs and so will depend upon the level of such Unwind 
Costs. 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes to the extent that such events apply in the applicable Issue Terms. Prospective investors should 
note that not all possible Additional Risk Events are related directly to default or credit risk in respect of 
a Reference Entity or default in respect of the Reference Investor Assets and such Additional Risk Events 
may include, without limitation, the occurrence of one or more of the following: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any 
event or condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert

--- Page 279 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
253 
 
currency; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to 
residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate 
any funds from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference 
Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full 
value of any cash payment made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction 
after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency 
regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the imposition of currency 
exchange limitations; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability 
of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner 
of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof; 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event - (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
the bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a 
Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform 
in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (B) fails to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor, 
or (C) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the 
Issuer's obligations with respect to the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note(s) or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note(s); 
(d) 
a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event – in respect of Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes only, the delivery after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of a notification from 
the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer that it has 
determined that the weighted average of the Reference Assets Liquidation Value of the 
Reference Assets of each Reference Entity then comprising the Reference Registry is equal to 
or less than the Reference Assets Trigger Level of the aggregate Settlement Currency Principal 
Amount of all Reference Assets; 
(e) 
a Non-Viability Trigger Event – the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
such event as defined under and occurring pursuant to the terms of the Reference Assets 
Conditions relating to the relevant Reference Asset (including (i) any relevant authority having 
decided that without a conversion or write-off with respect to the Reference Entity, the 
Reference Entity would become non-viable; (ii) any relevant authority having decided that a 
public sector injection of capital or equivalent support is necessary with respect to the Reference 
Entity, without which the Reference Entity would become non-viable; (iii) any relevant capital 
adequacy ratio with respect to the Reference Entity falling below the relevant percentage and/or 
threshold prescribed in the Reference Assets Conditions and/or (iv) any other events (however 
described) which are similar in nature to the events described in (i) to (iii)), provided that the 
Calculation Agent may determine any such event under and occurring pursuant to the terms of 
the Reference Assets Conditions relating to such Reference Assets and/or the Reference Entity 
constitutes a Non-Viability Trigger Event; 
(f) 
a Market Value Trigger Event – the delivery after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of a 
notification from the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer 
that it has determined that on any Business Day the Fair Market Value of the Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, 
is equal to, or less than, the Market Value Trigger Level of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of such Credit Linked Notes on such date; 
(g) 
a Reference Assets Restructuring Event – the cancellation, reduction, suspension or deferral (in 
whole or in part) after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any interest, dividend or any 
other form of distribution in respect of the Reference Assets underlying the Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, on the 
due date for payment thereof (whether under the Reference Assets Conditions or otherwise) or, 
in respect of such Reference Assets, a reduction in its rate of interest, dividend or distribution

--- Page 280 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
254 
 
 
from the rate of interest, divided or distribution applicable to such Reference Assets on the Issue 
Date, in each case for any reason whatsoever; and 
(h) 
any other Additional Risk Event specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The loss incurred by an Investor may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the 
Additional Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, 
which could cause such losses to be incurred by an Investor, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any 
time during the term of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, whether or not the Additional Risk Event is ongoing or effective or has been 
remedied or cured at the time such designation has been made. 
Exposure to Reference Asset 
In respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes for which "Reference Assets Only Settlement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, following a Risk Event, the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed by valuation or delivery (as applicable) of the Reference 
Asset in respect of a Reference Entity (rather than obligations of the relevant Reference Entity generally). 
It follows therefore that returns on such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes may be adversely affected by circumstances affecting the Reference Asset 
even where other obligations of the Reference Entity are not affected. The creditworthiness or market 
value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favourable than other obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of origination, legal or validity risks, local 
access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics. Investors in the Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes should understand that their 
recovery in relation to the relevant Reference Asset may be substantially less than for more generally 
representative obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Currency Risks 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be 
payable in a currency different from the currency in which a Reference Asset is payable, and may have 
economic features equivalent to a currency derivative in which the cash flows on such Reference Asset 
are exchanged for the specified cash flows payable on the Notes.  
Investors may therefore be exposed to fluctuations in the relevant exchange rate where ongoing 
calculations under the Notes include a currency exchange rate or due to Unwind Costs which may be 
deducted on certain redemptions of the Notes (for example following a Risk Event) and which may 
include one or more components linked to the currency of the Notes and/or a Reference Asset and/or the 
costs of termination or replacement of any such embedded currency derivative and may be substantially 
affected by changes in the relative value of such currencies. 
Exchange rates can be volatile and unpredictable. Investors should be aware of the possibility of 
significant changes in rates of exchange between the currency of the Notes and the currency of a 
Reference Asset. The value of the Notes on any date may be substantially less than would otherwise be 
the case if a currency exchange rate is included in ongoing calculations under the Notes and the currency 
in which a Reference Asset is payable depreciates in value relative to the currency in which the Notes 
are payable or, if the Notes reflect an embedded currency derivative and the currency in which a 
Reference Asset is payable appreciates in value relative to the currency in which the Notes are payable 
(due to the potential deduction of Unwind Costs, which may be substantial, if the Notes are redeemed).  
Prospective investors should in particular be aware that, due to exchange rate fluctuations as well as the 
other risks set out herein and depending upon the terms of the Notes: 
(a) 
the market price of the Notes may be very volatile; 
(b) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(c) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal and/or interest payments;

--- Page 281 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
255 
 
(d) 
the relevant currencies may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; and 
(e) 
the timing of changes in a relevant currency may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations.  
In general, the earlier the change in the relevant currency, the greater the effect on yield. 
Index Skew Notes 
The Index Skew Notes are linked, through a Hypothetical Skew Transaction constituting a combination 
of (i) an index linked credit derivative transaction ("Index CDS") and (ii) individual credit default swaps 
on the Reference Entities included in the index underlying the Index CDS (the "component CDSs"). 
Where the Issuer is the protection seller under the Index CDS it is the protection buyer under the 
component CDSs, and vice versa. The value of the combined positions reflects the difference (the 
"skew") between the value of the Index CDS and the aggregate value of its component CDSs. Although 
each constituent of the Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to give rise to an equal and opposite 
payment obligation on each Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date, Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement 
Date (as applicable), no actual payments will be due from the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty or vice versa due to the application of payment netting.  
The value of an Index CDS may differ from the aggregate value of its component CDSs for several 
reasons, including (a) differences in liquidity and other characteristics in the markets for the Index CDS 
and the component CDSs; (b) differences in relevant terms of the Index CDS and its component CDSs; 
(c) factors that affect the activities of arbitrageurs; and (d) changes in the default correlation among the 
Reference Entities included in the Index CDS. 
As the notional of the Hypothetical Skew Transactions may be far greater than the principal amount 
issued under the Index Skew Notes, the value of the Index Skew Notes may be very volatile and any 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount will be linked to, among other things, the difference between the 
pricing of credit protection on the relevant index and the market levels of the constituent single name 
Reference Entities that comprise the relevant index.  
Liquidity differences may make a greater contribution to skew during periods of heightened volatility, 
as the value of the more liquid instrument(s) may change more quickly than the value of the less liquid 
instrument(s). Furthermore, during periods when transaction costs (such as funding costs and bid-ask 
spreads) to market participants increase, skew may become greater, as the increased transaction costs 
may reduce the activities of arbitrageurs (i.e. market participants that seek to profit from the skew and, 
in the process, tend to reduce it). 
Although the payments under a Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the 
application of payment netting as described above, if the Index Skew Notes were to be redeemed early 
(including pursuant to an Early Redemption Event such as a Section 871(m) Event or a Hedging 
Disruption Early Termination Event), a termination payment would be determined in respect of each 
constituent transaction within the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions and the aggregate of such 
termination payments may result in an amount being payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty or by the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty to the Issuer which could result in the Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Early Redemption Amount (as the case may be) due to Securityholders 
being reduced further if the Issuer is required to make a payment to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty 
for such termination payment or if the Issuer is subject to further Unwind Costs. 
In addition, prospective investors in the Index Skew Notes should be aware that no notifications shall be 
given by the Issuer or any other party to Securityholders following the occurrence of a Credit Event. To 
the extent that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that a Credit Event 
has occurred in respect of a particular entity, information will be published on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor 
website).

--- Page 282 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
256 
 
 
SECURITIES WHICH ARE WARRANTS OR EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
See the Section "Risks associated with Warrants and Exercisable Certificates and certain types of 
Security and product features" for a description of certain types and product features of Securities which 
are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates.

--- Page 283 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
257 
 
SECTION G.5 – FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
Subject as provided below in relation to Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities, French Law Securities, 
the Securities of each Series of Notes and Certificates, English Law Warrants and Irish Law Warrants 
will be in registered form. Registered Securities may be represented by Regulation S Global Securities, 
Rule 144A Global Securities or Combined Global Securities or may be held in dematerialised form, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. German Law Warrants will be in bearer form and will be 
represented by Regulation S Global Bearer WEC Securities (as defined in the General Conditions of the 
Warrants and Exercisable Certificates). 
Registered Securities that are not Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities or French Law Securities 
and Bearer WEC Securities 
The Registered Securities and Bearer WEC Securities of each Tranche offered and sold only in reliance 
on Regulation S, which will be sold in offshore transactions to persons that are Permitted Non-U.S. 
Purchasers outside the United States, will be represented by a "Regulation S Global Security" being: 
(i) in respect of Securities which are Notes, a Regulation S Global Registered Note Security (as defined 
in the General Conditions of the Notes and Certificates), (ii) in respect of Securities which are 
Certificates, a Regulation S Global Registered Certificate Security (as defined in the General Conditions 
of the Notes and Certificates), (iii) in respect of English Law Warrants and Irish Law Warrants, a 
Regulation S Global Registered WEC Security (as defined in the General Conditions of the Warrants and 
Exercisable Certificates) or (iv) in respect of German Law Warrants, a Regulation S Global Bearer WEC 
Security (as defined in the General Conditions of the Warrants and Exercisable Certificates).  Beneficial 
interests in a Regulation S Global Security may not be offered, sold or transferred at any time in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons other than Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers 
and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of 
French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) and such Regulation S Global Security will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
A "Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser" is a person that (i) is outside the United States at the time of any 
offer or sale of the Securities to it and is not a "U.S. person" as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) 
of Regulation S; (ii) does not come within any definition of U.S. person for any purpose under the CEA 
or any rule, order, guidance or interpretation proposed or issued by the CFTC under the CEA (for the 
avoidance of doubt, a U.S. person shall include without limitation (a) any person who is either (x) not a 
"Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for 
the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-
United States persons" or (y) not a "foreign located person" as defined in CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii) and 
(b) any person who is a "U.S. Person" or a "Significant Risk Subsidiary", or benefits from a "Guarantee", 
in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA, as such rule may be 
amended, revised, supplemented or superseded); (iii) is not a "U.S. Person" as defined in Rule 3a71-
3(a)(4) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (iv) is not, and whose 
purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee 
benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other plan 
or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code. 
The Registered Securities of each Tranche offered and sold only in reliance on Rule 144A, which may 
only be issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI and which will only be offered and sold in private 
transactions to persons that are Permitted QIB Purchasers, will be represented by a "Rule 144A Global 
Security" being: (i) in respect of Securities which are Notes, a Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Security (as defined in the General Conditions of the Notes and Certificates) or (ii) in respect of English 
Law Warrants and Irish Law Warrants, a Rule 144A Global Registered WEC Security (as defined in the 
General Conditions of the Warrants and Exercisable Certificates).  Beneficial interests in a Rule 144A 
Global Security may not be offered, sold or transferred at any time to, or for the account or benefit of, 
persons other than Permitted QIB Purchasers and such Rule 144A Global Security will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
A "Permitted QIB Purchaser" is a person that (i) is a "qualified institutional buyer" (as defined in Rule 
144A) (a "QIB"), purchasing (or holding) the Securities for its own account or for the account of one or

--- Page 284 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
258 
 
 
more QIBs and is aware that the offer and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; and (ii) is 
not, and whose purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, 
an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to 
Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee 
benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to 
Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
The Registered Securities of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on both Regulation S and Rule 
144A, which may only be issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI and which will only be offered and sold 
either in offshore transactions to persons that are Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers outside the United 
States or in private transactions to persons that are Permitted QIB Purchasers, will be represented by a 
"Combined Global Security" being: (i) in respect of Securities which are Notes, a Combined Global 
Registered Note Security (as defined in the General Conditions of the Notes and Certificates) or (ii) in 
respect of English Law Warrants and Irish Law Warrants, a Combined Global Registered WEC Security 
(as defined in the General Conditions of the Warrants and Exercisable Certificates) (each Regulation S 
Global Security, Rule 144A Global Security and Combined Global Security, a "Global Registered 
Security").  Beneficial interests in a Combined Global Security may not be offered, sold or transferred 
at any time to, or for the account or benefit of, persons other than Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers or 
Permitted QIB Purchasers and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) and such Combined 
Global Security will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. New York Law Notes will not 
be represented by a Combined Global Security. 
Each Registered Security certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be 
recorded in the Register. 
Global Registered Securities will either (i) be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a common nominee of a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (ii) in respect of Global Registered NC Securities which 
are to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the "NSS"), be deposited with a common safekeeper 
(the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper, or (iii) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of, the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") for the accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Only persons holding beneficial 
interests in Global Registered NC Securities will be entitled or required, as the case may be, to receive 
physical delivery of definitive Securities in fully registered form. 
Where the Global Registered NC Security issued in respect of any Tranche of Securities which are Notes 
or Certificates is intended to be held under the NSS, the applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether or 
not such Global Registered NC Security is intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Registered NC Securities are to be so held does 
not necessarily mean that the Securities of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria. The common safekeeper for a Global Registered NC Security held under the NSS will be either 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Global Bearer WEC Securities will be issued in bearer form and will be deposited with and held by a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Interest coupons will not be issued in 
respect of German Law Warrants. 
Each Global Security will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer described in such Global Security 
and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Swedish Securities 
Swedish Securities will be issued in dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form in accordance 
with the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts (Sw; lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) (the "SFIA Act"),

--- Page 285 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
259 
 
other applicable Swedish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, 
Euroclear Sweden. Swedish Securities will not be issued in definitive or global form. 
Swedish Securities will be registered in a register kept by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer (the 
"Swedish Securities Register") and payments of principal, interest, termination or any other amounts 
on Swedish Securities will be made by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer to the persons registered 
as holders of such Swedish Securities in the Swedish Securities Register on the fifth Stockholm Banking 
Day prior to the due date of the relevant payment. 
Finnish Securities 
Finnish Securities will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry-form in accordance with 
the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations, (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä 
ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts, (Fin. 
laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)) other applicable Finnish legislation and the rules, 
regulations and decisions applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland. Finnish Securities will not 
be issued in definitive form. 
French Law Securities 
French Law Securities will be issued in dematerialised form. French Law Securities must at all times be 
in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. French Law Securities shall constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213–5 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. 
No global or definitive French Law Securities will be issued. The French Law Securities will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. 
French Law Securities may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either: (i) bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France which shall credit the accounts of 
an accountholder (being any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts 
directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France) (the "Euroclear France 
Accountholder"); or (ii) in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, at the option of the 
Securityholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of 
a Euroclear France Accountholder (and mirroring the inscriptions in the books maintained by the Issuer 
or the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable) or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account held by Euroclear France and in the books 
maintained by the Issuer (or the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, 
if applicable). 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the applicable Issue Terms and to the extent permitted by 
applicable French law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central securities depositary 
identification information of Securityholders of French Law Securities the name or the company name, 
nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, email address 
of such Securityholders. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates  
For so long as any of the Securities which are Notes or Certificates is represented by a Global Registered 
NC Security registered in the name of a common nominee for and held by a common depositary or 
Common Safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French 
Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France), each person (other than Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear France) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) as the holder of a 
particular principal amount or number of such Securities (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Securities 
only, Euroclear France) as to the principal amount or number of such Securities standing to the account 
of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount 
or number of such Securities for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal, interest,

--- Page 286 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
260 
 
 
termination or any other amounts in respect of the Securities, for which purpose the registered holder of 
the relevant Global Registered NC Security shall be treated by the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor 
and each Agent as the holder of such principal amount or number of such Securities in accordance with 
and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Registered NC Security, and the expressions 
"Securityholder" and "holder of Securities" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Global Registered NC Security, 
DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Securities 
represented by such Global Registered NC Security for all purposes under the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
and such Securities except to the extent that, in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures, 
any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Securities which are represented by a Global Registered NC Security will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France), as the 
case may be, subject to the restrictions on transfer described in this Base Prospectus. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or in the case of French Cleared 
Securities only, Euroclear France) as the beneficial holder of a particular principal amount or number of 
Securities represented by such Global Registered NC Security must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France), 
as the case may be, for their share of each payment made by the Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor 
to the holder of such Global Registered NC Security and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
relevant Securities will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Registered NC Security 
in respect of each amount so paid. 
Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates 
For so long as any of the Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates is represented by a 
Global Security held by a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, subject as 
provided in the Conditions, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular amount of such Securities (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the amount of such 
Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in 
the case of manifest error) shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated by the Issuer, (if 
applicable) the Guarantor, the Warrant Agents, the Registrar and the Authentication Agent and all other 
persons as the holder of such amount of Securities for all purposes, subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Security, and the expressions "Warrantholder" and "holder of Warrants" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered WEC Security held by a Custodian 
on behalf of DTC, the Rule 144A Global Registered WEC Security will be registered in the name of 
Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC but this does not confer any rights or benefits on Cede & Co. or any 
other nominee of DTC in whose name a Rule 144A Global Registered WEC Security may be registered. 
Transfers of such Rule 144A Global Registered WEC Security by such nominee of DTC shall be limited 
to transfers of such Rule 144A Global Registered WEC Security, in whole but not in part, to another 
nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. Rights conferred by the Rule 
144A Global Registered WEC Security are only enforceable by the Warrantholders as provided therein. 
Subject as provided in the Conditions, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of 
DTC as the holder of a particular amount of Warrants shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated by the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and the Warrant Agents as the holder of such amount of 
Warrants for all purposes (and the expressions "Warrantholder" and "holder of Warrants" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
German Law Warrants will be issued in bearer form. Warrantholders will receive co-ownership 
participations in or rights with respect to the relevant Global Bearer WEC Securities which are 
transferable in accordance with applicable law and the rules and regulations of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
Securities which are represented by a Global Registered WEC Security or a Regulation S Global Bearer 
WEC Security will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being

--- Page 287 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
261 
 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, subject to the restrictions 
on transfer described in this Base Prospectus. 
Exchanges of Global Registered NC Securities 
A Global Registered NC Security may be exchanged in whole but not in part (free of charge) for 
definitive Registered Securities only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
An "Exchange Event" means: 
(a) 
an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 11 (Events of Default)) has occurred and 
is continuing; or 
(b) 
if the Global Registered NC Security is registered in the name of a nominee for a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the 
Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, the Issuer has been notified that Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, has/have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
has/have announced an intention permanently to cease business or has/have in fact done so and 
no successor clearing system is available; or  
(c) 
if the Global Registered NC Security is registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either 
DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the 
Securities and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a 
"clearing agency" registered under the Exchange Act and no successor clearing system is 
available; or 
(d) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Securities represented by the Registered Security in definitive form.  
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in paragraphs (a) to (c) above, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or DTC, as the case may be, acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Global Registered NC Security may give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in paragraphs (a) to (d) 
above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any exchange shall occur 
no later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Any exchanges of a Global Registered NC Security will be made upon presentation of the Global 
Registered NC Security at the specified office of the Registrar by the holder of it on any day (other than 
a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in the city of the specified office of 
the Registrar. 
Deeds of Covenant in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates and are English Law 
Securities (other than Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities) or Irish Law Securities 
In relation to English Law Securities (other than Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities) and Irish 
Law Securities, where any Security is represented by a Global Registered NC Security and (a) the Global 
Registered NC Security (or any part of such Global Registered NC Security) has become due and 
repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Securities or the Maturity Date has occurred and, in 
either case, payment in full of the amount due has not been made to the holder of an interest in such 
Global Registered NC Security through the relevant Clearing System(s) on such date, or (b) following 
an Exchange Event, the Global Registered NC Security is not duly exchanged for Registered Securities 
in definitive form by the date provided in the Global Registered NC Security, then from 8.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such date each holder of an interest in such Global Registered NC Security through 
the relevant Clearing System(s) will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on, and subject 
to, the terms of the relevant Deed of Covenant, the relevant registered holder will have no further rights 
under the Global Registered NC Security (but without prejudice to the rights any person may have under 
the relevant Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 288 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
262 
 
 
Clearing Systems 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, Euroclear 
Sweden, Euroclear Finland and/or Euroclear France shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearance system specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 289 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
263 
 
SECTION G.6 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Sweden, Euroclear Finland 
or Euroclear France (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently in effect.  
The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the 
Issuers believe to be reliable, but none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy of such information, except 
that the Issuers and (if applicable) the Guarantor accept responsibility for accurately reproducing such 
information and, as far as the Issuers and (if applicable) the Guarantor  is/are aware and is/are able to 
ascertain from information published by the relevant Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, and any other party to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Swedish Agency Agreement or the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement, as the case may be, will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Securities 
held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuers that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a banking organisation within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of 
the Federal Reserve System, a clearing corporation within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a clearing agency registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934. DTC holds securities that its participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC 
also facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions, such 
as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in 
Direct Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities 
certificates. Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, 
trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"). DTCC is the holding company 
for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which 
are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulation subsidiaries. Access to the 
DTC system is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies 
that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly ("Indirect Participants" and, together with Direct Participants, "Participants"). More 
information about DTCC can be found at www.dtcc.com. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "DTC 
Rules"), DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Securities among Direct Participants on whose 
behalf it acts with respect to Securities accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC 
Securities") as described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal, interest, termination 
or any other amounts due on DTC Securities. The DTC Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC 
Securities ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the DTC Securities similarly are required to make 
book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. 
Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Securities through Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants will not possess Registered Securities, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements 
described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be 
able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Securities. 
Purchases of DTC Securities under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, 
which will receive a credit for the DTC Securities on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each 
actual purchaser of each DTC Security ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct

--- Page 290 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
264 
 
 
Participant's and Indirect Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation 
from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations 
providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct 
Participant or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. 
Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Securities are to be accomplished by entries made on the 
books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive 
certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Securities, except in the event that use of the 
book-entry system for the DTC Securities is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Securities deposited by Participants with DTC are registered 
in the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co, or such other name as may be requested by an 
authorised representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Securities with DTC and their registration in the 
name of Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no 
knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Securities; DTC's records reflect only the identity 
of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Securities are credited, which may or may not be 
the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on 
behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants 
to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Securities within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in 
such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC 
Securities unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under 
its usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. 
The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to 
whose accounts the DTC Securities are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the 
Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal, interest, termination or any other amounts due on the DTC Securities will be made to Cede & 
Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC's practice 
is to credit Direct Participants' accounts upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail 
information from the Issuer or the relevant agent (or such other nominee as may be requested by an 
authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant payment date in accordance with their respective 
holdings shown in DTC's records. Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by 
standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of 
customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any 
statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal, interest, 
termination or any other amounts to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such 
payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the 
Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, DTC will exchange the DTC Securities for definitive Registered Securities, 
which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which 
will be legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Securities purchased or tendered, through 
its Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Securities by causing the 
Direct Participant to transfer the Participant's interest in the DTC Securities, on DTC's records, to the 
relevant agent. The requirement for physical delivery of DTC Securities in connection with an optional 
tender or a mandatory purchase will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Securities 
are transferred by Direct Participants on DTC's records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered 
DTC Securities to the relevant agent's DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depositary with respect to the DTC Securities at any time 
by giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event

--- Page 291 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
265 
 
that a successor depositary is not obtained, DTC Security certificates are required to be printed and 
delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depositary). In that event, DTC Security certificates will be printed and delivered to 
DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Securities to persons or entities that do not participate 
in DTC, or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Securities, will be required to withdraw its 
Registered Securities from DTC as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which 
their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies. It is authorised and regulated 
by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) as a central securities 
depository within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central 
securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
236/2012, the SFIA Act and as a clearing organisation within the meaning of the Swedish Securities 
Market Act (2007:528 (as amended)). Swedish Securities will be issued in registered, uncertificated and 
dematerialised book-entry form with Euroclear Sweden. No physical notes, certificates or other physical 
instruments (whether in global, temporary or definitive form) will be issued in respect of the Swedish 
Securities. All transactions relating to the Swedish Securities (such as issuance, sale and transfer, pledge 
arrangements and other dispositions and redemptions) are executed as computerised book-entry 
registrations. Consequently, in order to effect such entries holders must establish a book-entry account 
through a credit institution or a securities firm acting as an account operator at Euroclear Sweden. More 
information regarding Euroclear Sweden and its rules and operating procedures can be found at its 
internet web site at http://www.euroclear.com/sweden/sv.html.  
Euroclear Finland 
Euroclear Finland, a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies, is authorised and regulated as 
a central securities deposit within the meaning of the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing 
Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). 
Euroclear Finland holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between its account holders. Euroclear Finland 
offers clearing and settlement of securities denominated in EUR through one of its systems. The systems 
support different types of securities, equities and interest-bearing cash instruments as well as the 
respective derivatives. Euroclear Finland does not act as a qualified intermediary. 
Euroclear France 
Euroclear France is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies. It is regulated by The Banque 
de France and the Autorité des Marchés financiers ("AMF") and handles the full range of French 
government and corporate debt securities, global bonds, equities, warrants and investment funds. French

--- Page 292 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
266 
 
 
Law Securities are issued in dematerialised form. French Law Securities must at all times be in book-
entry form in compliance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
No physical notes, certificates or other physical instruments (whether in global, temporary or definitive 
form) will be issued in respect of the French Law Securities. All transactions relating to the French Law 
Securities (such as issuance, sale and transfer, pledge arrangements and other dispositions and 
redemptions) are executed as computerised book-entry registrations. Consequently, in order to effect 
such entries holders must establish a book-entry account through a credit institution or a securities firm 
having an account at Euroclear France. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Securities 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Securities represented by a Global 
Registered Security accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Global 
Registered Security, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective 
principal amounts or number of the individual beneficial interests represented by such Global Registered 
Security to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be 
designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Global 
Registered Security will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, including, in the case 
of any Regulation S Global Security or Combined Global Security, the respective depositories of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Global Registered 
Security accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only 
through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) 
and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal, interest, termination or any other amounts in respect of a Global 
Registered Security accepted by DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered 
holder of such Security.  In the case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will 
be made to the Exchange Agent or the New York Warrant Agent, as applicable, on behalf of DTC or its 
nominee and the Exchange Agent or New York Warrant Agent, as applicable, will (in accordance with 
instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial 
holders of interests in the Global Registered Security in the currency in which such payment was made 
and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the 
applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to 
believe that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by 
Participants to beneficial owners of Securities will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility 
of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any 
Agent. Payment of principal, premium, interest, termination, settlement or any other amounts, if any, on 
Securities to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Securities Represented by Global Securities  
Transfers of any interests in Securities represented by a Global Security within Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) 
will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing 
system and will be subject to the transfer restrictions described in this Base Prospectus. The laws in some 
States within the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in 
definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Securities represented by a Global Security to such 
persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Securities for Securities in definitive form. 
Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act 
on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Securities represented by a 
Global Registered Security accepted by DTC to pledge such Securities to persons or entities that do not 
participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Securities may depend upon 
the ability to exchange such Securities for Securities in definitive form. The ability of any holder of 
Securities represented by a Global Registered Security accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer such Securities may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Securities is not eligible to 
hold such Securities through a Direct Participant or Indirect Participant in the DTC system.

--- Page 293 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
267 
 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Registered Securities described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on 
the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders, 
on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through 
action taken by the Registrar (where applicable), the relevant agents and any custodian with whom the 
relevant Global Registered Securities have been deposited. 
 
On or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of any Series, transfers of Securities of such Series between 
accountholders in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Securities of such Series 
between participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date 
(T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
On or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of any Series, transfers of French Cleared Securities of 
such Series between accountholders in Euroclear France will generally have a settlement date one 
business day after the trade date (T+1) in the case of transactions conducted on trading venues. The 
customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, 
Euroclear France) have each published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers of 
beneficial interests in Global Securities among participants and accountholders of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France). 
However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such 
procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, the relevant agents and any Dealer will be responsible for 
any performance by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or in the case of French Cleared 
Securities only, Euroclear France) or their Direct Participants or Indirect Participants or accountholders 
of their obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations nor will any of them have 
any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests 
in the Securities represented by Global Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial interests. 
Euroclear UK & International Limited (CREST)  
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, indirect interests in Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates will be accepted for settlement through Euroclear UK & International Limited (formerly 
known as CRESTCo Limited and Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited) ("CREST"). Following their 
delivery into a clearing system, interests in the relevant Securities may be delivered, held and settled in 
CREST by means of the creation of CREST Depository Interests ("CDIs") representing the interests in 
the relevant Securities. The CDIs will be issued by the CREST Depository Limited (the "CREST 
Depository") to investors ("CDI Holders") pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as 
subsequently modified, supplemented and/or restated) (the "CREST Deed Poll") and will be governed 
by English Law. 
The CDIs will represent indirect interests in the interest of CREST International Nominees Limited or 
any other body appointed to act as nominee on behalf of the CREST Depository (the "CREST 
Nominee") in the relevant Securities. Pursuant to the documents setting out the legal relationship of 
CREST with its users and Participants (the "CREST Manual"), Securities held in global form by a 
common depositary may be settled through CREST, and the CREST Depository will issue CDIs. The 
CDIs will be independent securities, constituted under English law which may be held and transferred 
through CREST. 
Interests in the relevant Securities will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and 
the CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue 
CDIs to the relevant CREST participants. 
Each CDI will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were a relevant Security, for the purposes of 
determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect of such CDI. The CREST 
Depository will pass on to CDI Holders any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the 
relevant Securities on trust for such CDI Holder. CDI Holders will also be able to receive from the

--- Page 294 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
268 
 
 
CREST Depository notices of meetings of holders of the relevant Securities and other relevant notices 
issued by the Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor.  
Transfers of interests in Securities by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such Securities to 
the account of the relevant participant with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The CDIs will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the relevant Securities and if listed do not require a 
separate listing. 
Prospective subscribers for Securities represented by CDIs are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST 
International Manual which contains the form of the CREST Global Deed Poll to be entered into by the 
CREST Depository. The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the arrangements between 
CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor including 
the CREST Deed Poll (in the form contained in Chapter 8 of the CREST International Manual (as defined 
below)) executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may be different from those of holders of 
Securities which are not represented by CDIs. 
CDIs will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST International Settlement 
Links Service (the "CREST International Settlement Links Service"). The settlement of the CDIs by 
means of the CREST International Settlement Links Service has the following consequences for CDI 
Holders: 
(a) 
CDI Holders will not be the legal owners of the relevant Securities. The CDIs are separate legal 
instruments from such Securities and represent an indirect interest in such Securities. 
(b) 
The relevant Securities themselves (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in 
such Securities) will be held in account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the relevant 
Securities through a clearing system. Rights in the relevant Securities will be held through 
custodial and depository links through the appropriate clearing systems. The legal title to the 
relevant Securities or to interests in such Securities will depend on the rules of the clearing 
system in or through which the relevant Securities are held. 
(c) 
Rights under the relevant Securities cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly 
through the intermediary depositories and custodians described above. The enforcement of 
rights under the relevant Securities will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant 
intermediary. The rights of CDI Holders to the relevant Securities are represented by the 
entitlements against the CREST Depository which (through the CREST Nominee) holds 
interests in the relevant Securities. This could result in an elimination or reduction in the 
payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the relevant Securities in the event 
of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in particular where the relevant 
Securities held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible 
with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant 
intermediaries. 
(d) 
The CDIs issued to CDI Holders will be constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST Deed 
Poll. CDI Holders will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions 
of, or prescribed pursuant to, the CREST International Manual dated 8 December 2020 as 
amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the "CREST International 
Manual") and the CREST Rules dated 15 January 2021, as amended, modified, varied or 
supplemented from time to time (the "CREST Rules") (which, in each case, form part of the 
CREST Manual) applicable to the CREST International Settlement Links Service and CDI 
Holders must comply in full with all obligations imposed on them by such provisions. 
(e) 
Potential investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST 
International Manual and the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and 
undertakings to be given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the Issuer, (if 
applicable) the Guarantor and the CREST Depository. 
(f) 
CDI Holders may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The attention of

--- Page 295 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
269 
 
potential investors is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST International 
Manual and the CREST Rules, copies of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, 
London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 (0) 20 7849 0000 or from the CREST website at 
www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI. 
(g) 
Potential investors should note CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and 
expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service. These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST 
Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any 
taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or become payable in connection with 
the holding of the CDIs through the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
(h) 
Potential investors should note that none of the Issuers, (if applicable) the Guarantor, any 
Dealer, any distributor, any Paying Agent, the Registrar and any Transfer Agent will have any 
responsibility for the performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures 
governing their operations.

--- Page 296 ---
ERISA MATTERS 
270 
 
 
SECTION G.7 – ERISA MATTERS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), prescribes rules 
pertaining to the management of "plan assets" of pension and other employee benefit plans subject to 
ERISA ("ERISA Plans") and the appointment of parties who may manage such assets. Section 406 of 
ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit ERISA Plans, as well as those plans and other 
arrangements that are not subject to ERISA but that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as 
individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans (together with ERISA Plans, "Plans"), and certain 
entities in which Plans invest, from engaging in certain transactions involving "plan assets" with persons 
who are "parties in interest" under ERISA or "disqualified persons" under Section 4975 of the Code with 
respect to such Plans. 
The rules and regulations applicable under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code contain certain "look-
through" provisions. Under these provisions, if a Plan invests in an equity interest of an entity, the assets 
of the Plan will be deemed to include not only the equity interest but also an undivided interest in each 
of the underlying assets of the entity, unless an exception to the look-through rule were to apply. An 
"equity interest" is defined under the applicable rules as any interest in an entity other than an instrument 
treated as indebtedness under applicable local law that has no substantial equity features. No assurance 
can be given that the Securities will not be treated as equity interests for these purposes. The look-through 
rule would not apply if the Securities or the Issuer qualified for an exception available under applicable 
rules. If a Plan were to acquire an interest in the Securities, and no exception to the look-through rule 
were to apply, the Issuer could be regarded as a plan asset entity and its assets and transactions could be 
attributed to the Plan investor. In this event, the Plan investor could be viewed as having improperly 
delegated to the Issuer responsibility for the management of the Plan's assets, and the transactions and 
holdings of the Issuer might result in violations of the prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and Section 
4975 of the Code, as well as violations of other rules applicable under ERISA. 
In addition, certain governmental plans, church plans and non-U.S. plans (Non-ERISA Arrangements) 
are not subject to such provisions of ERISA or the Code, but may be subject to similar rules under other 
applicable laws or regulations. 
Based on the foregoing, the Securities may not be acquired or held by a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement 
or any party acting on behalf of or using the assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement. Any purchaser 
or subsequent transferee of the Securities or any interest therein will be deemed to have represented by 
its purchase or holding of the Securities or any interest therein that it is not a Plan or Non-ERISA 
Arrangement and is not acting on behalf of or using the assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement.

--- Page 297 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
271 
 
SECTION G.8 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in an amended and restated Dealership Agreement in 
respect of issuances of Notes or Certificates dated 18 November 2024 (as further amended, supplemented 
and/or restated, the "NC Dealership Agreement") between, inter alia, Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers (as defined in the 
NC Dealership Agreement) or a Dealership Agreement in respect of issuances of Warrants or Exercisable 
Certificates dated 18 November 2024 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated, the "WEC Dealership 
Agreement" and, the NC Dealership Agreement and the WEC Dealership Agreement each a 
"Dealership Agreements") between, inter alia, Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, 
CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers (as defined in the WEC Dealership 
Agreement and references herein to "Dealers" shall be to the Dealers as defined under the NC Dealership 
Agreement and/or the WEC Dealership Agreement, as relevant), the Securities will be offered on a 
continuous basis by the Issuer to the Dealers. However, each Issuer reserves the right to sell Securities 
directly on its own behalf to other entities and to offer Securities in specified jurisdictions directly to the 
public through distributors, in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations. Securities may be 
resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined 
by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. The Securities may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agent of the Issuer. The Dealership Agreements also provide for Securities to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of Securities issued by such Issuer, including in relation 
to liabilities arising under the Securities Act. Each Dealership Agreement may be terminated in relation 
to all the relevant Dealers and the Arranger or any of them by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor or, in relation to itself and Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, by any relevant Dealer or the Arranger, at any 
time on giving not less than ten days' notice. 
UNITED STATES 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Securities are advised to consult legal counsel 
prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale, delivery or other transfer of such Securities. 
Regulation S Global Securities and dematerialised Securities 
Each purchaser of Securities represented by a Regulation S Global Security (or held in dematerialised 
form) or an interest therein will, by its purchase of such Securities, be deemed to acknowledge, represent 
and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Regulation S or the Conditions of 
the relevant Securities are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that it understands and acknowledges that (i) the Securities have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), 
or the securities laws of any State thereof, (ii) the Securities do not constitute, and have not been 
marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to 
the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in 
the Securities has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
"CFTC") pursuant to the CEA, (iii) no person has registered nor will register as a commodity 
pool operator of the Issuer under the CEA and the rules of the CFTC thereunder and (iv) the 
Issuer has not registered and will not register as an investment company under the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;  
(b) 
that: 
(i) 
it is outside the United States at the time of any offer or sale of the Securities to it and 
it is not a "U.S. person" as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S;  
(ii) 
it does not come within any definition of U.S. person for any purpose under the CEA 
or any rule, order, guidance or interpretation proposed or issued by the CFTC under 
the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, a U.S. person shall include without limitation (i)

--- Page 298 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
272 
 
 
any person who is either (A) not a "Non-United States person" as such term is defined 
under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for the purposes of subsection (D) 
thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States 
persons" or (B) not a "foreign located person" as defined in CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii) 
and (ii) any person who is a "U.S. Person" or a "Significant Risk Subsidiary", or 
benefits from a "Guarantee", in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 
23.23(a) under the CEA, as such rule may be amended, revised, supplemented or 
superseded); 
(iii) 
it is not a "U.S. Person" as defined in Rule 3a71-3(a)(4) under the United States 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
(iv) 
it is not, and its purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with 
"plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, individual 
retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other 
plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to 
Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
(any person satisfying each of the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv), a "Permitted Non-U.S. 
Purchaser"); 
(c) 
that, if it is acting for the account or benefit of another person, such other person is also a 
Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser; 
(d) 
that it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, deliver or transfer any Securities, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, any person other than (1) the 
Issuer or its affiliates or (2) a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in an offshore transaction in 
compliance with Regulation S; 
(e) 
that no person which is not a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser (other than the Issuer or its 
affiliates) may at any time trade or maintain a position in the Securities, that a person entitled 
to receive an interim payment may be required to certify that both it and the beneficial owner 
of the instrument is a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser and that any person exercising an 
exercisable Security may be required to represent at the time of such exercise that it is a 
Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser; 
(f) 
that it understands and acknowledges that (i) the Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial 
owner of an interest in the Securities to certify periodically that such beneficial owner is a 
Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser; (ii) the Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of an 
interest in the Securities in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Securities; (iii) 
the Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial owner who is not a Permitted Non-U.S. 
Purchaser to (A) sell its interest in the Securities to a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or (B) 
transfer its interest in the Securities to the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer, in each case, at a 
price equal to the least of (x) the purchase price therefor paid by the beneficial owner and (y) 
the fair market value thereof; and (iv) any purported transfer in violation of the transfer 
restrictions applicable to the Securities will be null and void ab initio and will not operate to 
transfer any rights to the transferee, notwithstanding any instructions to the contrary to the Issuer 
or any agent of the Issuer; 
(g) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent Securityholder to, notify any purchaser of 
Securities from it of the resale restrictions referred to in this section; 
(h) 
that in issuing a Security linked to any Underlying, neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates is 
making, nor has made, any representations whatsoever as to the Underlying or any information 
contained in any document filed by the issuer of such Underlying with any exchange or with 
any governmental entity regulating the purchase and sale of securities or a Security linked to 
any Underlying;

--- Page 299 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
273 
 
(i) 
that the Issuer and any affiliate thereof may, whether by virtue of the types of relationships 
described above or otherwise, at the date hereof or at any time hereafter be in possession of 
information in relation to the issuer of a Underlying which is or may be material in the context 
of an issue of Securities linked to such Underlying and which is not or may not be known to the 
general public or any Securityholder. Securities linked to any Underlying do not create any 
obligation on the part of the Issuer or any affiliate thereof to disclose to any Securityholder any 
such relationship or information (whether or not confidential) and neither the Issuer nor any 
affiliate thereof shall be liable to any Securityholder by reason of such non-disclosure. No such 
information had been used in the selection of any issuer of an Underlying for any Securities 
linked to any Underlying; 
(j) 
that the Issuer and any affiliate thereof may have existing or future business relationships with 
the issuer of an Underlying (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk management, 
advisory or banking relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that it deems or they 
deem necessary or appropriate to protect its or their interests arising therefrom without regard 
to the consequences for a Securityholder of a Security linked to the issuer of an Underlying; 
(k) 
that the market value of Securities linked to the issuer of an Underlying may be adversely 
affected by movements in the value of the issuer of the Underlying or in currency exchange 
rates or general market conditions; 
(l) 
that the amount payable at maturity, upon exercise or at settlement in respect of any Security 
may be less than its issue price; 
(m) 
that each Regulation S Global Security will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS GLOBAL SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN 
AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES.  
THE SECURITIES DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, 
CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS 
THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS 
AMENDED (THE "CEA"), AND TRADING IN THE SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN 
APPROVED BY THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") 
PURSUANT TO THE CEA.  NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS 
A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE CEA AND THE 
RULES OF THE CFTC THEREUNDER.  FURTHERMORE, THE ISSUER HAS NOT 
REGISTERED AND WILL NOT REGISTER AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER 
THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED. 
CONSEQUENTLY, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS GLOBAL SECURITY 
MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, RESOLD, DELIVERED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE.  BY 
ITS ACQUISITION OF A SECURITY OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, THE 
ACQUIRER: 
(1) 
REPRESENTS THAT 
(A) 
(I) IT IS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AT THE TIME OF ANY 
OFFER OR SALE OF THE SECURITIES TO IT AND IT IS NOT A "U.S. 
PERSON" AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER RULE 902(k)(1) OF 
REGULATION S;  
(II) IT DOES NOT COME WITHIN ANY DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON 
FOR ANY PURPOSE UNDER THE CEA OR ANY RULE, ORDER, 
GUIDANCE OR INTERPRETATION PROPOSED OR ISSUED BY THE 
CFTC UNDER THE CEA (FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, A U.S. 
PERSON SHALL INCLUDE WITHOUT LIMITATION (X) ANY PERSON 
WHO IS EITHER (1) NOT A "NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" AS 
SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER CFTC RULE 4.7(a)(1)(iv), BUT

--- Page 300 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
274 
 
 
EXCLUDING, FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, 
THE EXCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS WHO ARE 
NOT "NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS" OR (2) NOT A "FOREIGN 
LOCATED PERSON" AS DEFINED IN CFTC RULE 3.10(C)(1)(II) AND 
(Y) ANY PERSON WHO IS A "U.S. PERSON" OR A "SIGNIFICANT 
RISK SUBSIDIARY", OR BENEFITS FROM A "GUARANTEE", IN 
EACH CASE AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN CFTC RULE 23.23(A) 
UNDER THE CEA, AS IN EACH CASE AS SUCH RULE MAY BE 
AMENDED, REVISED, SUPPLEMENTED OR SUPERSEDED);  
(III) IT IS NOT A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN RULE 3a71-3(a)(4) 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1934, AS AMENDED; AND 
(IV) IT IS NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE 
SECURITIES IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR WITH "PLAN 
ASSETS" OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I 
OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT 
ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 
OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE "CODE") OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN 
OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR 
REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
(ANY SUCH PERSON SATISFYING EACH OF THE FOREGOING 
CLAUSES 
(I) 
THROUGH 
(IV), 
A 
"PERMITTED 
NON-U.S. 
PURCHASER"); AND 
(B) 
IF IT IS ACQUIRING THE SECURITY OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
THEREIN FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERSON, 
SUCH OTHER PERSON IS ALSO A PERMITTED NON-U.S. 
PURCHASER; 
(2) 
AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT IT WILL NOT, AT ANY 
TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE SECURITY, OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
THEREIN, AS APPLICABLE, EXCEPT TO (A) THE ISSUER OR ITS AFFILIATES 
OR (B) A PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER ACTING FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERMITTED 
NON-U.S. PURCHASER IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE 
WITH REGULATION S AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER HAS THE 
RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF ANY SECURITY OR 
INTEREST IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING; 
(3) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE 
FOREGOING AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE SECURITY WILL 
BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT 
OPERATE 
TO 
TRANSFER 
ANY 
RIGHTS 
TO 
THE 
TRANSFEREE, 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE 
ISSUER OR ANY AGENT OF THE ISSUER;  
(4) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IF AT ANY TIME THE ACQUIRER IS NO LONGER A 
PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER, THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO (A) 
COMPEL THE ACQUIRER TO SELL THE SECURITY OR BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST THEREIN, AS APPLICABLE, TO A PERSON WHO IS A PERMITTED 
NON-U.S. PURCHASER OR (B) COMPEL THE BENEFICIAL OWNER TO 
TRANSFER THE SECURITY OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AS 
APPLICABLE, TO THE ISSUER, A DEALER OR AN AFFILIATE OF A DEALER, 
IN EACH CASE, FOR THE LEAST OF (X) THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR

--- Page 301 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
275 
 
PAID BY THE BENEFICIAL OWNER AND (Y) THE FAIR MARKET VALUE 
THEREOF; AND 
(5) 
(I) AGREES, IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY AN AGENT OF THE 
ISSUER, TO PROVIDE THE INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE 
WHETHER THE TRANSFER OF SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
SECURITY IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND COMPLIES 
WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS AND (II) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
THE ISSUER OR AN AGENT OF THE ISSUER MAY COMPEL EACH 
BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE SECURITIES TO CERTIFY PERIODICALLY 
THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER IS A PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER, 
INCLUDING CERTIFYING PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER STATUS 
HEREUNDER IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACCOUNT OR PAYMENT 
INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE BENEFICIAL OWNER IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE SECURITIES. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION MAY BE AMENDED 
OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT WITH 
NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, GIVEN IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING 
TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY.  
ANY HOLDER OF AN INTEREST IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, 
BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE THEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH 
AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND 
BINDING ON SUCH HOLDER AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON). 
(n) 
that it has been afforded an opportunity to request from the Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor and to review all additional information it considers to be necessary to verify the 
accuracy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or otherwise and the applicable 
Issue Terms and it has not relied on the Dealers or any person affiliated with the Dealers in 
connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision; 
and 
(o) 
that the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of 
the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor; and if it is acquiring any Securities 
as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Rule 144A Global Securities 
Each purchaser of Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security or an interest therein will, by 
its purchase of such Securities, be deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used 
in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or the Conditions of the relevant Securities are used 
herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that it understands and acknowledges that (i) the Securities have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), 
or the securities laws of any State thereof, (ii) the Securities do not constitute, and have not been 
marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to 
the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in 
the Securities has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
"CFTC") pursuant to the CEA, (iii) no person has registered nor will register as a commodity

--- Page 302 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
276 
 
 
pool operator of the Issuer under the CEA and the rules of the CFTC thereunder and (iv) the 
Issuer has not registered and will not register as an investment company under the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 
(b) 
that: 
(i) 
it is a "qualified institutional buyer" (as defined in Rule 144A) (a "QIB"), purchasing 
(or holding) the Securities for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs 
and it is aware that the offer and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; and 
(ii) 
it is not, and its purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with 
"plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, individual 
retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other 
plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to 
Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
(any person satisfying each of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), a "Permitted QIB Purchaser"); 
(c) 
that, if it is acting for the account or benefit of another person, such other person is also a 
Permitted QIB Purchaser; 
(d) 
that it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, deliver or transfer any Securities, directly or 
indirectly, to, for the account or benefit of, any person other than (1) the Issuer or its affiliates 
or (2) a Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A and the securities laws of each 
State of the United States; 
(e) 
that no person which is not a Permitted QIB Purchaser (other than the Issuer or its affiliates) 
may at any time trade or maintain a position in the Securities, that a person entitled to receive 
an interim payment may be required to certify that both it and the beneficial owner of the 
instrument is a Permitted QIB Purchaser and that any person exercising an exercisable Security 
may be required to represent at the time of such exercise that it is a Permitted QIB Purchaser; 
(f) 
that it understands and acknowledges that (i) the Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial 
owner of an interest in the Securities to certify periodically that such beneficial owner is a 
Permitted QIB Purchaser; (ii) the Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of an 
interest in the Securities in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Securities; (iii) 
the Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial owner who is not a Permitted QIB Purchaser 
to (A) sell its interest in the Securities to a Permitted QIB Purchaser or (B) transfer its interest 
in the Securities to the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer, in each case, at a price equal to the 
least of (x) the purchase price therefor paid by the beneficial owner and (y) the fair market value 
thereof; and (iv) any purported transfer in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the 
Securities will be null and void ab initio and will not operate to transfer any rights to the 
transferee, notwithstanding any instructions to the contrary to the Issuer or any agent of the 
Issuer; 
(g) 
it will, and will require each subsequent Securityholder to, notify any purchaser of Securities 
from it of the resale restrictions referred to in this section; 
(h) 
that in issuing a Security linked to any Underlying, neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates is 
making, nor has made, any representations whatsoever as to the Underlying or any information 
contained in any document filed by the issuer of such Underlying with any exchange or with 
any governmental entity regulating the purchase and sale of securities or a Security linked to 
any Underlying; 
(i) 
that the Issuer and any affiliate thereof may, whether by virtue of the types of relationships 
described above or otherwise, at the date hereof or at any time hereafter be in possession of 
information in relation to the issuer of a Underlying which is or may be material in the context 
of an issue of Securities linked to such Underlying and which is not or may not be known to the 
general public or any Securityholder. Securities linked to any Underlying do not create any 
obligation on the part of the Issuer or any affiliate thereof to disclose to any Securityholder any

--- Page 303 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
277 
 
such relationship or information (whether or not confidential) and neither the Issuer nor any 
affiliate thereof shall be liable to any Securityholder by reason of such non-disclosure. No such 
information had been used in the selection of any issuer of an Underlying for any Securities 
linked to any Underlying; 
(j) 
that the Issuer and any affiliate thereof may have existing or future business relationships with 
the issuer of an Underlying (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk management, 
advisory or banking relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that it deems or they 
deem necessary or appropriate to protect its or their interests arising therefrom without regard 
to the consequences for a Securityholder of a Security linked to the issuer of an Underlying; 
(k) 
that the market value of Securities linked to the issuer of an Underlying may be adversely 
affected by movements in the value of the issuer of the Underlying or in currency exchange 
rates or general market conditions; 
(l) 
that the amount payable at maturity, upon exercise or at settlement in respect of any Security 
may be less than its issue price; 
(m) 
that each Rule 144A Global Security will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS GLOBAL SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN 
AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES.  
THE SECURITIES DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, 
CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS 
THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS 
AMENDED (THE "CEA"), AND TRADING IN THE SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN 
APPROVED BY THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") 
PURSUANT TO THE CEA.  NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS 
A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE CEA AND THE 
RULES OF THE CFTC THEREUNDER.  FURTHERMORE, THE ISSUER HAS NOT 
REGISTERED AND WILL NOT REGISTER AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER 
THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED. 
CONSEQUENTLY, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS GLOBAL SECURITY 
MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, RESOLD, DELIVERED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE.  BY 
ITS ACQUISITION OF A SECURITY OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, THE 
ACQUIRER: 
(1) 
REPRESENTS THAT 
(A) 
(I) IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN 
RULE 144A) (A "QIB"), PURCHASING (OR HOLDING) THE 
SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF 
ONE OR MORE QIBS AND IT IS AWARE THAT THE OFFER AND SALE 
TO IT IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A; AND 
(II) IT IS NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE 
SECURITIES IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR WITH "PLAN 
ASSETS" OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I 
OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT 
ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 
OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE "CODE") OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN 
OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR 
REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE

--- Page 304 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
278 
 
 
(ANY SUCH PERSON SATISFYING EACH OF THE FOREGOING 
CLAUSES (I) AND (II), A "PERMITTED QIB PURCHASER"); AND 
(B) 
IF IT IS ACQUIRING THE SECURITY OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
THEREIN FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERSON, 
SUCH OTHER PERSON IS ALSO A PERMITTED QIB PURCHASER; 
(2) 
AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT IT WILL NOT, AT ANY 
TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE SECURITY, OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
THEREIN, AS APPLICABLE, EXCEPT TO (1) THE ISSUER OR ITS AFFILIATES 
OR (2) A PERMITTED QIB PURCHASER ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERMITTED QIB 
PURCHASER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A AND THE SECURITIES 
LAWS OF EACH STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND ACKNOWLEDGES 
THAT THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER 
OF ANY SECURITY OR INTEREST IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING; 
(3) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE 
FOREGOING AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE SECURITY WILL 
BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT 
OPERATE 
TO 
TRANSFER 
ANY 
RIGHTS 
TO 
THE 
TRANSFEREE, 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE 
ISSUER OR ANY AGENT OF THE ISSUER;  
(4) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IF AT ANY TIME THE ACQUIRER IS NO LONGER A 
PERMITTED QIB PURCHASER, THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO (A) 
COMPEL THE ACQUIRER TO SELL THE SECURITY OR BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST THEREIN, AS APPLICABLE, TO A PERSON WHO IS A PERMITTED 
QIB PURCHASER OR (B) COMPEL THE BENEFICIAL OWNER TO TRANSFER 
THE SECURITY OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AS APPLICABLE, TO 
THE ISSUER, A DEALER OR AN AFFILIATE OF A DEALER, IN EACH CASE, 
FOR THE LEAST OF (X) THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR PAID BY THE 
BENEFICIAL OWNER AND (Y) THE FAIR MARKET VALUE THEREOF; AND 
(5) 
(I) AGREES, IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY AN AGENT OF THE 
ISSUER, TO PROVIDE THE INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE 
WHETHER THE TRANSFER OF SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
SECURITY IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND COMPLIES 
WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS AND (II) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
THE ISSUER OR AN AGENT OF THE ISSUER MAY COMPEL EACH 
BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE SECURITIES TO CERTIFY PERIODICALLY 
THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER IS A PERMITTED QIB PURCHASER, 
INCLUDING 
CERTIFYING 
PERMITTED 
QIB 
PURCHASER 
STATUS 
HEREUNDER IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACCOUNT OR PAYMENT 
INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE BENEFICIAL OWNER IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE SECURITIES. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION MAY BE AMENDED 
OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT WITH 
NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, GIVEN IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING 
TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. 
ANY HOLDER OF AN INTEREST IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, 
BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE THEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH 
AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND 
BINDING ON SUCH HOLDER AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR

--- Page 305 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
279 
 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON). 
[UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK 
CORPORATION ("DTC"), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT AND ANY GLOBAL SECURITY ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL SECURITY OR ANY PORTION THEREOF IS 
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS 
REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY 
PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUIRED 
BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR 
OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON 
OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE 
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.]13 
(n) 
that it has been afforded an opportunity to request from the Issuer (and the CGMFL Guarantor, 
if applicable) and to review all additional information it considers to be necessary to verify the 
accuracy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or otherwise and the applicable 
Issue Terms and it has not relied on the Dealers or any person affiliated with the Dealers in 
connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision; 
and 
(o) 
that the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of 
the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor; and if it is acquiring any Securities 
as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Combined Global Securities 
Each purchaser of Securities represented by a Combined Global Security or an interest therein will, by 
its purchase of such Securities, be deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used 
in this paragraph that are defined in Regulation S, Rule 144A or the Conditions of the relevant Securities 
are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that it understands and acknowledges that (i) the Securities have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), 
or the securities laws of any State thereof, (ii) the Securities do not constitute, and have not been 
marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to 
the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in 
the Securities has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
"CFTC") pursuant to the CEA, (iii) no person has registered nor will register as a commodity 
pool operator of the Issuer under the CEA and the rules of the CFTC thereunder and (iv) the 
Issuer has not registered and will not register as an investment company under the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 
(b) 
that: 
(i) 
either: 
(A) 
(I) it is outside the United States at the time of any offer or sale of the 
Securities to it and it is not a "U.S. person" as such term is defined under Rule 
902(k)(1) of Regulation S; (II) it does not come within any definition of U.S. 
person for any purpose under the CEA or any rule, order, guidance or 
interpretation proposed or issued by the CFTC under the CEA (for the 
avoidance of doubt, a U.S. person shall include without limitation (i) any 
 
13 Applicable if 144A Global Security is to be held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC.

--- Page 306 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
280 
 
 
person who is either (A) not a "Non-United States person" as such term is 
defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for the purposes of 
subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are 
not "Non-United States persons" or (B) not a "foreign located person" as 
defined in CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii) and (ii) any person who is a "U.S. Person" 
or a "Significant Risk Subsidiary", or benefits from a "Guarantee", in each 
case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA, as such 
rule may be amended, revised, supplemented or superseded); and (III) it is not 
a "U.S. Person" as defined in Rule 3a71-3(a)(4) under the United States 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (any person satisfying each of 
the foregoing clauses (I) through (III) and also satisfying clause (ii) below, a 
"Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser"); or  
(B) 
it is a "qualified institutional buyer" (as defined in Rule 144A) (a "QIB"), 
purchasing (or holding) the Securities for its own account or for the account 
of one or more QIBs and it is aware that the offer and sale to it is being made 
in reliance on Rule 144A (any such person also satisfying clause (ii) below, a 
"Permitted QIB Purchaser"); and 
(ii) 
in either case, it is not, and its purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on 
behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the 
U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a 
plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee benefit 
plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially 
similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
(c) 
that, if it is acting for the account or benefit of another person, such other person is also a 
Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB Purchaser; 
(d) 
that it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, deliver or transfer any Securities, directly or 
indirectly, to, for the account or benefit of, any person other than (1) the Issuer or its affiliates, 
(2) a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in an offshore transaction in compliance with Regulation S 
or (3) a Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A and the securities laws of each 
State of the United States; 
(e) 
that no person which is not a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB Purchaser (other 
than the Issuer and its affiliates) may at any time trade or maintain a position in the Securities, 
that a person entitled to receive an interim payment may be required to certify that both it and 
the beneficial owner of the instrument is a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB 
Purchaser and that any person exercising an exercisable Security may be required to represent 
at the time of such exercise that it is a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB 
Purchaser; 
(f) 
that it understands and acknowledges that (i) the Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial 
owner of an interest in the Securities to certify periodically that such beneficial owner is a 
Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB Purchaser; (ii) the Issuer has the right to 
refuse to honour the transfer of an interest in the Securities in violation of the transfer restrictions 
applicable to the Securities; (iii) the Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial owner who is 
not a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB Purchaser to (A) sell its interest in the 
Securities to a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB Purchaser or (B) transfer its 
interest in the Securities to the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer, in each case, at a price equal 
to the least of (x) the purchase price therefor paid by the beneficial owner and (y) the fair market 
value thereof; and (iv) any purported transfer in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable 
to the Securities will be null and void ab initio and will not operate to transfer any rights to the 
transferee, notwithstanding any instructions to the contrary to the Issuer or any agent of the 
Issuer; 
(g) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent Securityholder to, notify any purchaser of 
Securities from it of the resale restrictions referred to in this section;

--- Page 307 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
281 
 
(h) 
that in issuing a Security linked to any Underlying, neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates is 
making, nor has made, any representations whatsoever as to the Underlying or any information 
contained in any document filed by the issuer of such Underlying with any exchange or with 
any governmental entity regulating the purchase and sale of securities or a Security linked to 
any Underlying; 
(i) 
that the Issuer and any affiliate thereof may, whether by virtue of the types of relationships 
described above or otherwise, at the date hereof or at any time hereafter be in possession of 
information in relation to the issuer of a Underlying which is or may be material in the context 
of an issue of Securities linked to such Underlying and which is not or may not be known to the 
general public or any Securityholder. Securities linked to any Underlying do not create any 
obligation on the part of the Issuer or any affiliate thereof to disclose to any Securityholder any 
such relationship or information (whether or not confidential) and neither the Issuer nor any 
affiliate thereof shall be liable to any Securityholder by reason of such non-disclosure. No such 
information had been used in the selection of any issuer of an Underlying for any Securities 
linked to any Underlying; 
(j) 
that the Issuer and any affiliate thereof may have existing or future business relationships with 
the issuer of an Underlying (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk management, 
advisory or banking relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that it deems or they 
deem necessary or appropriate to protect its or their interests arising therefrom without regard 
to the consequences for a Securityholder of a Security linked to the issuer of an Underlying; 
(k) 
that the market value of Securities linked to the issuer of an Underlying may be adversely 
affected by movements in the value of the issuer of the Underlying or in currency exchange 
rates or general market conditions; 
(l) 
that the amount payable at maturity, upon exercise or at settlement in respect of any Security 
may be less than its issue price; 
(m) 
that each Combined Global Security will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS GLOBAL SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN 
AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES.  
THE SECURITIES DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, 
CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS 
THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS 
AMENDED (THE "CEA"), AND TRADING IN THE SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN 
APPROVED BY THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") 
PURSUANT TO THE CEA.  NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS 
A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE CEA AND THE 
RULES OF THE CFTC THEREUNDER.  FURTHERMORE, THE ISSUER HAS NOT 
REGISTERED AND WILL NOT REGISTER AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER 
THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED. 
CONSEQUENTLY, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS GLOBAL SECURITY 
MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, RESOLD, DELIVERED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY 
ITS ACQUISITION OF A SECURITY OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, THE 
ACQUIRER: 
(1) 
REPRESENTS THAT 
(X) 
EITHER: 
(A) 
(I) IT IS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AND IT IS NOT A 
"U.S. PERSON" AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER RULE 
902(k)(1) OF REGULATION S; (II) IT DOES NOT COME 
WITHIN ANY DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON FOR ANY

--- Page 308 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
282 
 
 
PURPOSE UNDER THE CEA OR ANY RULE, ORDER, 
GUIDANCE OR INTERPRETATION PROPOSED OR ISSUED 
BY THE CFTC UNDER THE CEA (FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF 
DOUBT, A U.S. PERSON SHALL INCLUDE WITHOUT 
LIMITATION (I) ANY PERSON WHO IS EITHER (A) NOT A 
"NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" AS SUCH TERM IS 
DEFINED 
UNDER 
CFTC 
RULE 
4.7(A)(1)(IV), 
BUT 
EXCLUDING, FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) 
THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE 
PERSONS WHO ARE NOT "NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS" 
OR (B) NOT A "FOREIGN LOCATED PERSON" AS DEFINED 
IN CFTC RULE 3.10(C)(1)(II) AND (II) ANY PERSON WHO IS 
A "U.S. PERSON" OR A "SIGNIFICANT RISK SUBSIDIARY", 
OR BENEFITS FROM A "GUARANTEE", IN EACH CASE AS 
SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN CFTC RULE 23.23(A) UNDER 
THE CEA, AS SUCH RULE MAY BE AMENDED, REVISED, 
SUPPLEMENTED OR SUPERSEDED); AND (III) IT IS NOT A 
"U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN RULE 3A71-3(A)(4) UNDER 
THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS AMENDED (ANY PERSON SATISFYING EACH OF THE 
FOREGOING CLAUSES (I) THROUGH (III) AND ALSO 
SATISFYING CLAUSE (Y) BELOW, A "PERMITTED NON-
U.S. PURCHASER"); OR  
(B) 
IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED 
IN RULE 144A) (A "QIB"), PURCHASING (OR HOLDING) THE 
SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS AND IT IS AWARE THAT 
THE OFFER AND SALE TO IT IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE 
ON RULE 144A (ANY SUCH PERSON ALSO SATISFYING 
CLAUSE (Y) BELOW, A "PERMITTED QIB PURCHASER"); 
AND 
(Y)  
IT IS NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE SECURITIES 
IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR WITH "PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED ("ERISA"), A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT 
ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 
OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE "CODE") OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN 
OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR 
REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE; 
(2) 
REPRESENTS THAT, IF IT IS ACQUIRING THE SECURITY OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST THEREIN FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER 
PERSON, SUCH OTHER PERSON IS ALSO A PERMITTED NON-U.S. 
PURCHASER OR A PERMITTED QIB PURCHASER; 
(3) 
AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT IT WILL NOT, AT ANY 
TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE SECURITY, OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
THEREIN, AS APPLICABLE, EXCEPT TO (1) THE ISSUER OR ITS AFFILIATES, 
(2) A PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERMITTED NON-U.S. 
PURCHASER IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH 
REGULATION S OR (3) A PERMITTED QIB PURCHASER ACTING FOR ITS 
OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER 
PERMITTED QIB PURCHASER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A AND THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF EACH STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND

--- Page 309 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
283 
 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO 
HONOUR A TRANSFER OF ANY SECURITY OR INTEREST IN VIOLATION OF 
THE FOREGOING; 
(4) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE 
FOREGOING AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE SECURITY WILL 
BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT 
OPERATE 
TO 
TRANSFER 
ANY 
RIGHTS 
TO 
THE 
TRANSFEREE, 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE 
ISSUER OR ANY AGENT OF THE ISSUER;  
(5) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IF AT ANY TIME THE ACQUIRER IS NO LONGER A 
PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER OR A PERMITTED QIB PURCHASER, 
THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO (A) COMPEL THE ACQUIRER TO SELL THE 
SECURITY OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AS APPLICABLE, TO A 
PERSON WHO IS A PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER OR A PERMITTED 
QIB PURCHASER OR (B) COMPEL THE BENEFICIAL OWNER TO TRANSFER 
THE SECURITY OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AS APPLICABLE, TO 
THE ISSUER, A DEALER OR AN AFFILIATE OF A DEALER, IN EACH CASE, 
FOR THE LEAST OF (X) THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR PAID BY THE 
BENEFICIAL OWNER AND (Y) THE FAIR MARKET VALUE THEREOF; AND 
(6) 
(I) AGREES, IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY AN AGENT OF THE 
ISSUER, TO PROVIDE THE INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE 
WHETHER THE TRANSFER OF SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
SECURITY IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND COMPLIES 
WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS AND (II) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
THE ISSUER OR AN AGENT OF THE ISSUER MAY COMPEL EACH 
BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE SECURITIES TO CERTIFY PERIODICALLY 
THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER IS A PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER 
OR A PERMITTED QIB PURCHASER, INCLUDING CERTIFYING PERMITTED 
NON-U.S. PURCHASER OR PERMITTED QIB PURCHASER STATUS 
HEREUNDER IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACCOUNT OR PAYMENT 
INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE BENEFICIAL OWNER IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE SECURITIES. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION MAY BE AMENDED 
OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT WITH 
NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, GIVEN IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING 
TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. 
ANY HOLDER OF AN INTEREST IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, 
BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE THEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH 
AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND 
BINDING ON SUCH HOLDER AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON). 
(n) 
that it has been afforded an opportunity to request from the Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor and to review all additional information it considers to be necessary to verify the 
accuracy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or otherwise and the applicable 
Issue Terms and it has not relied on the Dealers or any person affiliated with the Dealers in 
connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision; 
and 
(o) 
that the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of 
the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such

--- Page 310 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
284 
 
 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor; and if it is acquiring any Securities 
as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
United States Selling Restrictions 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any State thereof.  The Securities do not 
constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options 
thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), and 
trading in the Securities has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
"CFTC") pursuant to the CEA.  No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator 
of the Issuer under the CEA and the rules of the CFTC thereunder.  The Issuer has not registered and will 
not register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
Accordingly, the Securities may not at any time be offered, sold, resold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, to any person other than (i) in the case of Regulation S Global Securities or any Securities 
held in dematerialised form, to a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in an offshore transaction in compliance 
with Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), (ii) in the case of Rule 144A Global 
Securities, to a Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 
144A") and the securities laws of each State of the United States or (iii) in the case of Combined Global 
Securities, either to a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in an offshore transaction in compliance with 
Regulation S or to a Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A and the securities laws of 
each State of the United States. 
A "Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser" is a person that (i) is outside the United States at the time of any 
offer or sale of the Securities to it and is not a "U.S. person" as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) 
of Regulation S; (ii) does not come within any definition of U.S. person for any purpose under the CEA 
or any rule, order, guidance or interpretation proposed or issued by the CFTC under the CEA (for the 
avoidance of doubt, a U.S. person shall include without limitation (a) any person who is either (x) not a 
"Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for 
the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-
United States persons" or (y) not a "foreign located person" as defined in CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii) and 
(b) any person who is a "U.S. Person" or a "Significant Risk Subsidiary", or benefits from a "Guarantee", 
in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA, as such rule may be 
amended, revised, supplemented or superseded); (iii) is not a "U.S. Person" as defined in Rule 3a71-
3(a)(4) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (iv) is not, and whose 
purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee 
benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other plan 
or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code. 
A "Permitted QIB Purchaser" is a person that (i) is a "qualified institutional buyer" (as defined in Rule 
144A) (a "QIB"), purchasing (or holding) the Securities for its own account or for the account of one or 
more QIBs and is aware that the offer and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; and (ii) is 
not, and whose purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, 
an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to 
Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee 
benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to 
Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Offers, sales, resales or deliveries of an issue of Securities, or interests therein, directly or indirectly, in 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons would constitute a violation of 
United States securities laws unless made in compliance with the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption therefrom.

--- Page 311 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
285 
 
Each Dealer will be required to agree in relation to an issue of Securities that it will not at any time offer, 
sell, resell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Securities except in accordance with the foregoing 
restrictions.  Each Dealer will also be required to agree, and any person purchasing any Securities must 
agree, to send each person who purchases Securities from it a written confirmation stating that the 
Securities are subject to the foregoing restrictions. 
Each issuance of Securities shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) may agree with the Issuer as a term of the issuance and purchase or, as the case 
may be, subscription of such Securities. Each Dealer has agreed that it shall offer, sell and deliver such 
Securities only in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
CGMFL does not intend to issue, offer or sell any Securities within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any person other than a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS IN RESPECT OF ALL SECURITIES IN RESPECT OF 
JURISDICTIONS OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as applicable other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in the European Economic Area for specified periods of time), each Dealer has represented 
and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Issue Terms to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area at any time (or, as the case may be, in any period during which the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as applicable). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Securities 
in the European Economic Area for specified periods of time), then, each Dealer has represented and/or 
agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms to the public in the European Economic Area except that it may make an offer of such Securities 
to the public in the European Economic Area: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities 
may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that 
Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Securities which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent

--- Page 312 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
286 
 
 
authority in that Member State, PROVIDED THAT any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period or periods beginning and ending on the dates specified 
in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its 
use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) to fewer than 150 natural 
or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation) in the European Economic Area, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) in any other circumstances 
falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
PROVIDED THAT no such offer of Securities referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any Securities means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Securities; and  
• 
the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as applicable other than with respect to offers of the 
Securities in the United Kingdom for specified periods of time), each Dealer has represented and/or 
agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Issue Terms to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom at any time (or, as the case may be, in any period during which the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
applicable). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities.

--- Page 313 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
287 
 
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Securities in the 
United Kingdom for specified periods of time), then, each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as 
applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and/or 
agree (as applicable), that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in the 
United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms in respect of the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities 
may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Non-Exempt Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been 
approved by the FCA, PROVIDED THAT any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by Final Terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in the period or periods 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, 
and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-Exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) to fewer than 150 natural 
or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation) in the United Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) in any other circumstances 
falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
PROVIDED THAT no such offer of Securities referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any Securities means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Securities; and  
• 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom: additional restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Securities which have a maturity or term of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it 
is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Securities 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any

--- Page 314 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
288 
 
 
Securities in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to any of 
Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and CGMFL or, in the case of the CGMFL 
Guarantor, would not if the CGMFL Guarantor was not an authorised person, apply to the 
CGMFL Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and the Financial 
Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Securities 
in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Andorra 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and any further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Securities may only be offered, marketed, sold or distributed, or 
any marketing materials distributed relating thereto in the Principality of Andorra ("Andorra") in 
accordance with the requirements set forth by the laws of Andorra, in particular: Law 7/2013, 9, May, 
on the regime for the operating entities in the Andorran financial system and other provisions which 
govern the financial activities at the Principality of Andorra ("Llei 7/2013, del 9 de maig, sobre el règim 
jurídic de les entitats operatives del sistema financer andorrà i altres disposicions que regulen l'exercici 
de les activitats financeres al Principat d'Andorra") (the "Andorran Financial Act"); and Law 8/2013, 
9, May, on the organisational requirements and operating conditions of the operating entities in the 
Andorran financial system, the investor protection, the market abuse and financial securities agreements 
("Llei 8/2013, del 9 de maig sobre els requisits organitzatius i les condicions de funcionament de les 
entitats operatives del sistema financer, la protecció de l'inversor, l'abús de mercat i els acords de 
garantia financera") (the "Andorran Financial Securities Act"); as well as or any other related 
regulations that may be in force from time to time, as further amended, supplemented or restated 
governing the issue, offer and sale of securities in Andorra. 
Accordingly, the Securities can only be publicly offered, marketed, promoted or negotiated in Andorra 
by locally licensed financial entities ("entitats operatives del sistema financer andorrà"). Dealers may 
offer or distribute exclusively the Securities to locally licensed financial entities authorised by the 
Andorran Financial Authority ("Autoritat Financera Andorrana") in accordance with the laws of 
Andorra, or sell them to Andorran professional investors, as defined in Law 8/2013, as long as the selling 
of such securities is expressly solicited by such investors. 
Argentina 
Information contained herein is not an offer, or an invitation to make offers in the Republic of Argentina. 
The offering of the Securities under the Programme has not been authorised by, and the Securities have 
not been registered with, the Argentine Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional de Valores, CNV). 
The Securities will not be offered or sold in Argentina except in transactions that will not constitute a 
public offering of securities within the meaning of Sections 2 and 83 of the Capital Markets Law No. 
26,831, as amended and supplemented from time to time. No application has been filed and no 
application will be filed to obtain an authorization from the CNV for the public offering of the Securities 
in the Republic of Argentina. 
Australia 
This Base Prospectus has not been and no prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia) in relation to the Programme or the Securities has been, or 
will be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC") or the Australian 
Securities Exchange operated by ASX Limited ("ASX"). 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that, unless the applicable Issue 
Terms (or any other supplement to this Base Prospectus) otherwise provides, it: 
(a) 
has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer for the issue, sale or purchase of 
the Securities in, to or from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a 
person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus or any 
other offering material or advertisement relating to any Securities in Australia;

--- Page 315 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
289 
 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its 
equivalent in an alternative currency, and in either case disregarding moneys lent by 
the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation does not otherwise require 
disclosure to be made to investors in accordance with Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia; 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a "retail client" for the purposes 
of Section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia; 
(iii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives in Australia 
(including, without limitation, the licensing requirements of Chapter 7 of the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia); and  
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or the ASX or any 
other regulatory authority in Australia. 
This Base Prospectus is not a disclosure document under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
of Australia or a product disclosure statement under Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of 
Australia. It is not required to, and does not purport to, contain all the information which would be 
required in a disclosure document or a product disclosure statement under the Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth) of Australia. This Base Prospectus has not been prepared specifically for Australian investors and 
it: 
• 
may contain references to dollar amounts which are not Australian dollars; 
• 
may contain financial information which is not prepared in accordance with Australian law or 
practices; 
• 
may not address risks associated with investment in foreign currency denominated investments; 
and 
• 
does not address Australian tax issues. 
Austria 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, the 
Securities may be offered for the first time in Austria only once a notification to the issue calendar 
(Emissionskalender) maintained by the Austrian Control Bank (Oesterreichische Kontrollbank 
Aktiengesellschaft) as notification office (Meldestelle), all as prescribed by the Austrian Capital Market 
Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz), as amended, has been filed as soon as possible prior to the 
commencement of the relevant offer of the Securities. 
The Bahamas 
The Securities may not be sold to persons or entities deemed resident in The Bahamas pursuant to the 
Exchange Control Regulations, 1956 of The Bahamas unless the prior approval of the Exchange Control 
Department of the Central Bank of The Bahamas is obtained. 
No distribution of the Securities may be made in The Bahamas unless a preliminary prospectus and a 
prospectus have been filed with the Securities Commission of The Bahamas (the "Securities 
Commission") and the Securities Commission has issued a receipt for each document, unless such 
offering is exempted pursuant to the Securities Industry Act and regulations of The Bahamas (as 
amended). 
The Kingdom of Bahrain 
This Base Prospectus and the Securities that shall be offered pursuant to this Base Prospectus have not 
been approved or licensed by the Central Bank of Bahrain ("CBB"), the Bahrain Bourse, the Ministry of 
Industry and Commerce ("MOIC") or any other relevant licensing authorities in the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB, the Bahrain Bourse and the MOIC of the Kingdom of Bahrain takes no responsibility for the

--- Page 316 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
290 
 
 
accuracy of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus or the performance of the 
Securities, nor shall they have any liability to any person, investor or otherwise for any loss or damage 
resulting from reliance on any statements or information contained herein. Each Dealer has represented 
and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any 
Securities and this Base Prospectus is only intended for Accredited Investors as defined by the CBB and 
the Securities offered by way of private placement may only be offered in minimum subscriptions of 
U.S.$100,000 (or equivalent in other currencies). Each Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will not make any invitation to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain to subscribe to the 
Securities and this Base Prospectus will not be issued to, passed to, or made available to the public 
generally in the Kingdom of Bahrain. The CBB has not reviewed, nor has it approved this Base 
Prospectus or the marketing thereof in the Kingdom of Bahrain. The CBB is not and will not be 
responsible for the performance of the Securities. 
For this purpose, an Accredited Investor means investors meeting the following criteria: 
(a) 
individuals who have a minimum net worth (or joint net worth with their spouse) of 
U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars), excluding that person's principal place of 
residence; 
(b) 
companies, partnerships, trusts or other commercial undertakings which has financial assets 
available for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars; or 
(c) 
Governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national monetary authorities 
or state organisations whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state 
pension fund). 
Individuals and commercial undertakings may elect in writing to be treated as Accredited Investors 
subject to meeting at least 2 (two) of the following conditions: 
(a) 
The investor has carried out trading/investing transactions, in significant size (i.e. value of 
transactions aggregating U.S.$200,000 (two hundred thousand United States Dollars)) over the 
last 12 (twelve) month period; 
(b) 
The size of the investor's financial assets portfolio including cash deposits and financial 
instruments is U.S.$500,000 (five hundred thousand United States Dollars) or more; and/or 
(c) 
The investor works or has worked in the financial sector for at least 1 (one) year in a professional 
position, which requires knowledge of the transactions or services envisaged (i.e. the position 
was professional in nature and held in a field that allowed the client to acquire knowledge of 
transactions or services that have comparable features and a comparable level of complexity to 
the transactions or services envisaged). 
People's Republic of Bangladesh (Bangladesh) 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission of 
Bangladesh ("Bangladesh SEC") and, accordingly, Securities may not be offered to a resident of 
Bangladesh. Furthermore, the Foreign Exchange Regulations Act of 1947 and the Securities & Exchange 
Ordinance of 1969 prohibits any resident of Bangladesh from holding Securities as this Base Prospectus 
has not been approved by the Bangladesh SEC and no issue of Securities has been approved by the 
Bangladesh Bank (the central bank of Bangladesh). 
By the purchase of a Security, the relevant Securityholder will be deemed to represent and warrant that 
it is not a resident of Bangladesh and, if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, each 
Securityholder will be required to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) on exercise that it is not a 
resident of Bangladesh. Securities may not be offered or transferred to a resident of Bangladesh. 
Belgium 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, please 
note that this Base Prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the Financial Services and Markets 
Authority. Accordingly, investment instruments (as defined in the law of 11 July 2018 on offerings to

--- Page 317 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
291 
 
the public of investment instruments and the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated 
markets, as amended or replaced from time to time (the "Prospectus Law")) that do not qualify as 
securities (as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), including Securities that have a maturity of less 
than 12 months and qualify as money market instruments, and that therefore fall outside the scope of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, may not be distributed in Belgium by way of an offering to the public, as 
defined in and subject to the exemptions set out in the Prospectus Law. 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specify "Prohibition of sales to consumers in 
Belgium" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
and it will not offer or sell the Securities to, any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the 
meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit 
économique), as amended from time to time, in Belgium. 
Brazil 
The Securities have not been and will not be issued or publicly placed, distributed, offered or negotiated 
in the Brazilian capital markets. None of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable), the Guarantor and the 
issuance of any Securities have been or will be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission 
(Comissão de Valores Mobiliários) ("CVM"). Any public offering or distribution, as defined under 
Brazilian laws and regulations, of Securities in Brazil is not legal without prior registration under Law 
No. 6,385, of 7 December 1976, as amended, and Resolution No. 160 issued by CVM on 13 July 2022. 
Documents relating to the offering of any Securities, as well as information contained therein, may not 
be supplied to the public in Brazil (as the offering of any such Securities is not a public offering of 
securities in Brazil), nor be used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of Securities to the 
public in Brazil. Therefore, each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree 
(as applicable), that it will not offer or sell Securities in the Federative Republic of Brazil except in 
circumstances which do not constitute a public offering or distribution under Brazilian laws and 
regulations. 
British Virgin Islands 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus together with related Issue Terms (for purposes of this section 
"British Virgin Islands" only, the Offering Documents) does not constitute an offer, invitation or 
solicitation to any member of the public in the British Virgin Islands for the purposes of the Securities 
and Investment Business Act 2010 of the British Virgin Islands, and the Offering Documents have not 
been registered with or approved by the Financial Services Commission or any other governmental or 
regulatory authority in the British Virgin Islands. Notwithstanding that Part II of the Securities and 
Investment Business Act, 2010 ("SIBA") is not, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, in force, none of 
the Offering Documents shall be distributed to or received by any person in the British Virgin Islands if 
the distribution of any of the Offering Documents to or receipt of any of the Offering Documents by that 
person shall constitute an offer of the Securities to the public for the purposes of SIBA. 
Bulgaria 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in 
relation thereto in the Republic of Bulgaria and that it has not and will not distribute or make available 
this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms in relation thereto or any other offering or publicity material 
relating to the Securities (including roadshow materials and investor presentations) in the Republic of 
Bulgaria other than as provided in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above and in addition: 
(1) 
In addition to the exemptions under Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation the following 
exemptions will apply from the requirement that such Dealer may make an offer of Securities 
to the public in the Republic of Bulgaria following the publication of a prospectus in relation to 
Securities qualifying under the EU Prospectus Regulation:

--- Page 318 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
292 
 
 
(a) 
pursuant to Article 89c of the Bulgarian Public Offering of Securities Act at any time 
where the total consideration of each offer of Securities to the public is less than the 
monetary amount of EUR8,000,000 calculated over a period of 12 months, where 
admission is requested to trading on a multilateral trading facility as defined in point 
(22) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (MTF), and 
(b) 
pursuant to Article 89d of the of the Bulgarian Public Offering of Securities Act, at any 
time where the total consideration of each offer of Securities to the public is less than 
the monetary amount of EUR8,000,000 calculated over a period of 12 months, where 
admission to trading on a regulated market or an MTF is not requested, subject to the 
approval and publication of a document for public offering by the Bulgarian Financial 
Supervision Commission. 
(2) 
No initial offering of Securities which qualify as bonds or other forms of securitised debt, is or 
will be made in the Republic of Bulgaria to more than 30 persons who are not institutional 
investors as listed in point (1) of Section I of Annex II to Directive 2014/65/EU, PROVIDED 
THAT  
(a) 
the Issuer is not a bank licensed in the Republic of Bulgaria, a bank from another 
Member State which provides services in the Republic of Bulgaria through a branch 
under the freedom of establishment or directly under the freedom to provide services 
or a branch of a bank from a third country which is licensed in the Republic of Bulgaria; 
(b) 
the issuance of Securities is one of the Issuer's main activities; and 
(c) 
the Issuer grants credits or provides other financial services by way of occupation,  
UNLESS it is an offer of such Securities to the public in the Republic of Bulgaria or admission to trading 
of such Securities on a regulated market in Bulgaria which is sought in accordance with the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and the Bulgarian Public Offering of Securities Act. 
Cayman Islands 
No invitation is made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Securities. 
Chile 
The Securities issued under the Programme are subject to Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 336, 
dated 27 June 2012, as amended by Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 452, dated 22 February 2021, 
("CMF Rule 336"), both issued by the Financial Markets Commission (Comisión para el Mercado 
Financiero) (the "CMF"). The Securities issued under the Programme may not be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, by means of a "Public Offer", as defined under Law No. 18.045, as amended (the 
"Chilean Securities Market Law") in Chile or to any resident in Chile, except as permitted by applicable 
Chilean law. The Securities will not be registered under the CExempt Offerhilean Securities Market 
Law with the CMF and, accordingly, the Securities may not and will not be offered or sold to persons in 
Chile except in circumstances which do not and will not result in a public offering under Chilean law, 
and in compliance with CMF Rule 336, as amended. Pursuant to the Chilean Securities Market Law, a 
public offering of securities is an offering that is addressed to the general public or to certain specific 
categories or groups thereof. Considering that the definition of public offering is quite broad, even an 
offering addressed to a small group of investors may be considered to be addressed to a certain specific 
category or group of the public and therefore be considered public under applicable law and, as such, 
subject to registration in Chile. However, pursuant to CMF Rule 336, the Securities issued under the 
Programme may be privately offered in Chile to certain "qualified investors", identified as such therein 
(which in turn are further described in Rule No. 216, dated 12 June 2008, of the CMF) and in compliance 
with regulations applicable to such investors. 
CMF Rule 336 requires the following information to be provided to prospective investors in Chile:  
1. 
The date of commencement of the offer and that the offer of the Securities is subject to CMF 
Rule 336, as amended.

--- Page 319 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
293 
 
2. 
The subject matter of this offer are securities not registered with the Securities Registry 
(Registro de Valores), nor with the Foreign Securities Registry (Registro de Valores 
Extranjeros) both kept by the CMF. As a consequence, the Securities are not subject to the 
oversight of the CMF. 
3. 
Since the Securities are not registered in Chile, the Issuer is not obliged to provide publicly 
available information about the Securities in Chile.  
4. 
The Securities shall not be subject to public offering in Chile unless registered with the relevant 
securities registry kept by the CMF. 
Colombia 
The Securities cannot and will not be publicly offered in Colombia, but may be "promoted" (as such term 
is defined by Article 4.1.1.1.1. of Decree 2555 of 2010) to a determined, limited number of persons (less 
than 100) in Colombia by the authorised personnel of a firm authorised to execute "promotion" activities 
of foreign securities in Colombia. The Securities have not been and will not be registered on the 
Colombian National Registry of Securities and Issuers (Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) or 
before the Colombian Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the distribution of any documentation in regards to 
the Programme will not constitute a public offering of Securities. 
Costa Rica 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with Costa Rica's General Superintendency of 
Securities or "SUGEVAL" (Superintendencia General de Valores) and, therefore, the Securities are not 
authorised for public offering in Costa Rica and may not be offered, placed, distributed, commercialised 
and/or negotiated publicly in Costa Rica. Documents relating to the offering of the Securities, as well as 
information contained therein, may not be offered publicly in Costa Rica, nor be used in connection with 
any public offering for subscription or sale of the Securities in Costa Rica. 
Republic of Cyprus 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities, except in conformity with the 
provisions of the Public Offer and Prospectus Law, Law 114(I)/2005 (as amended) (the 
"Prospectus Law") and the provisions of the Cyprus Companies Law, cap.113 (as amended) 
and only if such offer falls  within the exemptions provided under s.4(3) of the Prospectus Law; 
(b) 
it has not and will not offer or sell any Securities other than in compliance with the provisions 
of the Investment Services and Activities and Regulated Markets Law, Law 87(I)/2017 (the 
"ISARM");  
(c) 
it will not be providing from or within Cyprus any "Investment Services", "Investment 
Activities" and "Non-Core Services" (as such terms are defined in the ISARM) in relation to the 
Securities or be otherwise providing Investment Services, Investment Activities and Non-Core 
Services to residents or persons domiciled in Cyprus; 
(d) 
it will not be concluding in Cyprus any transaction relating to such Investment Services, 
Investment Activities and Non-Core Services in contravention of the ISARM and/or applicable 
regulations adopted pursuant thereto or in relation thereto; and 
(e) 
it will not sell any Securities in breach of financial and economic sanctions imposed by the 
European Union pursuant to Regulation 833/2014 and 269/2014 as amended from time to time, 
and in particular, it will not sell any Securities denominated in an official currency of an EU 
Member State issued after 12 April 2022, to any Russian national or natural person residing in 
Russia or any legal person, entity or body established in Russia, with the exception of Russian 
nationals or natural persons residing in Russia having a temporary or permanent residence 
permit in a country member of the European Economic Area or in Switzerland.

--- Page 320 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
294 
 
 
Czech Republic 
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by the Czech National Bank. No action has 
been taken in the Czech Republic (including the obtaining of the prospectus approval from the Czech 
National Bank and the admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined in section 55(1) of the Act 
of the Czech Republic No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, as amended 
(the "Capital Market Act"))) for the purposes of the Securities to qualify as securities admitted to trading 
on the regulated market in the Czech Republic within the meaning of the Capital Market Act. 
No offers or sales of the Securities may be made in the Czech Republic through a public offering 
("veřejná nabídka") (as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), except if in compliance with the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and the Capital Market Act.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions 
of the Capital Market Act, the Act of the Czech Republic No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks, as amended, the 
Act of the Czech Republic No. 240/2013 Coll., on Management Companies and Investment Funds, as 
amended or any other applicable laws of the Czech Republic in respect of the Securities and its offering 
in the Czech Republic. 
Denmark 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, each 
Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable) that it has not offered or sold and 
will not offer, sell or deliver any Securities (i) directly or indirectly in Denmark by way of public offering 
or as a private placement, unless in compliance with the Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidation Act 
No. 2014 of 1 November 2021, as amended from time to time) and the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(ii) to any retail investors (as defined in MiFID II) in Denmark, unless such offering is permitted pursuant 
to the applicable Issue Terms and any applicable provisions of the EU PRIIPs Regulation are complied 
with. 
For the purposes of this provision, an offer of Securities to the public in Denmark means the 
communication in any form and by any means and through any distribution channel of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the relevant Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
in Denmark to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Securities. 
Dominican Republic 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Market Law of the Dominican 
Republic (Ley del Mercado de Valores de la República Dominicana, No. 249-17 del 19 de diciembre de 
2017), as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time, and including any regulations 
promulgated thereunder (the "Dominican Securities Law"). The Securities may only be offered or sold 
in the Dominican Republic pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Dominican 
Securities Law, and consequently the Securities have not been offered in any public manner in the 
Dominican Republic. Accordingly, any purchaser of the Securities acknowledges and understands that 
as the same will not be subject to registration before or the supervision of the Dominican Republic 
Securities Superintendence (Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores de la República Dominicana) or 
any other authority in the Dominican Republic. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed 
(as applicable) and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that it will not offer or sell the Securities in the Dominican Republic, 
except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering under Dominican laws and regulations. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered and will not 
offer the Securities to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai 
Financial Services Authority (the "DFSA") Rulebook as amended, issued for the purposes of 
DIFC Law No. 1 of 2012 ("DIFC Markets Rules"); and

--- Page 321 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
295 
 
(b) 
made only to persons who are not individuals and meet the Professional Client criteria set out 
in the DIFC Markets Rules. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. 
The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt 
Offers. The DFSA has not approved this Base Prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set 
out in it, and has no responsibility for it. 
The Securities may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the 
Securities should conduct their own due diligence on the Securities. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, you should consult an authorized financial 
adviser. 
Ecuador 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered in the Public Registry of the Stock Market 
(Catastro Público del Mercado de Valores) nor the Quito or Guayaquil Stock Exchange (Bolsa de 
Valores de Quito or Guayaquil) and each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as 
applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not offer or sell Securities in Ecuador except through 
private transactions and under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering under book II of 
the Monetary and Financial Organic Code (Libro II del Código Orgánico Monetario y Financiero) or 
under its implementing regulations. 
El Salvador 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Stock Exchange of El Salvador (Bolsa 
de Valores de El Salvador) nor the Public Stock Exchange Registry of El Salvador's Financial System 
Superintendence (Registro Público Bursátil of the Superintendencia del Sistema Financiero de El 
Salvador) and each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), 
that it will not offer or sell Securities in the Republic of El Salvador except in circumstances which do 
not constitute a public offering or distribution under Salvadoran laws and regulations. 
Finland 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, 
Securities, including Finnish Securities, issued under the Programme may not be marketed, offered or 
sold, or this Base Prospectus be distributed, directly or indirectly to any resident of the Republic of 
Finland or in the Republic of Finland, except pursuant to and in compliance with the Finnish Securities 
Market Act (Arvopaperimarkkinalaki 14.12.2012/746, as amended) and other applicable Finnish laws 
and regulations. This Base Prospectus has not been approved by the Finnish Financial Supervisory 
Authority. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and each Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
Offer to the public not exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus in France: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities to the public non exempted 
from the obligation to publish a prospectus in France or an admission of Securities to 
trading on a regulated market in France in the period beginning (i) when a prospectus 
in relation to those Securities has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers 
("AMF"), on the date of such publication or, (ii) when a prospectus has been approved 
by the competent authority of another Member State of the EEA in accordance with 
the EU Prospectus Regulation No. 2017/1129, as amended, on the date of notification 
of such approval to the AMF in accordance with Article 25 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, and ending at the latest on the date which is 12 months after the date of 
approval of the prospectus, all in accordance with Articles 3 and 12 of the EU

--- Page 322 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
296 
 
 
Prospectus Regulation, Articles L. 412-1 and L. 621-8 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier ("CMF") and the Règlement général of the AMF ("RG AMF"); or 
(ii) 
Offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus (Private 
placement) in France: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities in France only in 
circumstances that do constitute an offer to the public exempted from the obligation to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Articles L.411-2 and L.411-2-1 of the CMF and more 
particularly to (a) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in, and in 
accordance with Article L. 411-2 1° of the CMF and Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and/or (b) a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d'investisseurs), 
other than qualified investors, provided that such investors are acting for their own 
account, in accordance with Articles L.411-2 1° and D.411-4 of the CMF and/or (c) 
investors who acquire Securities for a total consideration of at least EUR100,000 (or 
its equivalent in another currency) per investor, for each separate offer in accordance 
with Article L. 411-2-1 2° of the CMF and Article 211-2 II of the RG AMF and/or (d) 
Securities whose nominal amount or equivalent amounts is at least EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency) in accordance with Article L. 411-2-1 3° of the CMF 
and Article 211-2 III of the RG AMF. 
Guatemala 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Securities have been registered with Guatemala's National Registry 
for the Supervision of the Commercialisation of Securities (Registro del Mercado de Valores y 
Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala) and, therefore, no Securities may be publicly offered in 
Guatemala or through Guatemalan broker/dealers. 
The Securities are being placed privately or publicly in several markets outside of Guatemala, and 
Guatemalan residents interested in acquiring the Securities must accept (preferably) in writing that they 
are the ones making the approach to purchase such Securities, and must do it through the services of 
broker dealers active in those markets, and enter into transactions under laws other than Guatemalan law. 
Neither the Regulations for Initial Public Offerings and Sale of Securities contained in the Law of the 
Securities and Commodities Market (Ley del Mercado de Valores y Mercancias) nor any other 
Guatemalan Law or Regulation, nor the obligations regarding the information or risk rating applicable to 
securities registered with the Registro de Valores y Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala apply to 
the Securities or any offering thereof. 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not offer or sell 
Securities publicly in the Republic of Guatemala. The Guatemalan Registro de Valores y Mercancias de 
la Republica de Guatemala has not reviewed or approved this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus 
may not be publicly distributed in Guatemala, nor shall any advertising of this Base Prospectus take place 
in the territory of the Republic of Guatemala. 
Guatemalan residents may be subject to Guatemalan tax laws. 
Honduras 
Neither the Issuers nor any Securities issued under the Programme have been, nor will they be, registered 
with the Honduran Securities Market Public Registry (Registro Público de Mercado de Valores) and 
therefore, no Securities may be publicly offered in Honduras and each Dealer has represented and/or 
agreed (as applicable), and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it will comply with all applicable law and will not offer or sell 
Securities publicly in Honduras. The Honduran National Banking and Insurance Commission has not 
reviewed or approved this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus may not be publicly distributed in 
Honduras, nor shall any advertising of this Base Prospectus take place in the territory of the Republic of 
Honduras, nor through electronic means that are aimed specifically to people in the Honduran territory.

--- Page 323 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
297 
 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable) that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China (Hong Kong), by means of any document, any 
Securities (except for Securities which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than (i) where Securities 
are shares or debentures offered by a corporation incorporated outside Hong Kong only, to 
persons whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or 
agent); or (ii) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the 
SFO; or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" 
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) 
of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the 
meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to any Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Securities which are or are intended 
to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Hungary 
In addition to the rules applicable to the EEA as described above, in connection with any private 
placement in Hungary, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that (i) all written documentation prepared in 
connection with a private placement in Hungary will clearly indicate that it is a private placement, (ii) it 
will ensure that all investors receive the same information which is material or necessary to the evaluation 
of the Issuer's current market, economic, financial and legal situation and its expected development, 
including that which was discussed in any personal consultation with an investor, and (iii) the following 
standard wording will be included in all such written communication: 
"PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 OF ACT CXX OF 2001 ON THE CAPITAL MARKETS, THIS 
[NAME OF DOCUMENT] WAS PREPARED IN CONNECTION WITH A PRIVATE PLACEMENT 
IN HUNGARY." 
Republic of India ("India") 
The Issuer has not authorised any offer of any Securities in India, or for the account or benefit of any 
Indian Resident, either directly or indirectly, by means of any document (where "Indian Resident" has 
the meaning given by the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, read with the rules, regulations and 
notifications thereunder, each as may be amended from time to time ("FEMA")).  
Unless otherwise specified, no Securities are offered, made available for subscription or sold pursuant to 
the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules thereunder (each as may be amended from time to time) ("Indian 
Companies Act"), the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as amended, the rules, 
regulations and guidelines made thereunder or under any Indian law or regulations. Securities may not 
lawfully be offered, subscribed for by, sold to or held, whether directly or indirectly, by any Indian 
Resident and by the purchase of a Security, the relevant holder will be deemed to represent and warrant 
that it is not an Indian Resident. 
Communications relating to Securities may only be made to (i) persons resident outside India and (ii) 
entities which do not qualify as an Indian Resident. Communications relating to the issue of Securities 
or any material relating to Securities, including this Base Prospectus, will not be circulated or distributed 
directly or indirectly and have not been circulated or distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person or 
the public or any member of the public in India or otherwise generally distributed or circulated in India, 
in circumstances which would constitute an advertisement, invitation, sale or solicitation of an offer to

--- Page 324 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
298 
 
 
subscribe for or purchase any securities to the public within the meaning of the Indian Companies Act, 
and other applicable Indian law for the time being in force. This Base Prospectus has not been and will 
not be submitted or registered as a prospectus in India, and has not been and will not be reviewed, 
approved, or recommended by any Registrar of Companies in India, the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India ("SEBI"), the Reserve Bank of India, any stock exchange in India or any other Indian statutory 
or regulatory authority. In relation to Securities relating to Indian securities, in addition to the 
requirements specified above, communications relating to such Securities may only be made to entities 
which are eligible for registration as 'Category I foreign portfolio investors' in accordance with 
Regulation 21(1) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) 
Regulations, 2019 (as may be amended from time to time) ("FPI Regulations"), provided that where 
such entity has an investment manager who is from a Financial Action Task Force member country, the 
investment manager shall not be required to be registered as a 'Category I foreign portfolio investor', and 
by the purchase of a Security relating to Indian securities, the relevant holder will be deemed to represent 
and warrant that it is so eligible. 
Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings 
Where "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms and/or the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
APAC Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are Indian 
Participation Certificates, the holders thereof should note that the terms of the Securities will require 
them to make certain representations, warranties, undertaking and/or agreements (as applicable) as 
further detailed below and in the APAC Compliance Schedule: 
The Indian government imposes upon foreign portfolio investors in India certain restrictions in 
connection with their investment in the Indian securities and derivatives market and in their transactions 
with counterparties. In particular, the Indian government requires such foreign portfolio investors to 
comply with certain know-your-client obligations. In order to fulfil these obligations, certain 
acknowledgements, representations, warranties and undertakings are required from the holders of 
Securities in connection with any transaction with the holders of Securities in respect of any Securities. 
Accordingly, by the purchase of any Securities, each holder of a Security will be deemed to have 
represented, warranted, acknowledged, agreed and/or undertaken (as applicable) that: 
On the date of purchase and on each day the Securities are being held, each holder of Securities will be 
deemed to represent, warrant and/or acknowledge (as applicable) that its purchase of the Securities is in 
full compliance with the following selling restrictions and it undertakes to comply with and agrees to the 
selling restrictions below (or if any holder of Securities is a broker-dealer acting on behalf of a client or 
other professional fiduciary acting on behalf of a discretionary or similar account held for the benefit or 
account of a client, such holder of Securities will be deemed to represent, warrant and undertake that 
such client has confirmed to such holder of Securities that such client represents, warrants, acknowledges, 
agrees and/or undertakes (as applicable) that): 
1. 
It is not (i) an "Indian Resident" or (ii) a "Non-Resident Indian" or (iii) an "Overseas Citizen of 
India" (each of (i),(ii) and (iii) a "Restricted Entity") or (iv) a "Category II foreign portfolio 
investor" in terms of the FPI Regulations (a "Prohibited Entity"); 
2. 
It is not a person/entity wherein: 
(a) 
contribution of a single Restricted Entity is 25 per cent. or above of the total 
contribution in its corpus; or 
(b) 
aggregate contribution of Restricted Entities is 50 per cent. or above of the total 
contribution in its corpus; or 
(c) 
A Restricted Entity is in control of it, except where: 
(i) 
it is an "offshore fund" for which a no-objection certificate has been provided 
by SEBI in terms of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) 
Regulations, 1996 (as amended from time to time); or 
(ii) 
it is controlled by investment managers (which are controlled and/ or owned 
by a Restricted Entity) who are either (i) Appropriately Regulated in their

--- Page 325 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
299 
 
respective home jurisdiction and registered with SEBI as non-investing 
foreign portfolio investors; or (ii) incorporated or set up under Indian laws and 
appropriately registered with SEBI. 
For the purposes of this representation, an "investment manager" means an entity 
performing the role of investment management, investment advisory or any equivalent 
role, including trustee. 
For the purpose of this representation, "control" includes the right to appoint a majority 
of the directors or to control the management or policy decisions exercisable by a 
person or persons acting individually or in concert, directly or indirectly, including by 
virtue of their shareholding or management rights or shareholders agreements or voting 
agreements or in any other manner; 
(d) 
its beneficial owner is a Restricted Entity or a Prohibited Entity. 
(For the purposes of this representation, the term "beneficial owner" shall be as 
provided under sub rule (3) of rule 9 of the Prevention of Money-laundering 
(Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 (the "PML Maintenance of Records Rules") 
read with the provisions of the Master Circular for Foreign Portfolio Investors, 
Designated Depository Participants and Eligible Foreign Investors, as notified by SEBI 
master circular no. SEBI/HO/AFD/AFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/70 dated 30 May 2024 
("SEBI Master Circular"), and the relevant provisions of the FPI Regulations, each 
as supplemented, amended and modified from time to time); 
3. 
Where an Indian Resident (being an individual) is a constituent of the holder of Securities, the 
contribution of resident Indian individuals shall have been made through the Liberalised 
Remittance Scheme ("LRS") notified by the Reserve Bank of India and shall have been in global 
funds whose Indian exposure is less than 50 per cent; 
4. 
Where Indian Residents (other than individuals) are constituents of the holder of Securities: 
(i) 
(a) such Indian Resident is an eligible fund manager of the holder of Securities, as 
provided under sub-section (4) of section 9A of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961); 
and (b) such holder of Securities is an eligible investment fund as provided under sub-
section (3) of section 9A of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961) which has been 
granted approval under the Income Tax Rules, 1962; or 
(ii) 
(a) the holder of the Securities is an Alternative Investment Fund set up in the 
International Financial Services Centres and regulated by the International Financial 
Services Centres Authority; (b) such Indian Resident is a sponsor or manager of the 
holder of Securities; and (c) the contribution of such Indian resident shall be up to 2.5 
per cent. of the corpus of the holder of Securities or U.S.$ 750,000 (whichever is 
lower), if the holder of Securities is a Category I or Category II Alternative Investment 
Fund; or 5 per cent. of the corpus of the holder of Securities or U.S.$ 1.5 million 
(whichever is lower), if the holder of Securities is a Category III Alternative Investment 
Fund. 
5. 
It agrees and undertakes to comply with the requirements set out in paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 above 
at all times and it shall rectify any breach of the conditions therein within a prescribed period 
(which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, means a period of 90 days) as may be permitted 
under relevant applicable laws (including, without limitation, any legislations, rules, 
regulations, notifications, circulars or guidelines), or, upon issue of any orders or directives to 
that effect, from time to time, from the date of occurrence of such breach. If the breach is not 
rectified within this time period, it shall take all steps as may be required by the Issuer, including, 
if required, to ensure that the Securities is terminated immediately and in the manner required 
by the Issuer.  
6. 
It is: 
(a) 
a resident of a country whose securities market regulator is a signatory to the 
International Organization of Securities Commission's Multilateral Memorandum of

--- Page 326 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
300 
 
 
Understanding (Appendix A Signatories) ("IOSCO MMOU") or a signatory to a 
bilateral Memorandum of Understanding with the SEBI,  
provided that in case of a country where there are separate securities market regulators 
for different provinces/states within that country, it is a resident of a province/state 
whose securities market regulator is a signatory to the IOSCO MMOU or has entered 
into a Bilateral Memorandum of Understanding with SEBI, or in the case of a holder 
being Government or Government related investor, a resident of a country otherwise 
approved by the Government of India for the purposes of registration of foreign 
portfolio investors. Provided that this representation is not applicable to holders of 
Securities that have been incorporated or established in an "International Financial 
Service Centre", which shall have the same meaning as assigned to it in clause (q) of 
section 2 of the Special Economic Zones Act, 2005 (as may be amended from time to 
time); or 
(b) 
where it is a bank (not being a central bank), a resident of a country whose central bank 
is a member of the Bank for International Settlements,  
provided that this representation is not applicable to holders of Securities that have 
been incorporated or established in an "International Financial Service Centre" which 
shall have the same meaning as assigned to it in clause (q) of section 2 of the Special 
Economic Zones Act, 2005 (as may be amended from time to time); 
7. 
It, as well as its underlying investor(s) contributing more than the threshold prescribed under 
sub-rule 3 of rule 9 of PML Maintenance of Records Rules in its corpus or identified on the 
basis of control are not mentioned in the Sanctions List notified by the United Nations Security 
Council; 
8. 
It, as well as its underlying investor(s) contributing more than the threshold prescribed under 
sub-rule (3) of rule 9 of the PML Maintenance of Records Rules in its corpus or identified on 
the basis of control, is not resident in a country identified in the public statement of Financial 
Action Task Force as (i) a jurisdiction having a strategic Anti-Money Laundering or Combating 
the Financing of Terrorism deficiencies to which counter measures apply; or (ii) a jurisdiction 
that has not made sufficient progress in addressing the deficiencies or has not committed to an 
action plan developed with the Financial Action Task Force to address the deficiencies; 
9. 
Where it is a multi-class share vehicle by constitution and has more than one class of shares or 
sub-funds or an equivalent structure, either (i) a common portfolio is being maintained for all 
classes of shares or sub-funds or equivalent structure, or (ii) a segregated portfolio is being 
maintained for separate classes of shares or sub-funds or equivalent structure; and that in the 
case of a segregated portfolio, the holder has, in the past, submitted beneficial ownership details 
in compliance with applicable law, and shall provide details of beneficial owners for each 
fund/sub-fund/share class/equivalent structure that invests in India, as may be sought by the 
Issuer, associates and/or its affiliates; 
10. 
The relevant Securities do not violate any applicable laws (including, without limitation, any 
legislations, rules, regulations, notifications, circulars or guidelines), or, any orders or directives, 
which may be issued from time to time, including in relation to its eligibility and permissibility 
of it to transact in Securities; 
11. 
The relevant Securities have been purchased (and are being held by) or have been entered into 
by it as a principal for its own account and not as an agent, nominee, trustee or representative of 
any other person/entity and that it has not entered into any agreement or arrangement for the 
issuance of a back to back offshore derivative instrument ("ODI") (as such term is defined for 
the purposes of the FPI Regulations and notifications, circulars, rules and guidelines of the SEBI 
issued from time to time as may be amended from time to time against the relevant Securities; 
12. 
It has not entered into the relevant Security transaction(s), or will not deal in the Securities, with 
the intent of circumventing or otherwise avoiding any requirements applicable under any laws 
applicable in India (including, without limitation, the FPI Regulations and any restrictions 
applying to foreign portfolio investors in relation to their issuances and/or other dealings of or

--- Page 327 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
301 
 
in Securities with, Restricted Entities, Prohibited Entities and Ineligible Entities (as hereinafter 
defined) or laws governing dealing in the securities market, including the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to 
Securities Markets) Regulations, 2003 and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, each as amended from time to time, 
together with any modifications thereto or re-enactments thereof); 
13. 
It also confirms that subscribing to the relevant Securities would not result in Ineligible Entities 
indirectly subscribing to or dealing in Securities in contravention of Regulation 21 of the FPI 
Regulations; 
14. 
It shall notify the Issuer immediately, as soon as it becomes ineligible for registration as a 
"Category I foreign portfolio investor" in terms of the FPI Regulations, and shall take all steps 
as may be required by the Issuer, including, if required, to ensure that the Securities are 
terminated immediately and in the manner required by the Issuer. Further, in the event it has an 
investment manager who is from the Financial Action Task Force member country, and 
therefore the investment manager is not required to be registered as a Category I foreign 
portfolio investor as permitted under the FPI Regulations, it undertakes and agrees to provide 
such information and documents as may be requested by the Issuer from time to time in relation 
to the relationship between itself and its investment manager; 
15. 
It is an Eligible Entity as defined in Annex A to these "Indian Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings"; 
16. 
It is a fit and proper person based on the criteria specified in Schedule II of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Intermediaries) Regulations, 2008 (as may be amended from time to 
time); 
17. 
It has not been restricted or constrained (including, without limitation, by any authority, 
regulator or court), from investing in its home country or overseas, or, convicted of any money 
laundering related offence; 
18. 
It undertakes and agrees to provide such information and documents (including in relation to 
any procedures on identification and verification of identity) as may be requested by the Issuer 
from time to time in relation to its beneficial owners, as set out below. For the purposes of this 
paragraph the term "beneficial owner" shall be as provided under sub rule (3) of Rule 9 of the 
PML Maintenance of Records Rules read with the provisions of the Master Circular and the 
relevant provisions of the FPI Regulations, each as amended and modified from time to time: 
(a) 
Where it is a company (other than a company listed on a stock exchange in India or 
resident in and listed on stock exchanges of jurisdictions notified by the Government 
of India, or a subsidiary of such listed company), natural person(s), who, whether 
acting alone or together, or through one or more juridical person, has a controlling 
ownership interest or exercises control through other means. For the purposes of this 
paragraph, "controlling ownership interest" shall have the same meaning as set out 
in clause (a) of sub rule (3) of Rule 9 of the PML Maintenance of Records Rules, 
which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, means ownership of or entitlement to 
more than 10 per cent. of shares or capital or profits of the company; and "control" 
shall have the same meaning as set out in clause (a) of sub rule (3) of Rule 9 of the 
PML Maintenance of Records Rules, which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
includes the right to appoint a majority of the directors or to control the management 
or policy decisions including by virtue of their shareholding or management rights or 
shareholders agreements or voting agreements; 
(b) 
Where it is a trust, beneficial owners shall be identified on the basis of the author of 
the trust, the trustees, beneficiaries with 10 per cent. or more interest in it and any other 
natural person exercising ultimate effective control over the trust through a chain of 
control or ownership;

--- Page 328 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
302 
 
 
(c) 
Where it is a partnership firm, natural person(s) who, whether acting alone or together, 
or through one or more juridical person, has ownership of/entitlement to more than 10 
per cent. of capital or profits of the partnership or who exercises control through other 
means. For the purpose of this clause, "Control" shall have the meaning as set out in 
clause (b) of sub-rule (3) of rule 9 of the PML Maintenance of Records Rules which, 
as on the date of the Base Prospectus, shall include the right to control the management 
or policy decision; and 
(d) 
Where it is an unincorporated association or a body of individuals, a natural person 
who, whether acting alone or together, or through one or more juridical person, has 
ownership of or entitlement to more than 15 per cent. of the property or capital or 
profits of such association or body of individuals; 
Provided that, for the purpose of (a), (c) and (d) above, where no natural person is the beneficial 
owner, the beneficial owner shall be the relevant natural person who holds the position of senior 
managing official. 
19. 
It also undertakes and agrees that where no beneficial owner is identified by applying the 
thresholds under paragraph 18 above, it shall provide such information and documents 
(including in relation to any procedures on identification and verification of identity) as may be 
requested by the Issuer including in relation to the natural person who holds the position of its 
senior managing official (meaning individual(s) as designated by the holder who holds a senior 
management position and makes key decisions relating to such holder); 
20. 
It shall not, and shall ensure that none of its nominees, associates or affiliates shall sell, transfer, 
assign, novate or otherwise dispose of any Security or any interest in any Security to, or enter 
into any agreement or arrangement for the issuance of back-to-back ODIs against the relevant 
Security or enter into an agreement or arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing (each, 
a "Transfer") with, any person/entity which is a Restricted Entity, a Prohibited Entity or any 
person/entity which is not an Eligible Entity (an "Ineligible Entity"). Save for any Transfer(s) 
to a Pre-Approved Transferee (as defined below) pursuant to paragraph 21 below, prior to any 
Transfer being undertaken in respect of any Security: 
(a) 
the prior written consent of the Issuer and/or the Issuer's associates/affiliates shall be 
obtained by it and; 
(i) 
it shall issue a written notice ("Transfer Notice") to the Issuer in such form 
as the Issuer may determine for the purpose of obtaining such prior written 
consent; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer and/or the Issuer's associates/affiliates shall have absolute discretion 
in granting or withholding such prior written consent; 
(b) 
upon receipt of the Transfer Notice, the Issuer, its associates and affiliates shall have 
the right to require the person/entity to whom the Transfer is proposed to be made 
("Proposed Transferee") to provide, and it shall procure that the Proposed Transferee 
promptly provides, the Issuer or the Issuer's associates/affiliates (as the case may be) 
with all such information that the Issuer or the Issuer's associates/affiliates (as the case 
may be) may require with respect to its or their client on-boarding programme, policies 
or procedures, anti-money laundering programme, or other such programme (as the 
case may be) (collectively, "Client Identification Programme"); and 
(c) 
the Proposed Transferee shall issue a written undertaking ("Transferee 
Undertaking") to the Issuer or its associates/affiliates in such form as the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates may determine. 
For the avoidance of doubt it is clarified that this paragraph 20 shall not apply: (i) in the event 
the Transfer is pursuant to a direct sale and purchase of the Securities to and by the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates, or (ii) to the registration on its behalf of any Security in the name of any 
custodian, sub-custodian or nominee. Further, a Proposed Transferee who has obtained the

--- Page 329 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
303 
 
written consent of the Issuer or its associates/affiliates in respect of a Transfer pursuant to this 
paragraph 20 shall for the purposes hereof hereafter constitute a "Pre-Approved Transferee"; 
21. 
In the case where it or its nominees, associates or affiliates sell, transfer, assign, novate or 
otherwise dispose of any Security, or any interest in any Security, to, or enter into any back-to-
back ODI or enter into an agreement or arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing with, 
a Pre-Approved Transferee (a "Pre-Approved Transferee Transfer"), it shall issue a written 
notice to the Issuer in such form as the Issuer may determine within two (2) Hong Kong business 
days after the Pre-Approved Transferee Transfer; 
22. 
The Issuer and its associates/affiliates are authorised to provide information in their possession 
regarding it, each Proposed Transferee, its nominees or associates/affiliates and/or the Proposed 
Transferee, each Security transaction and any breach of the terms of these "Indian Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" to any Indian governmental or regulatory 
authority (each an "Authority") as the Issuer or its associates/affiliates reasonably deem 
necessary or appropriate in order to comply with regulations or requests of such Authority from 
time to time, including but not limited to disclosures in periodic reporting made by the Issuer or 
its associates/affiliates to any Authority; 
23. 
In the case where it changes investment manager/advisers/sub-manager/sub-advisers (each, a 
"Manager/Adviser Transfer"), it shall issue a written notice to the Issuer in such form as the 
Issuer may determine thirty (30) Hong Kong business days prior to the Manager/Adviser 
Transfer; 
24. 
It agrees and undertakes to pay such fees, as sought by the Issuer, in terms of the applicable laws 
(including, without limitation, any legislations, rules, regulations, notifications, circulars or 
guidelines), or, any orders or directives, which may be issued from time to time, including in 
relation to the subscription for Securities; 
25. 
It shall ensure that investment (including, synthetically through Securities) by it, whether 
directly in its own name as a foreign portfolio investor or as an ODI subscriber, or by entities in 
the Investor Group (as such term is defined in Annex A to these "Indian Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings") to which it belongs, in equity shares of each 
Indian company is below ten per cent. of the total issued capital of such company on a fully 
diluted basis and it shall provide information in this regard to the Issuer, as and when and in 
such form and manner as may be required; 
26. 
It shall procure its nominees or associates/affiliates to provide the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates (as the case may be) promptly with such additional information that the 
Issuer or its associates/affiliates (as the case may be) reasonably deems necessary or appropriate 
in order to comply with regulations or requests of any Authority from time to time; 
27. 
It acknowledges that non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of, any terms 
or obligations under these "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" 
(including, without limitation, any restrictions with respect to a Transfer) ("Securityholder 
Obligations") may result in non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of, 
applicable laws, rules, regulations, governmental orders or directions, or in regulatory sanctions 
or other actions against any Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates and may cause irreparable harm 
to any Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates. Accordingly, it further acknowledges that, in the 
event of any non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of any Securityholder 
Obligations by it, the Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates may notify any Authority of any such 
breach, violation or contravention and exercise any rights and take any measures available to it 
under the terms of any Security or these "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings", or any other measures to prevent, avoid, mitigate, remedy or cure such non-
compliance, breach, violation or contravention, including but not limited to termination of the 
Securities by the issuer or its associates/affiliates; 
28. 
These "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" replace and subsume 
any previous "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" undertaken 
or agreed to by it;

--- Page 330 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
304 
 
 
29. 
The Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates may, to the extent required to comply with applicable 
laws, regulations, notifications, circulars, rules, guidelines, clarifications, directions, orders 
and/or decrees issued by a governmental or regulatory authority, issue a written notice to it, 
unilaterally amending the terms of these "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings" and such written notice shall be effective and deemed agreed and accepted by it 
when issued; 
30. 
It shall promptly notify the Issuer or its associates/affiliates should any of the representations, 
warranties, acknowledgements, agreements and undertakings and material information given by 
it, whether in respect of it or otherwise, be in breach, change or no longer hold true after the 
purchase of the relevant Securities; and 
31. 
All the provisions of these "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" 
shall survive the termination of any Security which is the subject matter of these "Indian 
Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings". 
The paragraphs above being the "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings".  
As used above, the following terms shall bear the meanings given to them below: 
ANNEX A 
Definitions 
"Appropriately Regulated" as the term is defined in Regulation 2(1)(b) of the FPI Regulations, which, 
as of the date, means a person regulated by the securities market regulator or the banking regulator of 
home jurisdiction or otherwise, in the same capacity in which it proposes to make investments in India. 
A person under bank category (other than a central bank) would be deemed to be appropriately regulated 
if it is regulated by the unified financial sector regulator in its home jurisdiction or by a banking sector 
regulator in its home jurisdiction. Insurance and reinsurance entities shall be deemed to be appropriately 
regulated for the purpose of the Regulations, if they are regulated or supervised by the relevant regulator 
in their concerned foreign jurisdiction in the same capacity in which they propose to make investments 
in India. 
"Non-resident Indian" as the term is defined in Rule 2(aj) of the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-
debt Instruments) Rules 2019 ("FEMA Non-debt Rules") means an individual resident outside India 
who is a citizen of India. 
"Person" includes: 
(i) 
an individual; 
(ii) 
a Hindu Undivided Family; 
(iii) 
a company; 
(iv) 
a firm; 
(v) 
an association of persons or a body of individuals, whether incorporated or not; and 
(vi) 
a local authority 
(vii) 
every artificial juridical person, not falling within any of the preceding sub-clauses.; 
and 
(viii) 
any agency, office or branch owned or controlled by such person. 
"Indian Resident" means a Person resident in India in terms of Section 2(v) of FEMA as set out below: 
(i) 
a person residing in India for more than one hundred and eighty-two (182) days during 
the course of the preceding financial year but does not include:

--- Page 331 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
305 
 
(ii) 
a person who has gone out of India or who stays outside India, in either case: 
(iii) 
for or on taking up employment outside India, or 
(iv) 
for carrying on outside India a business or vocation outside India, or 
(v) 
for any other purpose, in such circumstances as would indicate his intention to stay 
outside India for an uncertain period; 
(vi) 
a person who has come to or stays in India, in either case, otherwise than: 
(vii) 
for or on taking up employment in India, or 
(viii) 
for carrying on in India a business or vocation in India, or 
(ix) 
for any other purpose, in such circumstances as would indicate his intention to stay in 
India for an uncertain period; 
(x) 
any person or body corporate registered or incorporated in India; 
(xi) 
an office, branch or agency in India owned or controlled by a person resident outside 
India; 
(xii) 
an office, branch or agency outside India owned or controlled by a person resident in 
India. 
"Eligible Entity" shall refer to: 
(i) 
Government and Government related investors such as central banks, sovereign wealth 
funds, international or multilateral organisations or agencies including entities 
controlled or at least 75 per cent. directly or indirectly owned by such Government and 
Government related investor(s); 
(ii) 
Pension funds and university funds; 
(iii) 
Appropriately Regulated entities such as insurance or reinsurance entities, banks, asset 
management companies, investment managers, investment advisors, portfolio 
manager, broker dealers and swap dealers; 
(iv) 
Entities from the Financial Action Task Force member countries, or from any country 
specified by the Government of India by an order or by way of an agreement or treaty 
with other sovereign Governments, which are: 
(v) 
Appropriately Regulated funds; 
(vi) 
unregulated funds whose investment manager is Appropriately Regulated and 
registered as a 'Category I foreign portfolio investor'. Provided that the investment 
manager undertakes the responsibility of all the acts of commission or omission of such 
unregulated fund; 
(vii) 
university related endowments of such universities that have been in existence for more 
than five years; 
(viii) 
An entity (A) whose investment manager is from a Financial Action Task Force 
member country and such investment manager is registered as a 'Category I foreign 
portfolio investor'; or (B) which is at least 75 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly by 
another entity, eligible under sub-clause (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this paragraph and such 
an eligible entity is from a Financial Action Task Force member country. Provided that 
such an investment manager or eligible entity undertakes the responsibility of all the 
acts of commission or omission of the entity.  
"Investor Group" shall include two or more investors having common ownership, directly or indirectly, 
of more than 50 per cent. or common control.

--- Page 332 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
306 
 
 
(i) 
For the purposes of this definition common control shall not be considered where: 
(ii) 
the holder is an Appropriately Regulated public retail fund; 
(iii) 
the investors in the holder are public retail funds majority owned by Appropriately 
Regulated public retail fund on look through basis; 
(iv) 
the holder is a public retail fund and the investment managers of the fund are 
Appropriately Regulated. 
"Public retail funds" means: 
(i) 
mutual funds or unit trusts which are open for subscription to retail investors and which 
do not have specific investor type requirements like accredited investors' 
(ii) 
insurance companies where segregated portfolio with one-to-one correlation with a 
single investor is not maintained; and  
(iii) 
pension funds. 
"Overseas Citizen of India" as the term is defined under Rule 2 of the FEMA Non-debt Rules, which, 
as of the date of this notice, means an individual resident outside India who is registered as an Overseas 
Citizen of India Cardholder under Section 7-A of the Citizenship Act, 1955. 
Republic of Indonesia ("Indonesia")  
Securities may not be offered or sold in Indonesia or to Indonesian citizens wherever they are domiciled, 
or to Indonesian residents, nationals or corporations in a manner which constitutes a public offer under 
the laws and regulations of Indonesia. 
Ireland 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, each 
Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place any Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations, 2017 (as 
amended, the "MiFID II Regulations"), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 
(Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof or 
any codes of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, any Securities, otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the "Companies Act"), the Irish 
Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 
117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);  
(c) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland with respect 
to any Securities otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (as amended) and any rules and 
guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act;  
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland with respect to any Securities, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) 
and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies 
Act; and 
(e) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Securities, 
otherwise than in accordance with the requirements set out in Notice BSD C01/02 issued by the 
Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended).

--- Page 333 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
307 
 
Israel 
This Base Prospectus does not constitutes a prospectus under the Israeli Securities Law 5728-1968 (the 
"Israeli Securities Law") and has not been filed with, or approved by, the Israeli Securities Authority. 
In Israel, this Base Prospectus may be distributed only to, and may be directed only at, Israeli investors 
who have confirmed in writing that they (a) qualify as one of the types of investors listed in the First 
Addendum to the Israeli Securities Law ("Israeli Qualified Investors"), and are aware of the 
implications of being classified as an investor of this type and agree thereto, and (b) are acquiring the 
Securities for their own account and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution 
thereof, except, to the extent permitted under the First Addendum to the Israeli Securities Law, for 
distribution or resale to Israeli Qualified Investors. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that, it will not 
offer or sell Securities in the State of Israel other than to Israeli Qualified Investors.  
Italy 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, unless 
specified in the applicable Final Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in Italy, the offering of 
the Securities has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and accordingly no 
Securities may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus (including the 
applicable Issue Terms) or of any other document relating to Securities be distributed in the Republic of 
Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation 1129/2017 and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act") and Italian CONSOB 
regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, article 100 of the Financial Services Act, Article 34-ter of 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971/1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian 
laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of Securities or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to Securities in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct 
such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) 
and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the "Banking 
Act"); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations (including article 100-bis of the 
Financial Services Act) or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy 
(including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from 
time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
will not offer or sell any Securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 334 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
308 
 
 
Republic of Korea (Korea) 
Where the relevant Issuer meets the qualifications listed in sub-items (Ga) through (Da) under Article 
7(4)(5-2) of the Enforcement Decree of the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of 
Korea ("FSCMA"), the following will apply: 
Securities have not been and will not be registered under the FSCMA. Accordingly, Securities may not 
be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Korea (as 
such terms are defined in the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea and the decrees and 
regulations thereunder, and hereinafter the same) except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations 
of Korea, including the FSCMA and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea and the decrees 
and regulations thereunder. By the purchase of a Security, the relevant Securityholder will be deemed to 
represent and warrant that, if it is in Korea or is a resident of Korea, it purchased the Securities pursuant 
to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the number of 
offerees of the Securities in Korea or the number of such offerees who are residents in Korea shall be 
less than fifty and for a period of one year from the issue date of an issue of Securities, no holder of the 
Securities may transfer the Securities in Korea or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of 
Korea unless such transfer involves all of the Securities held by it. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary, in cases where Securities are derivative-linked securities as defined under the FSCMA, they 
must be offered or sold through the underwriting or brokerage of a qualified Korean financial investment 
company only to certain professional investors as prescribed under sub-item (Ra) of Article 7(4)(5-2) 
under the Enforcement Decree of the FSCMA. 
Where the relevant Issuer does not meet the qualifications listed in sub-items (Ga) through (Da) of Article 
7(4)(5-2) under the Enforcement Decree of the FSCMA, the following will apply: 
Securities have not been and will not be registered under the FSCMA. Accordingly, Securities may not 
be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Korea (as 
such terms are defined in the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea and the decrees and 
regulations thereunder, and hereinafter the same) except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations 
of Korea, including the FSCMA and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea and the decrees 
and regulations thereunder. By the purchase of a Security, the relevant Securityholder will be deemed to 
represent and warrant that, if it is in Korea or is a resident of Korea, it purchased the Securities pursuant 
to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the number of 
offerees of Securities in Korea or the number of such offerees who are residents in Korea shall be less 
than fifty and for a period of one year from the issue date of an issue of Securities, no holder of the 
Securities may transfer the Securities in Korea or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of 
Korea unless such transfer involves all of the Securities held by it. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary, in cases where Securities are derivative-linked securities defined under the FSCMA, they may 
not be offered or sold to any resident of Korea. 
State of Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that this Base Prospectus is not for 
general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The Securities have not been licensed for offering in Kuwait 
by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other applicable Kuwaiti government agency. The 
offering of the Securities in Kuwait on the basis a private placement or public offering is, therefore, 
restricted in accordance with Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended) together with the 
various resolutions, regulations, directives and instructions and announcements issued pursuant thereto, 
or in connection therewith (regardless of nomenclature or type) and any other applicable law or regulation 
in the State of Kuwait. No private or public offering of the Securities is being made in Kuwait, and no 
agreement relating to the sale of the Securities. will be concluded in Kuwait. No marketing or solicitation 
or inducement activities are being used to offer or market the Securities in Kuwait. 
Malaysia 
No recognition by the Securities Commission Malaysia pursuant to Section 212 of the Malaysian Capital 
Markets and Services Act 2007 nor approval of any other Malaysian regulatory authority has been or

--- Page 335 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
309 
 
will be obtained in connection with the offer and sale of Securities in Malaysia nor will any prospectus 
or other offering material or document in connection with the offer and sale of Securities be registered 
or lodged with the Securities Commission Malaysia or any other Malaysian regulatory authority. 
Accordingly, Securities are not being, and will not be deemed to be, issued, made available, offered for 
subscription or purchase, directly or indirectly, in Malaysia and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
document or other material in connection therewith is being or will be distributed, circulated or caused 
to be distributed or circulated or made available, in Malaysia. 
Mexico 
No Securities have been, or will be, registered with the Mexican National Registry of Securities (Registro 
Nacional de Valores) maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission 
(Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores) (the "CNBV") pursuant to the Mexican Securities Market 
Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores) and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. Each Dealer has 
represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not offer or sell Securities publicly in the 
United Mexican States. The Securities may be offered and sold in Mexico by the Dealers, on a private 
placement basis, to investors that qualify as institutional and accredited investors, under the Mexican 
Securities Market Law and regulations thereunder. The CNBV has not reviewed or approved this Base 
Prospectus. This Base Prospectus may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. 
Norway 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, non-
equity securities denominated in Norwegian Kroner may not be offered or sold within Norway, without 
the Securities prior thereto having been registered with a central securities depositary licensed or 
recognised pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, cf. section 3-1 of the Central Securities 
Depositaries Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6. 
Further, each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that (i) if relevant, the 
Securities will only be offered and sold in Norway in accordance with the provisions on marketing of 
structured products set out in section 16-2 of the Financial Institutions Regulation of 9 December 2016 
no. 1502, as amended and (ii) the Securities will only be sold in Norway to investors who have sufficient 
knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved with investing in the Securities.  
Oman 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute, shall be treated as constituting or shall be 
deemed to constitute, any offer or sale of securities or investment products in the Sultanate of 
Oman or the inward marketing or promotion of securities or an attempt to do business, as a 
bank, an investment company or otherwise in the Sultanate of Oman other than in compliance 
with any laws applicable in the Sultanate of Oman governing the issue, offering, promotion and 
sale of securities or investment products under the laws of the Sultanate of Oman; 
(b) 
this Base Prospectus has not been filed with, reviewed, approved or registered as a prospectus 
with the Capital Market Authority of Oman or the Central Bank of Oman pursuant to the 
Securities Law (RD 46/2022), and will not be offered or sold as an offer of securities in Oman 
as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (RD 18/2019); and 
(c) 
the Securities issued under the Programme will not be offered, sold or delivered, and no 
invitation to subscribe for or to purchase the Securities has been or will be made, directly or 
indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed in 
Oman to any person in Oman other than by an entity duly licensed by the Capital Market 
Authority of Oman to market non-Omani securities in Oman and then only in accordance with 
all applicable laws and regulations, including Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the 
Capital Markets Law (Decision No. 1/2009, as amended).

--- Page 336 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
310 
 
 
This Base Prospectus is strictly private and confidential. This Base Prospectus is provided on an exclusive 
basis to the specifically intended recipient of such document, upon that person's request and initiative, 
and for the recipient's personal use only. It is being distributed to a limited number of sophisticated 
investors upon their request and must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient. It 
is not for general circulation in the Sultanate of Oman and may not be reproduced or used for any other 
purpose. Any distribution of this Base Prospectus by the recipient to third parties in the Sultanate of 
Oman beyond the terms of this Base Prospectus is not authorised and shall be at the liability of such 
recipient. 
Islamic Republic of Pakistan (Pakistan) 
Under the laws of Pakistan, no person may make an offer to sell Securities to the public in Pakistan unless 
the prospectus offering such Securities has been approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission 
of Pakistan. 
By the purchase of a Security, the relevant Securityholder will be deemed to represent and/or warrant (as 
applicable) that it is not a corporate person which is a resident of Pakistan (a "Prohibited Investor") and 
that the Securities will not be offered or transferred to a Prohibited Investor and, if so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each Securityholder will be required to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) 
on exercise that it is not a Prohibited Investor. 
Notwithstanding the above, a corporate entity, which is a resident of Pakistan, may be permitted to 
purchase Securities if it has obtained special permission from the State Bank of Pakistan authorising the 
purchase and payment of foreign currency, by the corporate entity, as may be required as a result of the 
purchase of Securities by such corporate entity. 
Panama 
The Securities have not been, and will not be, registered with the Superintendency of the Securities 
Market of Panama. Accordingly (i) the Securities cannot be publicly offered or sold in Panama, except 
in transactions exempted from registration under the Securities Laws of Panama, (ii) the Superintendency 
of the Securities Market of Panama has not reviewed the information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
(iii) the Securities and any offer are not subject to the supervision of the Superintendency of the Securities 
Market of Panama and, (iv) the Securities do not benefit from the tax incentives provided by the 
Securities Laws of Panama. 
Paraguay 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Paraguayan Securities Commission 
(Comisión Nacional de Valores) and each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as 
applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not offer or sell Securities in the Republic of Paraguay 
except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering or distribution under Paraguayan laws, 
regulations and market practices.  
Paraguayan investors must acknowledge that  
(a) 
any legal matter arising from an offer of Securities under this Base Prospectus shall not be 
submitted to any Paraguayan authority; 
(b) 
the Paraguayan Deposit Insurance legislation does not insure investments in the Securities;  
(c) 
the Paraguayan Central Bank (Banco Central del Paraguay), the Paraguayan Securities 
Commission and the Paraguayan Banking Superintendency (Superintendencia de Bancos) do 
not regulate the offering of the Securities or any obligations that may arise from such offering;  
(d) 
they may be subject to taxes under Paraguayan laws on the profits obtained from the Securities 
or the sale thereof; and  
(e) 
they are responsible to conduct an independent examination of the relevant offer, and to 
ascertain and assess the risks arising from or in connection with the investments in the 
Securities.

--- Page 337 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
311 
 
People's Republic of China 
Persons into whose possession this document comes should inform themselves of all relevant Chinese 
restrictions. In particular, Securities are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, (i) in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions and 
Taiwan region), or (ii) to any domestic individual as defined in the Administrative Measures on Foreign 
Exchange Matters for Individuals, unless otherwise permitted by the laws, administrative regulations and 
rules of the PRC.'' 
By the purchase of a Security, the relevant holder will be deemed to represent and/or warrant (as 
applicable) that it purchased such Security in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of the 
PRC.'' 
China Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings 
Where the Securities are APAC Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation 
Certificates that are China Participation Certificates or "China Compliance Representations, Warranties 
and Undertakings" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the holders thereof should 
note that the terms of the Securities will require them to make certain representations, warranties, 
undertakings and/or agreements (as applicable) as further detailed below and in the APAC Compliance 
Schedule. 
By the purchase of any Security, each Securityholder will be deemed to have represented, warranted, 
undertaken and agreed that: 
On the date of purchase and on each day the Securities are being held, each holder of Securities will be 
deemed to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) that its purchase of the Securities is in full compliance 
with the following selling restrictions and it undertakes and agrees to the selling restrictions below (or if 
any holder of Securities is a broker-dealer acting on behalf of a client or other professional fiduciary 
acting on behalf of a discretionary or similar account held for the benefit or account of a client, such 
holder of Securities will be deemed to represent, warrant and/or undertake (as applicable) that such client 
has confirmed to such holder of the Securities that such client acknowledges, represents, warrants, agrees 
and/or undertakes (as applicable) that):  
1. 
It is not: (1) a PRC Citizen resident in the PRC, (2) a PRC Citizen resident outside the PRC who 
is not a permanent resident of another country or permanent resident of Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region or Taiwan region, unless 
otherwise permitted by the laws, administrative regulations and rules of the PRC or (3) a Legal 
Person Registered in the PRC (except a Legal Person Registered in the PRC whose purchase of 
Securities has been conducted pursuant to a programme approved by, or registered with, any 
competent regulator in the PRC) (each a "Domestic Investor");  
2. 
In the case where the Securities are purchased by the holder as or on behalf of a trustee for a 
trust, interests in the trust are not majority-owned by, and the management decision over the 
trust is not controlled by, one or more Domestic Investor(s). For the avoidance of doubt, in the 
case only where a trust's investments are being managed on a discretionary basis by an 
investment manager, such investment manager shall not be deemed to control such entity for 
the purposes of this representation by reason only of it being able to control the decision-making 
in relation to the entity's financial, investment and/or operating policies; 
3. 
All amounts paid or to be paid by it in connection with any Security did not and will not involve 
moneys financed by or sourced from any Domestic Investor in contravention of the laws and 
regulations of the PRC; and 
4. 
It confirms that its transactions in the Securities (i) will not contravene any applicable law or 
regulation of the PRC; and (ii) are not for purposes of gaining or exercising control or influence 
over the management of the issuer of the securities underlying the Securities, and the holder 
fully understands that the Issuer relies on this confirmation to enter into any transactions in the 
Securities with the holder.

--- Page 338 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
312 
 
 
Each purchaser of the Securities is deemed to have agreed and undertaken as follows (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, such agreements and undertakings shall survive the maturity or expiration date of 
such Securities): 
5. 
It will comply with all applicable PRC laws and regulations, including those in relation to 
foreign exchange, disclosure of interests and any related disposal restrictions; 
6. 
It acknowledges that the Issuer or its Affiliates may be required to disclose information relating 
to, among other things, the details of its transactions in the Securities or the identities of any 
party having a legal or beneficial interest in the Securities as may be required by any relevant 
regulatory authorities (including, without limit, PBOC, CSRC, NAFR and SAFE) or as may be 
required under any law, regulation, orders or other lawful request, and it agrees to all such related 
disclosure and hereby waives confidentiality with regard thereto.  
7. 
It shall promptly provide the Issuer or its Affiliates with such additional information that they 
reasonably deem necessary or appropriate in order to comply with regulations or requests of any 
governmental or regulatory authorities from time to time; with regard to the identity and other 
details of the holder or the beneficial owners in respect of the transactions in the Securities, these 
include but are not limited to (i) the category to which the holder belongs (i.e., hedge fund, 
corporate, individual, pension fund, trust, etc.); (ii) in the case where the holder is a fund or the 
Securities are purchased by the holder as or on behalf of a trustee for a trust fund, names of the 
fund managers and investment advisors; and (iii) the source of funding of the holder. Where any 
such information is maintained by any third party on behalf of the holder and the trust fund, it 
shall ensure that appropriate procedures are implemented with such third party to enable the 
prompt disclosure of such information to the Issuer or its Affiliates on request; 
8. 
It will not sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of the Securities to any transferee 
without the prior written consent of the Issuer or its Affiliates, and will provide notice of the 
transfer restrictions in this paragraph to any subsequent transferee. To the extent such Securities 
or any of its interest or obligation therein is sold, transferred, assigned, novated or disposed of 
by the holder in accordance with these terms, the holder undertakes to ensure that the transferee 
(i) is not a Domestic Investor, (ii) in the case where the Securities are purchased by the transferee 
as or on behalf of a trustee for a trust, interests in the trust are not majority-owned by, and the 
management decision over the trust is not controlled by, one or more Domestic Investor(s), and 
(iii) is not financing all or any part of the Securities from any Domestic Investor in contravention 
of the laws and regulations of the PRC. Any purported transfer that is not in compliance with 
this clause will be void;  
9. 
It will promptly notify the Issuer or its Affiliates should any of the representations, warranties, 
agreements and undertakings given by it changes or no longer holds true. 
The Paragraphs 1 to 9 above being the "China Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings". 
Additional Provisions for Securities linked to Shares traded through the China Connect Services or for 
Security Index Linked Securities where Additional Provisions for China Connect Service apply 
Where "Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service" or "Additional 
Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(i) each Securityholder undertakes that its purchase of the Securities shall be fully in compliance with 
applicable laws, administrative regulations and rules of the China Connect Services; and (ii) each 
Securityholder acknowledges that such Securities are not being offered or sold and may not be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC or to: 
(i) 
a PRC Citizen resident in the PRC; 
(ii) 
a PRC Citizen resident outside the PRC who is not a permanent resident of another country or 
permanent resident of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special 
Administrative Region or Taiwan region, unless otherwise permitted by the laws, administrative 
regulations and rules of the PRC;

--- Page 339 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
313 
 
(iii) 
a Legal Person Registered in the PRC (except a Legal Person Registered in the PRC whose 
purchase of the Securities has been conducted pursuant to a programme approved by, or 
registered with, any competent regulator in the PRC) ((i), (ii) and (iii), each a "Domestic 
Investor"); or 
(iv) 
to a trustee for a trust, where interests in the trust are majority owned by, and the management 
decision over the trust is controlled by, one or more "Domestic Investor(s)". For the avoidance 
of doubt in the case only where a trust's investments are being managed on a discretionary basis 
by an investment manager, such investment manager shall not be deemed to control such entity 
for the purposes hereof by reason only of it being able to control the decision making in relation 
to the entity's financial, investment and/or operating policies. 
All amounts paid or to be paid by any investor in connection with any such Security may not involve 
moneys financed by or sourced from any Domestic Investor in contravention of the laws and regulations 
of the PRC and all applicable laws and regulations of the PRC must be complied with in respect of 
anything done in relation to any such Warrants in, from, or otherwise involving, the PRC. 
As used above, the following terms shall bear the meanings given to them below: 
Definitions 
"CSRC" means the China Securities Regulatory Commission of the People's Republic of China. 
"China Connect Service" means the securities trading and clearing links programme through which (i) 
the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and/or its affiliates provides order-routing and related 
services for certain eligible securities traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock 
Exchange or such other stock exchange as may be designated from time to time and (ii) China Securities 
Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited or such 
other clearing system provide clearing, settlement, depository and related services in relation to such 
securities. 
"Legal Person Registered in the PRC" means an entity incorporated or organised in the PRC (excluding 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan region). 
"NAFR" means the National Administration of Financial Regulation of the PRC (formerly the China 
Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission) including its successors and its local counterparts). 
"PBOC" means the People's Bank of China. 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, 
Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan region for this purpose). 
"PRC Citizen" means any person holding a resident identification card of the PRC (excluding Hong 
Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan region). 
A "trust" includes a trust fund or any similar arrangement where the legal title to the trust assets are held 
by a trustee or legal representative but the beneficial interests in the trust assets are held by beneficiaries; 
and trustee shall be construed accordingly. 
"SAFE" means the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People's Republic of China. 
"Shares" means securities that are eligible for trading through the China Connect Service. 
Peru 
Securities issued under this Base Prospectus may only be placed privately in Peru, provided that such 
offering is considered a private offering under the securities laws and regulations of Peru. The Peruvian 
securities law establishes that any particular offer may qualify as private, among others, if it is directed 
exclusively at institutional investors (as defined under Peruvian securities law and regulations). 
Accordingly, the Securities cannot be offered or sold in Peru except if (i) such Securities were previously 
registered with the Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores (Peru's National Corporations and 
Securities Supervisory Commission or SMV or listed with the Lima Stock Exchange, or (ii) such offering

--- Page 340 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
314 
 
 
is considered a private offering under the Peruvian securities laws and regulations. The Securities will 
not be subject to a public offering in Peru.  
Therefore, neither this Base Prospectus nor any Securities have been or will be registered with nor 
approved by the Peru's National Corporations and Securities Supervisory Commission (Superintendencia 
del Mercado de Valores) ("SMV") or the Lima Stock Exchange ("LSE").  
This Base Prospectus and other offering materials relating to the offer of the Securities are being supplied 
to those Peruvian investors who have expressly requested them. Such materials may not be distributed 
to any person or entity other than the intended recipients. 
Peruvian institutional investors, as defined by Peruvian securities law and regulations, must rely on their 
own examination of the terms of the offering of the Securities to determine their ability to invest in them. 
No offer or invitation to subscribe for or sell the Securities or beneficial interests therein can be made in 
Peru except in compliance with the securities laws thereof. 
Peruvian residents may be taxed under Peruvian tax laws, on the profits obtained from the Securities or 
the sale thereof. Investors must independently evaluate the application of such taxes before purchasing 
the Securities. 
The Philippines 
THE SECURITIES BEING OFFERED OR SOLD HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH 
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION UNDER THE SECURITIES REGULATION 
CODE OF THE PHILIPPINES. ANY FUTURE OFFER OR SALE THEREOF IN THE PHILIPPINES 
IS SUBJECT TO REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE CODE UNLESS SUCH OFFER 
OR SALE QUALIFIES AS AN EXEMPT TRANSACTION. 
By a purchase of a Security, the relevant Securityholder: 
1. 
will be deemed to acknowledge that the issue of, offer for subscription or purchase of, or 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase, such Security may only be made directly or indirectly to 
persons outside the Philippines and accordingly confirms that it is not a resident of or located 
in the Philippines; 
2. 
will be deemed to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that it has not offered, sold or 
issued an invitation to purchase or subscribe and will not offer, sell or issue an invitation to 
purchase or subscribe, Securities directly or indirectly to any persons in the Philippines; and 
3. 
will be deemed to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that it has not circulated or 
distributed and will not circulate and distribute this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms or any other document or materials relating to Securities directly or indirectly to any 
persons in the Philippines. 
Securities may not be offered or transferred to a resident of or any person in the Philippines.  
Poland 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, this 
Base Prospectus has not been subject to the approval of the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority or 
any other competent Polish authority. Accordingly, Securities cannot be offered or sold in the Republic 
of Poland ("Poland") by way of a Public Offer (as defined below) and/or be admitted to a regulated 
market in Poland (the "Polish Admission"), unless such Public Offer and/or the Polish Admission are 
carried out in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Act on Public Offering and on the 
Conditions Governing the Introduction of Financial Instruments to an Organised Trading System and 
Public Companies dated 29 July 2005 (as amended) and any other applicable laws and regulations 
enacted under these acts or in substitution thereof from time to time.  
For the purpose of this provision, the term "Public Offer" means an 'offer of securities to the public' as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation, i.e. a communication to persons in any form and by any means, 
presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the securities to be offered, so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for those securities.

--- Page 341 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
315 
 
The conduct of a Public Offer in Poland as well as subscription or sale relating to such Public Offer 
requires an intermediation of a licenced investment firm, except for certain Public Offers exempted from 
the prospectus obligation. In addition, the sale to or acquisition and holding of the Securities by residents 
of Poland may be subject to additional requirements and restrictions imposed by Polish law, beyond the 
restrictions and requirements provided by generally applicable provisions of European Union law, 
including under foreign exchange regulations. 
Portugal 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, the 
Securities may only be distributed or placed or advertised in Portugal if all applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements are met, including (if and as required) (i) the prior notification of a Key Information 
Document ("KID") approved by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (the "CMVM"), under 
the terms of Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
November 2014 ("PRIIPs Regulation"), and any ancillary EU or Portuguese legislation or regulation, 
(ii) the subsequent publication of the KID on CMVM's website thereunder, and (iii) the approval by 
CMVM of the marketing materials (if any), under the applicable legal and regulatory framework. 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, delivered or 
sold, and will not offer, deliver or sell, at any time, directly or indirectly, any Securities in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except: 
(a) 
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre), and without undertaking any of the following activities:  
(i) 
advertising, roadshows or presentations within Qatar to which a number of investors 
are invited (i.e. all such meetings should be on a one-to-one basis); 
(ii) 
accepting money (by check or cash) in Qatar to indicate the intention to invest in 
products or obtain services in Qatar; or 
(iii) 
Dealer signing or countersigning documents in Qatar; and  
(b) 
through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice 
and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
This Base Prospectus: (i) has not been, and will not be, filed, reviewed, registered with or approved by 
the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority and may not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre); (ii) is intended for the specific recipient only and must not be 
provided to any other person; and (iii) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre) and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Romania 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, this 
Base Prospectus has not been subject to the approval of the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority 
or any other competent Romanian authority. Accordingly, the Issuer and each Dealer have represented, 
warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and 
will not offer, sell or deliver, any Securities in Romania in a solicitation to the public, and that sales of 
the Securities in Romania shall be effected in accordance with all Romanian securities, tax and exchange 
control and other applicable laws and regulations. 
For the cases when a valid passporting procedure to Romania in relation to this Base Prospectus has not 
been successfully enacted, the Issuer and each of the dealers have represented and agreed that they will 
not offer, sell or deliver any Securities or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Securities in Romania except for the cases when this Base Prospectus and any other

--- Page 342 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
316 
 
 
documents relating to the Securities will be offered to the public in Romania only in compliance with the 
following cumulative conditions: 
(a) 
it is addressed only to investors who are "qualified investors" within the meaning of article 2 
letter e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in Romania, including the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, the provisions of Law No. 24/2017 as regards Issuers of Financial Instruments and 
Market Operations, the provisions of Regulation No. 5/2018 on Issuers of Financial Instruments 
and Market Operations issued by the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority, and any norms 
and decisions issued or approved by the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority or any other 
competent Romanian authority, as well as with all applicable EU legislation. 
Russian Federation 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not 
offered or sold or transferred or otherwise disposed of and will not offer or sell or transfer or otherwise 
dispose of any Securities (as part of their initial distribution or at any time thereafter) to or for the benefit 
of any persons (including legal entities) resident, incorporated, established or having their usual residence 
in the Russian Federation or to any person located within the territory of the Russian Federation unless 
and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law.  
Since neither the issuance of the Securities nor a securities prospectus in respect of the Securities has 
been registered, or is intended to be registered, with the Central Bank of the Russian Federation, the 
Securities are not eligible for initial offering or public circulation in the Russian Federation and may not 
be sold or offered in the Russian Federation in any way other than to Russian "qualified investors" (as 
defined under Russian law) in a manner that does not constitute "advertisement", "placement" or "public 
circulation" (as defined under Russian law) of the Securities in the Russian Federation. 
Information set forth in this Base Prospectus is not an offer, advertisement or invitation to make offers, 
to sell, exchange or otherwise transfer the Securities in the Russian Federation or to or for the benefit of 
any Russian person or entity. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering 
of the Securities. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi 
Investor") who acquires any Securities pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Securities is 
a private placement under Article 8 of the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" 
as issued by the Board of the Capital Market Authority ("CMA") resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 
27 December 2017, as amended by CMA resolution number 8-5-2023 dated 18 January 2023 (the "KSA 
Regulations"), made through a capital market institution licensed to carry out arranging activities by the 
CMA and following a notification to the  CMA under Article 10 of the KSA Regulations.  
The Securities may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
other than to "institutional and qualified clients" under Article 8(a)(1) of the KSA Regulations or by way 
of a limited offer under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations.  
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that any offer of Securities made 
by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Article 10 and either Article 8(a)(1) or Article 
9 of the KSA Regulations.  
Each offer of Securities shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel 
market offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market 
activity under Article 14 of the KSA Regulations. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Securities 
pursuant to a private placement under the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those securities to any 
person unless the offer or sale is made in compliance with the restrictions on secondary market activity 
under the KSA Regulations.

--- Page 343 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
317 
 
Saudi Participation Certificates 
Where Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Saudi Participation Certificates, then 
by the purchase of an Exercisable Certificate, each Exercisable Certificateholder shall be deemed to 
acknowledge and represent that the purpose of the Exercisable Certificates is to secure a profit or avoid 
a loss by reference to fluctuations in the price of the underlying Shares. 
Accordingly, it is a term of Saudi Participation Certificates that: 
(a) 
none of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any Exercisable 
Certificateholder shall acquire any interest in (including, without limitation, voting rights) or 
right to acquire or dispose of any underlying Shares by virtue of the issue or purchase of an 
Exercisable Certificate, as applicable; 
(b) 
neither the Issuer nor any Exercisable Certificateholder is obliged to sell, purchase, hold, deliver 
or receive any underlying Shares or to act in any specific manner in respect of any corporate 
action relating to any underlying Share; and 
(c) 
the primary right and obligation of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) and Exercisable Certificateholders is to receive and/or make the respective payments 
of cash thereunder, as applicable. 
Singapore 
The following applies in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates only: 
The Programme is not authorised under Section 286 of the SFA (as defined below) or recognised under 
Section 287 of the SFA by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the Securities are not allowed to be 
offered to the retail public.  
This Base Prospectus is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA, and accordingly, statutory liability under 
the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses does not apply, and the offeree should consider 
carefully whether the investment is suitable for them. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the Securities will be offered 
pursuant to exemptions under the SFA.  
Accordingly, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, 
or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Securities may not be circulated or distributed, nor may 
the Securities be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than pursuant to an exemption from the offering 
requirements under the SFA. 
Where the Securities are "securities" as defined in the SFA, this includes (a) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (b) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA 
and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore; or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Securities are subscribed to or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be

--- Page 344 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
318 
 
 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore. 
Where the Securities are "units in a collective investment scheme" as defined in the SFA, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of any Securities may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Securities 
be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 304 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 305(5) of 
the SFA) or to any person pursuant to section 305(2) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in section 305 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures 
(Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 305 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and 
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities pursuant to an offer made under Section 305 of the 
SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an 
offer referred to in Section 305(2) or in Section 305A(3)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 304A(2) or Section 305A(5) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 36 and 36A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of 
Investments) (Collective Investment Schemes) Regulations 2005 of Singapore. 
Where any underlying securities or units in a collective investment scheme (for purpose of this Singapore 
section only, the "Underlyers") are to be delivered in connection with the Securities, such Underlyers 
may similarly only be offered in compliance with the SFA, pursuant to the relevant exemption described 
above. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities, all Securities and 
Underlyers issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products)

--- Page 345 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
319 
 
Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore and a 
reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as 
modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be 
applicable at the relevant time. 
The following applies in respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates only: 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it 
has not offered or sold any Warrants or caused the Warrants to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Warrants or cause the Warrants to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Warrants, whether directly or indirectly, to 
any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Slovakia 
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by the National Bank of Slovakia. No 
application has been filed nor has any permission been obtained for admission of Securities to trading on 
any regulated market in Slovakia as defined by Act No. 429/2002 Coll. on Stock Exchange, as amended.  
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, each 
Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Securities in Slovakia through a public 
offering, except if in strict compliance with all applicable provisions of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, Act No. 566/2001 Coll on Securities, as amended (the "Slovak Securities Act") 
and other laws applicable in Slovakia as well as any guidelines issued by the National Bank of 
Slovakia, as they may be further amended or superseded from time to time; and 
(ii) 
it has complied with and will comply with all the laws applicable in Slovakia as well as any 
guidelines issued by the National Bank of Slovakia applicable to the conduct of business in 
Slovakia (including the laws applicable to the provision of investment services and investment 
activities within the meaning of the Slovak Securities Act) in respect of the Securities. 
South Africa 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not and will not offer or sell, or 
solicit any offers for subscription for or sale of, the Securities, or procure the issuance of the Securities, 
directly or indirectly, (i) in South Africa, except in accordance with the South African Companies Act, 
2008 (the "South African Companies Act") pursuant to an offer that falls within an exemption from "an 
offer to the public" set out in section 96(1) of the South African Companies Act and in accordance with 
any other applicable laws or regulations of South Africa in force from time to time (including the 
Commercial Paper Regulations promulgated under Government Notice 2172 (published in Government 
Gazette No. 16167 of 14 December 1994) pursuant to the South African Banks Act, 1990, the Financial 
Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002 and the South African Exchange Control Regulations, 
1961 promulgated pursuant to the South African Currency and Exchanges Act, 1933 (the "South African

--- Page 346 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
320 
 
 
Exchange Control Regulations") or (ii) to any person who or which is a resident of South Africa except 
in accordance with the South African Exchange Control Regulations. 
This Base Prospectus does not, nor is it intended to, constitute a "registered prospectus" (as that term is 
defined in the South African Companies Act) prepared and registered under the South African Companies 
Act and has not been approved by, or registered with, the South African Companies and Intellectual 
Property Commission or any other South African authority. 
Information made available in this Base Prospectus should not be considered as "advice" as defined in 
the Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002. 
Spain 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, each 
Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that, to the extent that the offer of 
Securities under the Programme shall be deemed to be a public offer (oferta pública) or an admission to 
trading in Spain in accordance with the Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October of the Securities 
Markets (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de 
la Ley del Mercado de Valores) as amended and restated from time to time, the "Royal Legislative 
Decree 4/2015") and the Royal Decree 1310/2005 of 4 November, partially developing Law 24/1988, of 
28 July on admission to trading of Securities in official secondary markets, public offerings and 
prospectus (Real Decreto 1310/2005, de 4 de noviembre por el que se desarrolla parcialmente la Ley 
24/1988, de 28 de julio, del Mercado de Valores, en materia de admisión a negociación de valores en 
mercados secundarios oficiales, de ofertas públicas de venta o suscripción y del folleto exigible a tales 
efectos), (as amended and restated from time to time, the "Royal Decree 1310/2005"), the Securities may 
only be offered, sold (including any subsequent resale of Securities) or distributed by any such Dealer to 
the public in the Kingdom of Spain or admitted to trading in Spain in compliance with the requirements 
and provisions applicable to public offerings and admission to trading in Spain, including, the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, the Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 and the Royal Decree 1310/2005, as 
amended and restated from time to time, or any other related regulations that may be in force from time 
to time, as further amended, supplemented or restated. 
Sri Lanka  
Securities are not eligible for sale to Sri Lankan entities or natural persons unless such Sri Lankan entities 
or natural persons have obtained the prior approval of the Foreign Exchange Department of the Central 
Bank of Sri Lanka to purchase Securities. Obtaining any such prior approval of the Foreign Exchange 
Department of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka will be the sole responsibility of a Securityholder and by 
the purchase of a Securities, the relevant Securityholder will be deemed to have represented and 
warranted that (i) it is not a Sri Lankan entity or natural person or (ii) if it is a Sri Lankan Entity or natural 
person. it has been granted approval by the Foreign Exchange Department of the Central Bank of Sri 
Lanka to purchase the relevant Securities and, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
Securityholder will be required to so represent and warrant on exercise. 
Sweden 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by and will not be submitted for approval to the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) for purposes of public offering or sale of securities 
in Sweden. Accordingly, in addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European 
Economic Area" above, Securities issued under the Programme may not be offered or sold to the public 
in Sweden directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other prospectus, circular, form 
of application, advertisement or other material may be reproduced, distributed, or otherwise made 
available in or from, or published in Sweden, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offer of securities to the public, subject to prospectus requirements, in accordance with the provisions of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation and all other applicable legislation and regulation in Sweden. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme and each other offeror will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable) that:

--- Page 347 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
321 
 
(a) 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities to the public in Switzerland, other 
than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
("FinSA") or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, if the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of any Securities published according to Article 64 FinSA specify "Swiss 
Non-exempt Offer" as applicable, in the "Swiss Offer Period" specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and if consent has been granted to use this Base Prospectus (as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms) for a public offer in Switzerland in accordance with Article 36(4) 
FinSA; or 
(b) 
it has not offered and will not offer, directly or indirectly, Securities to the public in Switzerland, 
and have not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed to the public in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Issue Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Securities, which shall not constitute a prospectus pursuant 
to FinSA, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer 
or distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. 
For these purposes "public offer" refers to the respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA and 
as further detailed in the implementing Financial Services Ordinance. 
If Securities qualifying as debt instruments with a "derivative character" (as such expression is 
understood under FinSA) are offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in 
Switzerland a key information document under Article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für 
Finanzinstrumente) or Article 59(2) FinSA in respect of such Securities must be prepared and published. 
According to Article 58(2) FinSA, no key information document is required for Securities that may only 
be acquired for private clients under an asset management agreement. Other than where the applicable 
Issue Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland" to be "Applicable" 
other than with respect to the period(s) of time specified therein, with respect to such period(s), the 
Securities may not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in 
Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the 
following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of 
Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; 
or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA. For these 
purposes "offer" refers to the interpretation of such term in Article 58 FinSA. 
Taiwan 
The Securities have not been and will not be approved for sale in Taiwan. The Securities are not permitted 
to be sold, offered or issued in Taiwan and are not permitted to be made available to Taiwan resident 
investors except (i) outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan; (ii) where applicable, 
through properly licensed intermediaries expressly permitted to make Securities available to their 
customers under applicable Taiwanese laws and regulations; or (iii) as otherwise permitted by applicable 
Taiwan law and regulations. Each subscriber or purchaser of Securities must seek professional advice as 
to whether he/she/it is qualified to subscribe to or purchase Securities and, by purchase of the Securities 
each subscriber or purchaser will be deemed to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) that he/she/it is 
duly qualified to subscribe to or purchase Securities under applicable Taiwan laws and regulations. 
Purchasers/subscribers may be restricted or prohibited from re-selling Securities. 
Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings 
Where the Securities are APAC Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation 
Certificates that are Taiwan Participation Certificates or "Taiwan Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the holders thereof 
should note that the terms of the Securities will require them to make certain representations, warranties, 
undertakings and/or agreements (as applicable) as further detailed below and in the APAC Compliance 
Schedule. 
By the purchase of any Security, each Securityholder will be deemed to have represented, warranted, 
undertaken and agreed that (or if any holder of the Securities is a broker-dealer acting on behalf of a 
client or other professional fiduciary acting on behalf of a discretionary or similar account held for the 
benefit or account of a client, such holder of the Securities will be deemed to represent, warrant and

--- Page 348 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
322 
 
 
undertake that such client has confirmed to such holder of the Securities that such client acknowledges, 
represents, warrants, agrees and undertakes that):  
(A) 
on the date of purchase and on each day the Securities are being held: 
1. 
it is not, and it is not purchasing the Securities for the benefit or account of (1) a person with 
household registration in, or an entity(ies) incorporated in the PRC (collectively, "PRC 
Person"), (2) an entity(ies) incorporated outside the PRC (including an entity(ies) incorporated 
in Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan) that is controlled by a PRC Person(s) or (3) an entity(ies) 
incorporated outside the PRC (including an entity(ies) incorporated in Hong Kong, Macau or 
Taiwan) which is more than thirty per cent. (30%) owned, directly or indirectly, by a PRC 
Person(s). 
2. 
it is not purchasing the Securities utilising funds sourced from the PRC or Taiwan. 
3. 
when purchasing the Securities, it is not (1) an Insider or (2) the spouse or minor child of an 
Insider or (3) a person or entity which would be deemed to be a "nominee" of an Insider. 
(B) 
it:  
1. 
authorises, instructs and empowers the Issuer and its Affiliates to submit all such information 
and file all such reports with the regulatory authorities of Taiwan regarding the Securityholder, 
the Securities, or otherwise, as may be required by the Taiwan Regulations Governing 
Investments in Securities by Overseas Chinese and Foreign Nationals or otherwise as may 
reasonably be requested by Taiwan authorities;. 
2. 
undertakes and agrees that it will provide the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or, to the extent 
permitted by the relevant governmental or regulatory authority, provide directly to such 
governmental or regulatory authority, such additional information, from time to time, that the 
Issuer or its Affiliates deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with any request by 
any governmental or regulatory authority or the court of competent authority or if so required 
under applicable regulations in Taiwan; and 
3. 
waives any objection such Securityholder may have with respect to 1 or 2 immediately above 
on the grounds of confidentiality or otherwise, and, for the avoidance of doubt, such agreements 
and undertakings shall survive the maturity date of the relevant Securities. 
Paragraphs (A)1 and (B) above being the "Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings". 
As used above, the following terms shall bear the meanings given to them below: 
Definitions 
"Insider" means a shareholder holding directly, or indirectly through nominees, their spouse or minor 
children, more than ten per cent. (10%) of the shares issued by, or a director, supervisor or dealer of, a 
Taiwan company the shares of which are traded on the Taiwan Stock Exchange or Taipei Exchange and 
which constitute an Underlying in respect of the Securities. 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, Taiwan, for this purpose). 
Kingdom of Thailand (Thailand) 
The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be filed with the Office of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission of Thailand. Securities are not permitted to be sold, offered or issued in Thailand and are 
not permitted to be made available to Thai resident investors except (i) outside Thailand for purchase by 
such investors outside Thailand or (ii) through properly licensed intermediaries expressly permitted to 
make Securities available to their Thai clients under applicable laws and regulations of Thailand. The 
Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale of Securities 
have not been circulated, distributed or advertised, and will not be circulated, distributed or advertised, 
to investors in Thailand for the purpose of offering and sale of the Securities or an invitation and

--- Page 349 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
323 
 
solicitation for subscription or purchase of Securities in Thailand, unless permitted by applicable laws 
and regulations. By the purchase of a Security, each Securityholder shall be deemed to have represented 
and warranted that the offering of such Securities was made to them outside of Thailand or where 
applicable, through properly licensed intermediaries 
Republic of Türkiye 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further Dealer will be required to 
represent and/or agree (as applicable) that neither it, nor any of its respective affiliates, nor any person 
acting on its behalf or on behalf of any of its respective affiliates, shall offer or sell the Securities (or any 
beneficial interest therein) in Türkiye in any circumstances which would constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of the Capital Markets Law No. 6362 and the Capital Markets Board of Türkiye (the 
"CMB") Communiqué VII-128.4 on the Foreign Capital Markets Instruments, Depositary Receipts and 
Foreign Mutual Fund Units. Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further 
Dealer will be required to further represent and/or agree (as applicable) that neither it nor any of its 
affiliates, nor any person acting on its behalf or on behalf of any of its affiliates has or will use any 
prospectus, or other offering material related to the offering in connection with any general offering to 
the public within Türkiye for the purpose of offer or sale of the Securities without prior approval of the 
CMB of Türkiye. Pursuant to Article 15(d)(ii) of Decree No. 32 regarding the protection of the value of 
the Turkish currency, residents of Türkiye may purchase the Securities on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) 
basis, PROVIDED THAT (i) such Securities are traded in the financial markets outside of Türkiye; (ii) 
such purchase is made through banks licensed by the Banking Regulation and Supervisory Agency and/or 
brokerage institutions licensed by the CMB in Türkiye; and (iii) the consideration of the purchase of such 
Securities has been or will be transferred through such licensed banks operating in Türkiye. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
the Securities have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by 
it in the United Arab Emirates (the "UAE") other than in compliance with any laws applicable 
in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of Securities; 
(b) 
the offering of the Securities to be issued under the Programme has not been approved or 
licensed by the UAE Central Bank, the UAE Securities and Commodities Authority (the SCA), 
the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA), the Financial Services Regulatory 
Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities in the UAE, and accordingly does not 
constitute an offer of securities for public subscription in the UAE in accordance with the 
commercial companies law, Federal Decree-Law No. 32 of 2021 (as amended), SCA Resolution 
No. 9 R.M. of 2016 Concerning the Regulation of Mutual Funds (as amended), SCA Resolution 
No. 11 R.M. of 2016 Concerning the Regulation of Offering and Issuing Shares in Public Joint-
Stock Companies (as amended) or SCA Resolution No. 3 R.M. of 2017 Concerning the 
Organisation of Promotion and Introductions (together, the "SCA Resolutions") or otherwise. 
Accordingly, the Securities to be issued under the Programme may not be offered to the public 
in the UAE (including the Dubai International Financial Centre); and 
(c) 
this Base Prospectus is strictly private and confidential and is being issued to a limited number 
of institutional and individual investors in the UAE: 
(i) 
who fall within the exceptions to the SCA Resolutions and who qualify as Qualified 
Investors as defined under the SCA Resolutions; 
(ii) 
upon their request and confirmation that they understand that the Securities have not 
been approved or licensed by or registered with the UAE Central Bank, the SCA, 
DFSA or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE; 
and 
(iii) 
must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient, and may not be 
reproduced.

--- Page 350 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
324 
 
 
Uruguay 
Securities issued under the Programme are not and will not be registered with the Financial Services 
Superintendence of the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay, but will only be 
placed relying on private placement exemption (oferta privada) pursuant to section 2 of law 18,627. 
None of the Issuers qualify as an investment fund regulated by Uruguayan law 16,774, as amended. Each 
Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that Securities placed in Uruguay 
will be placed relying on a private placement (oferta privada) pursuant to Section 2 of law 18,627. 
Socialist Republic of Vietnam (Vietnam) 
Securities will not be offered or transferred in the territory of Vietnam to any Vietnamese citizen or any 
foreign exchange resident of Vietnam and by the purchase of a Security, the relevant Securityholder shall 
be deemed to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) that it is not a Vietnamese citizen or foreign 
exchange resident of Vietnam and, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Securityholder will 
be required to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) on exercise that it is not a Vietnamese citizen or 
foreign exchange resident of Vietnam 
General 
These selling restrictions may be amended by the agreement of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor 
and the relevant Dealers. Any such amendment will be set out in either the subscription agreement or the 
dealer accession letter, as relevant, and/or the Pricing Supplement issued in respect of the issue of 
Securities to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any 
of the Securities, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or 
any Issue Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where, or under circumstances in which, action for that 
purpose is required and has not been taken. No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any Securities, or 
distribution of any offering material relating to any Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction 
except in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and 
which will not impose any obligation on any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, 
the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any Dealer. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or has in its possession or distributes 
this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in all cases at its own expense, and 
none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 351 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
325 
 
SECTION G.9 – TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
GENERAL 
Purchasers of Securities may be required to pay taxes (including stamp taxes) and other charges in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the country of purchase in addition to the issue price of each 
Security. 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING SECURITIES MAY HAVE TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR 
POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHICH MAY DEPEND, AMONGST OTHER THINGS, UPON 
THE STATUS OF THE POTENTIAL PURCHASER AND LAWS RELATING TO TRANSFER 
AND REGISTRATION TAXES. INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO BE AWARE THAT THE TAX 
LEGISLATION OF THE COUNTRY IN WHICH THE INVESTOR IS RESIDENT AND OF 
THE RELEVANT ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON 
THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE SECURITIES. POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHO 
ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE TAX POSITION OF ANY ASPECT OF TRANSACTIONS 
INVOLVING SECURITIES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS. 
Unless otherwise expressly provided below, the relevant Issuer and (if applicable), the Guarantor, give 
no assurances about and do not accept responsibility for the imposition of deductions or withholdings 
required to be made from payments under the Securities for or on account of tax. This statement should 
be read in conjunction with General Conditions 8 (Payments) and 9 (Taxation). In particular, the relevant 
Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor, may make such deductions or withholdings from payments under 
the Securities as required by any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives. If the relevant 
Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor is required to make a deduction or withholding for or on account 
of tax, it will only be required to make additional 'gross-up' payments in the circumstances and subject 
to the exceptions and limitations described in General Condition 9 (Taxation). 
References in this Section G.9 to (i) a "Member State" shall be to a Member State of the EEA, (ii) a 
"Note" shall include references to a Certificate, unless the context requires otherwise and (iii) a 
"Warrant" shall include references to an Exercisable Certificate, unless the context requires otherwise. 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
General 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences that may be 
relevant to the purchase, ownership and disposition of Securities that are in registered form for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes, including Notes, Warrants, and Exercisable Certificates. This summary 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax consequences that may be relevant 
to the decision to purchase Securities by any particular investor, including tax consequences that arise 
from rules of general application to all taxpayers or to certain classes of taxpayers or that are generally 
believed to be known by investors. For example, this summary does not address the tax consequences to 
(i) persons that may be subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax law, such as banks, 
insurance companies, thrift institutions, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, 
tax-exempt organisations, traders in securities that elect to mark to market for tax purposes and dealers 
in securities, (ii) persons that will hold the Securities as part of a "straddle", "hedging", "conversion" or 
other integrated investment transaction or a constructive sale for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (iii) 
U.S. Holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, (iv) Non-U.S. Holders 
(as defined below) who recognise gain in respect of a Security in a taxable year in which the Non-U.S. 
Holder is present in the United States for 183 days or more, (v) persons that do not hold the Securities as 
capital assets, or (vi) except where the context indicates otherwise, persons that did not purchase the 
Securities for cash in the initial offering. 
This summary is based on the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations and judicial and administrative 
interpretations thereof, in each case as in effect on the date hereof. Changes to any of the foregoing could 
affect the tax consequences described below, possibly with retroactive effect. Further, this summary does 
not describe any tax consequences arising out of the tax laws of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, 
or any U.S. federal taxes other than income taxes and, to a limited extent, estate taxes. Accordingly, this 
summary does not address alternative minimum tax consequences, special tax accounting rules under 
Section 451(b) of the Code, or the Medicare tax on investment income. Prospective purchasers of the

--- Page 352 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
326 
 
 
Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax 
consequences of owning and disposing of Securities in light of their own particular circumstances. 
This discussion does not address the U.S. federal tax consequences of the ownership or disposition of the 
Underlying that a beneficial owner may receive in respect of a Physical Delivery Security. Prospective 
purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the relevant U.S. federal tax consequences of the 
ownership and disposition of the relevant Underlying. 
Issuers will not attempt to ascertain whether any issuer of any Shares, shares that underlie an Index or 
basket, or any other equity interest to which the Securities relate should be treated as a "passive foreign 
investment company" ("PFIC") within the meaning of Section 1297 of the Code or a "United States real 
property holding corporation" ("USRPHC") within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code (including 
a non-corporate entity treated as a USRPHC for relevant purposes of Section 897 of the Code). If any 
relevant issuer were so treated, certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences might apply to a 
Non-U.S. Holder, in the case of a USRPHC, and to a U.S. Holder, in the case of a PFIC, upon the sale, 
exchange or other disposition of the Securities. If a U.S. Holder owns or is deemed to own an equity 
interest in a PFIC for any taxable year, the U.S. Holder would generally be required to file IRS Form 
8621 with its annual U.S. federal income tax return for that year, subject to certain exceptions. Failure to 
timely file the form may extend the time for tax assessment by the IRS. Prospective purchasers of the 
Securities are urged to refer to information filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or another 
governmental authority by the relevant issuers and consult their tax advisors regarding the possible 
consequences if any relevant issuer is or becomes a USRPHC or PFIC. 
For the purposes hereof, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of the Securities that for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes is (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation 
organised in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or (iii) 
an estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. 
The term "Non-U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of the Securities that for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes is a non-resident alien individual, a foreign corporation or a foreign estate or trust. 
If a partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds 
the Securities, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and upon 
the activities of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are partnerships should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the tax consequences to their partners of an investment in the Securities. 
Because the Issuers do not expect to issue (i) Preference Share Linked Securities, (ii) Securities with 
Target Redemption Barrier Event (iii) certain Securities designated as “Non-U.S. Securities” (as 
discussed below), or (iv) Credit Warrants to U.S. Holders, the discussion below does not address the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to a U.S. Holder of purchasing, owning, and disposing of such 
Securities. 
This discussion may be supplemented, modified or superseded by further discussion regarding U.S. 
federal tax considerations set out in the applicable Issue Terms, which a prospective purchaser is urged 
to read before making a decision to invest in the relevant Securities. 
Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders  
The discussions below address certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. 
Holders in respect of the Securities. Certain exceptions to these general rules and other special 
considerations are discussed below under "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to 
Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt" and "FATCA", and therefore these discussions are subject to, 
and should be read in conjunction with, the discussions contained in those sections. As discussed above, 
this section does not address the U.S. federal tax treatment of (i) Preference Share Linked Securities, (ii) 
Securities with Target Redemption Barrier Event, (iii) certain Securities designated as “Non-U.S. 
Securities,” or (iv) Credit Warrants. 
Securities Treated as Debt  
The following discussion applies only to Securities that the relevant Issuer intends to treat as debt 
instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as evidenced by the statement under “United States 
Tax Considerations” in the applicable Issue Terms ("Debt Designated Securities").

--- Page 353 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
327 
 
It generally assumes that the Issuer's intended treatment of the Securities as debt instruments, as well as 
any specific treatments indicated in the applicable Issue Terms (e.g., as variable rate debt instruments or 
contingent payment debt instruments, each as discussed below), are respected. The Issuer's intended 
treatment of the Securities is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS could disagree with it, in which case 
the timing and character of a U.S. Holder's taxable income in respect of the Securities could be adversely 
affected. Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their tax advisors about the risk that the 
IRS challenges the Issuer's treatment of the Securities. Please review the discussion under "—Possible 
Alternative Tax Treatment" regarding the risk of an alternate treatment of the Securities. 
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or there is another change to the Securities that results in 
the Securities being treated as reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in "—Other 
U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt—Possible 
Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code", the treatment of the Securities after such an event could 
differ from their prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, the discussion herein assumes that no 
such deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred.  
The general discussion below is subject to special rules applicable to Short-Term Securities, Contingent 
Securities and Foreign Currency Contingent Securities as described below. 
Interest Payments on Securities 
Payments of qualified stated interest, as defined below under "Original Issue Discount", will be taxable 
to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time that such payments are accrued or are received, 
in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of tax accounting. Instalment payments on Securities 
providing for instalment payments will not be taxable to a U.S. Holder to the extent such payments are 
attributable to the repayment of principal, but will reduce the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Security, as 
discussed below. 
If such payments of interest are made in respect of a Security that is denominated in a single currency 
other than the U.S. dollar (for purposes of this discussion, a "foreign currency"), the amount of interest 
income realised by a U.S. Holder that uses the cash method of tax accounting (a "cash-method holder") 
will be the U.S. dollar value of the currency payment based on the spot rate of exchange on the date of 
receipt regardless of whether the payment in fact is converted into U.S. dollars. No foreign currency gain 
or loss should be recognised by a cash-method holder with respect to the receipt of such payment (other 
than foreign currency gain or loss realised on the disposition of the currency received). In the case of a 
Security that provides for payments in U.S. dollars determined by reference to a single foreign currency, 
a cash-method holder generally should recognise interest income on the Security in an amount equal to 
the U.S. dollars received. Both types of Securities are referred to herein as "Foreign Currency 
Securities". A U.S. Holder that uses the accrual method of tax accounting (an "accrual-method holder") 
will accrue interest income on a Foreign Currency Security in the relevant foreign currency and translate 
the amount accrued into U.S. dollars based on: 
• 
the average exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period, or portion thereof within 
the holder's taxable year; or 
• 
at the holder's election, at the spot rate of exchange on (1) the last day of the accrual period, or 
the last day of the taxable year within the accrual period if the accrual period spans more than 
one taxable year, or (2) the date of receipt, if that date is within five business days of the last 
day of the accrual period. 
Such an election must be applied consistently by the accrual-method holder to all foreign currency debt 
instruments from year to year and can be changed only with the consent of the IRS. An accrual-method 
holder will recognise foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of an interest payment made on a 
Foreign Currency Security if the spot rate of exchange on the date the payment is received differs from 
the rate applicable to a previous accrual of that interest income. Such foreign currency gain or loss will 
be treated as ordinary income or loss, but generally will not be treated as an adjustment to interest income 
received on the Security.

--- Page 354 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
328 
 
 
Taxable Disposition of Securities 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Security generally will equal the cost of that Security to the holder, 
increased by any amounts includible in income by the holder as original issue discount ("OID") and 
market discount (each as described below) and reduced by any amortised premium and any payments on 
the Security other than payments of qualified stated interest (each as described below). 
In the case of a Foreign Currency Security, the cost of the Security to a U.S. Holder generally should be 
the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency purchase price on the date of purchase. In the case of a 
Foreign Currency Security that is traded on an established securities market, a U.S. Holder generally 
should determine the U.S. dollar value of the cost of the Security by translating the amount paid in foreign 
currency into its U.S. dollar value at the spot rate of exchange (1) on the settlement date of the purchase, 
in the case of a cash-method holder, and (2) on the trade date, in the case of an accrual-method holder, 
unless the holder elects to use the spot rate applicable to cash-method holders. Such an election by an 
accrual-method holder must be applied consistently by the accrual-method holder to all debt instruments 
from year to year and can be changed only with the consent of the IRS. The amount of any subsequent 
adjustments to a U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Foreign Currency Security in respect of OID, market discount 
and premium will be determined in the manner described under "Original Issue Discount", "Market 
Discount" and "Securities Purchased at a Premium" below. 
Upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Security (each, a "taxable 
disposition"), a U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between (1) the 
amount realised on the taxable disposition, less any accrued qualified stated interest, which will be treated 
as a payment of interest and taxed in the manner described above under "Interest Payments on Securities", 
and (2) the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in the Security. 
If a U.S. Holder receives a currency other than the U.S. dollar in respect of the taxable disposition of a 
Foreign Currency Security, the amount realised generally should be the U.S. dollar value of the currency 
received calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the date of the taxable disposition of the Security. In 
the case of a taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Security that is traded on an established securities 
market, a U.S. Holder that receives a currency other than the U.S. dollar generally should determine the 
amount realised by translating that currency into its U.S. dollar value at the spot rate of exchange (1) on 
the settlement date of the taxable disposition, in the case of a cash-method holder and (2) on the trade 
date, in the case of an accrual-method holder, unless the accrual-method holder elects to use the spot rate 
applicable to cash-method holders. Such an election by an accrual-method holder must be applied 
consistently by the accrual-method holder to all debt instruments from year to year and can be changed 
only with the consent of the IRS. 
Gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Security (other than a Short-
Term Security, Foreign Currency Security, Contingent Security, Foreign Currency Contingent Security 
or Market Discount Security, each as discussed below) generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if 
the U.S. Holder has held the Security for more than one year at the time of the taxable disposition and 
short-term capital gain or loss otherwise. 
Gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Security 
generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss to the extent that the gain or loss is attributable to 
changes in exchange rates during the period in which the U.S. Holder held the Security. A U.S. Holder 
will also recognise ordinary income or loss upon the receipt of instalment payments that are attributable 
to principal equal to the gain or loss attributable to changes in exchange rates. A U.S. Holder might be 
required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS if the U.S. Holder recognises foreign currency loss 
above certain thresholds (as described below under "Reportable Transactions"). 
Original Issue Discount 
Securities with a term greater than one year may be issued with OID for United States federal income 
tax purposes (such Securities, "OID Securities"). U.S. Holders generally must accrue OID in gross 
income over the term of an OID Security on a constant yield basis, regardless of their regular method of 
tax accounting. As a result, U.S. Holders may recognise taxable income in respect of an OID Security in 
advance of the receipt of cash attributable to such income.

--- Page 355 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
329 
 
OID generally will arise if the stated redemption or settlement price at maturity or expiry of a Security 
exceeds its issue price by an amount equal to or greater than 0.25 per cent. of the Security's stated 
redemption or settlement price at maturity or expiry multiplied by the number of complete years to 
maturity or expiry. In the case of a Security providing for instalment payments (i.e., payments prior to 
maturity or expiry other than qualified stated interest), this test is generally applied based on the Security's 
weighted average maturity or expiry. OID may arise if a Security is issued at a discount to its principal 
or nominal amount, and may also arise if a Security has particular interest payment characteristics, such 
as interest holidays, interest payable in additional securities or stepped interest. For this purpose, the issue 
price of a Security is the first price at which a substantial amount of Securities of that issue is sold for 
cash, other than to bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of 
underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers. The stated redemption or settlement price at maturity or 
expiry of a Security is the sum of all payments due under the Security other than payments of qualified 
stated interest. The term qualified stated interest generally means stated interest that is unconditionally 
payable in cash or property, other than debt instruments of the issuer, at least annually during the entire 
term of a Security at a single fixed rate of interest or, under particular conditions, based on one or more 
floating interest rates described below under "Variable Rate Debt Instruments". 
Under the OID rules, certain contingencies, including those that are remote, are disregarded for purposes 
of determining qualified stated interest on a Security. However, if a remote contingency actually occurs 
(for example, in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates, an early termination event that the 
Issuer had determined to be remote in which the Early Termination Amount is calculated as of the time 
of the early termination event but not paid until maturity), the Security could be treated as retired and 
reissued with OID. Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding 
the application of these rules. 
For each taxable year of a U.S. Holder, the amount of OID that must be included in gross income in 
respect of an OID Security will be the sum of the daily portions of OID for each day during that taxable 
year or any portion of the taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds the OID Security. Daily portions 
are determined by allocating to each day in an accrual period a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to 
that accrual period. Accrual periods may be of any length and may vary in length over the term of an 
OID Security. However, accrual periods may not be longer than one year, and each scheduled payment 
of principal or interest must occur on the first day or the final day of an accrual period. 
The amount of OID allocable to any accrual period generally will equal (1) the product of the OID 
Security's adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period multiplied by its yield to maturity 
or expiry (as adjusted to take into account the length of the accrual period), less (2) the amount, if any, 
of qualified stated interest allocable to that accrual period. The adjusted issue price of an OID Security 
at the beginning of any accrual period will equal the issue price of the OID Security, as defined above, 
(1) increased by previously accrued OID from prior accrual periods, and (2) reduced by any payment 
made on the Security, other than payments of qualified stated interest, on or before the first day of the 
accrual period. 
The Securities may have special redemption, settlement, repayment or interest rate reset features, as 
indicated in the applicable Issue Terms, that may affect whether a Security is an OID Security and, if so, 
the proper timing of recognition of the OID by a U.S. Holder. Securities containing such features may 
be subject to special rules that differ from the general rules discussed herein. Accordingly, prospective 
purchasers of Securities with such features should consult their tax advisors regarding these special rules. 
In the case of an OID Security that is also a Foreign Currency Security, a U.S. Holder should determine 
the U.S. dollar amount includible in income as OID for each accrual period by calculating the amount of 
OID allocable to that accrual period in the relevant foreign currency, using the constant-yield method 
described above and translating that amount into U.S. dollars using the average exchange rate in effect 
during that accrual period (or a portion thereof), or, at the U.S. Holder's election, at the spot rate of 
exchange on (1) the last day of the accrual period, or the last day of the taxable year within the accrual 
period if the accrual period spans more than one taxable year, or (2) on the date such OID is treated as 
paid (as described in the following paragraph), if that date is within five business days of the last day of 
the accrual period. Such an election must be applied consistently by the U.S. Holder to all Foreign 
Currency Securities from year to year and can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. 
Each payment on an OID Security that is a Foreign Currency Security, other than payments of qualified 
stated interest, generally will be viewed first as a payment of previously accrued OID to the extent

--- Page 356 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
330 
 
 
thereof, with the payment attributed first to the earliest accrued OID, and then as a payment of principal. 
Upon the receipt of an amount attributable to OID, whether in connection with a payment of an amount 
that is not qualified stated interest or the taxable disposition of the OID Security, a U.S. Holder will 
recognise foreign currency gain or loss that is ordinary income or loss measured by the difference 
between (1) the amount received and (2) the corresponding amount(s) previously accrued. The amount 
received will be translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate of exchange on the date of receipt, in the case 
of a payment on the OID Security, or on the date of the taxable disposition of the OID Security. The 
corresponding amount(s) accrued will be determined by using the rate(s) of exchange applicable to such 
previous accrual(s). Upon a taxable disposition of the Security, the amount of foreign currency income 
or loss recognised will be limited by the overall amount of gain or loss recognised on the taxable 
disposition. 
A U.S. Holder that purchases an OID Security for an amount less than or equal to the remaining 
redemption or settlement amount (as defined below), but in excess of the OID Security's adjusted issue 
price, generally is permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction. The numerator of this 
fraction is the acquisition premium (as defined below) and the denominator of the fraction is the excess 
of the remaining redemption or settlement amount over the OID Security's adjusted issue price. For the 
purposes of this section, "acquisition premium" means the excess of the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis 
in an OID Security over the OID Security's adjusted issue price and "remaining redemption or 
settlement amount" means the sum of all amounts payable on an OID Security after the purchase date 
other than payments of qualified stated interest. In the case of a Foreign Currency Security, the rules 
described in this paragraph are applied using units of the relevant foreign currency. 
Variable Rate Debt Instruments 
Certain Securities may be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as variable rate debt instruments 
("VRDIs"). Prospective purchasers should note that other Securities providing for variable rates of 
interest are treated not as VRDIs but as "contingent payment debt instruments", with consequences 
discussed below under "Contingent Payment Debt Instruments". 
Stated interest on a VRDI that provides for a single variable rate (a "Single-Rate VRDI") will be treated 
as qualified stated interest and will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it 
accrues or is received, in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of tax accounting. If the stated 
principal amount of a Single-Rate VRDI exceeds its issue price by an amount equal to or greater than the 
de minimis amount described above under "Original Issue Discount", this excess will be treated as OID 
that a U.S. Holder must include in income as it accrues, generally in accordance with the constant-yield 
method described above under "Original Issue Discount". The constant-yield accrual of OID on a VRDI 
is determined by substituting the value of the variable rate on the issue date (or, in certain cases, a fixed 
rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the VRDI) for each scheduled payment of the 
variable rate. A fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate where the 
variable rate on the issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (which will be conclusively 
presumed if the value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate 
by more than 0.25 per cent.) will be treated as a single variable rate for the purposes of this and the next 
paragraph. 
Different rules may apply to a VRDI that provides for (i) multiple variable rates or (ii) one or more 
variable rates and a single fixed rate (other than a fixed rate described in the preceding paragraph) (a 
"Multiple-Rate VRDI"). Under applicable Treasury regulations, in order to determine the amount of 
qualified stated interest and OID (if any) in respect of a Multiple-Rate VRDI, an equivalent fixed-rate 
debt instrument must be constructed. The equivalent fixed-rate debt instrument is constructed in the 
following manner: (i) if the Multiple-Rate VRDI contains a fixed rate, that fixed rate is converted to a 
variable rate that preserves the fair market value of the Security and then (ii) each variable rate (including 
a variable rate determined under (i) above) is converted to a fixed rate substitute (which generally will 
be the value of that variable rate as of the issue date of the Multiple-Rate VRDI (or, in certain cases, a 
fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the VRDI)) (the "equivalent fixed-rate 
debt instrument"). The rules discussed in "Original Issue Discount" are then applied to the equivalent 
fixed-rate debt instrument to determine the amount, if any, of OID and the amount of qualified stated 
interest. A U.S. Holder will be required to include any such OID in income for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes as it accrues, in accordance with a constant-yield method based on a compounding of interest, 
as described above under "Original Issue Discount".

--- Page 357 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
331 
 
The U.S. Holder is required to make adjustments to income to account for differences between actual 
payments on the Multiple-Rate VRDI and payments on the equivalent fixed-rate debt instrument. 
Prospective purchasers of Multiple-Rate VRDIs should consult their tax advisors regarding the rules 
applicable to these Securities. 
Upon the taxable disposition of a VRDI, a U.S. Holder generally will recognise capital gain or loss equal 
to the difference between the amount realised (other than amounts attributable to accrued qualified stated 
interest, which will be treated as described above under "Interest Payments on Securities") and the U.S. 
Holder's tax basis in the VRDI. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a VRDI will equal the amount the U.S. 
Holder paid to purchase the VRDI, increased by the amounts of OID (if any) the U.S. Holder has 
previously included in income with respect to the VRDI and reduced by any payments the U.S. Holder 
has received other than qualified stated interest. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain 
or loss if the U.S. Holder has held the VRDI for more than one year at the time of the taxable disposition 
and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise. Special rules apply to VRDIs that are Foreign Currency 
Securities, Market Discount Securities and Securities purchased at a premium, as discussed above and 
below. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
Certain Securities may be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as contingent payment debt 
instruments ("Contingent Securities"). Under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, interest on a 
Contingent Security is treated as OID and must be accrued on a constant-yield basis using (i) a yield to 
maturity or expiry that reflects the rate at which the Issuer would issue a comparable fixed-rate instrument 
with no contingent payments but with terms and conditions otherwise similar to the Contingent Security 
(the "comparable yield") and (ii) a projected payment schedule determined by the Issuer at the time the 
Contingent Security is issued (the "projected payment schedule"). This projected payment schedule 
must include each non-contingent payment on the Contingent Security and an estimated amount for each 
contingent payment, and must produce the comparable yield.  
The Issuer is generally required to provide to holders, solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a 
schedule of the projected amounts of payments on the Contingent Securities. If required in respect of an 
issue of Securities, the applicable Issue Terms will either contain the comparable yield and projected 
payment schedule, or will provide contact information through which a U.S. Holder of a Contingent 
Security can submit a request for this information.  
THE COMPARABLE YIELD AND PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE ARE NOT 
DETERMINED FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER THAN FOR THE DETERMINATION OF INTEREST 
ACCRUALS AND ADJUSTMENTS THEREOF IN RESPECT OF THE CONTINGENT SECURITIES 
FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THEY ARE BASED UPON A NUMBER OF 
ASSUMPTIONS AND ESTIMATES AND DO NOT CONSTITUTE A PROJECTION OR 
REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO THE HOLDERS OF, 
OR THE ACTUAL YIELD ON, THE CONTINGENT SECURITIES.  
A U.S. Holder generally will be bound by the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule 
determined by the Issuer unless the U.S. Holder determines its own comparable yield and projected 
payment schedule and explicitly and timely discloses and justifies such schedule to the IRS. The Issuer's 
determination, however, is not binding on the IRS, and it is possible that the IRS could conclude that 
some other comparable yield or projected payment schedule should be used instead.  
The amount of OID includible in income, as interest, by a U.S. Holder of a Contingent Security is the 
sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Contingent Security for each day during the taxable 
year or portion of the taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds the Contingent Security, generally as 
described above in "Original Issue Discount" (determined by substituting in that discussion the 
comparable yield for the "yield to maturity or expiry" and the projected payment schedule for the actual 
payments on the Security and treating no payment as qualified stated interest). Any net differences 
between actual payments received by the U.S. Holder on the Contingent Security in a taxable year and 
the projected amounts of those payments will be accounted for as additional interest (in the case of a net 
positive adjustment) or as an offset to interest income in respect of the Contingent Security (in the case 
of a net negative adjustment) for that taxable year. If the net negative adjustment for a taxable year 
exceeds the amount of interest on the Contingent Security for that year, the excess will be treated as 
ordinary loss in that year, but only to the extent the U.S. Holder's total interest inclusions on the

--- Page 358 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
332 
 
 
Contingent Security exceed the total amount of any ordinary loss in respect of the Contingent Security 
claimed by the U.S. Holder under this rule in prior taxable years. Such a loss (as well as any ordinary 
loss incurred in connection with the taxable disposition of a Contingent Security, as described in the 
following paragraph) is not treated as a miscellaneous itemised deduction (for which a deduction would 
be unavailable or, beginning in 2026, available only to a limited extent). Any net negative adjustment 
that is not allowed as an ordinary loss for the taxable year is carried forward to the next taxable year, and 
is taken into account in determining whether the U.S. Holder has a net positive or negative adjustment 
for that year. Any net negative adjustment that is carried forward to a taxable year in which the U.S. 
Holder sells or taxably disposes of the Contingent Security reduces the U.S. Holder's amount realised on 
the sale or other taxable disposition.  
Upon the taxable disposition of a Contingent Security prior to its stated maturity or expiry, a U.S. Holder 
generally will recognise taxable income or loss equal to the difference between the amount received from 
the taxable disposition and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Contingent Security. A U.S. Holder's tax 
basis in the Contingent Security will equal the cost thereof, increased by any interest income the U.S. 
Holder has previously accrued (determined by taking into account any adjustments made because the 
U.S. Holder purchased the Contingent Security at more or less than its adjusted issue price, as discussed 
in the next paragraph, but not taking into account adjustments due to differences between projected and 
actual payments) and decreased by the projected amounts of any payments previously made on the 
Contingent Security (without regard to actual amounts paid). At maturity or expiry, a U.S. Holder will 
be treated as receiving the projected amount for that date (reduced by any carryforward of a net negative 
adjustment), and any difference between the amount received and that projected amount will be treated 
as a positive or negative adjustment governed by the rules described above. A U.S. Holder generally 
must treat any income realised on the taxable disposition of a Contingent Security as interest income and 
any loss as ordinary loss to the extent of previous interest inclusions (reduced by the total amount of net 
negative adjustments previously taken into account as ordinary losses) and the balance as capital loss, 
the deductibility of which is subject to limitations. If a U.S. Holder recognises a loss above certain 
thresholds, the U.S. Holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS (as described 
below under "Reportable Transactions"). U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding this 
reporting obligation.  
The discussions below under "Market Discount" and "Securities Purchased at a Premium" do not apply 
to Contingent Securities. If a U.S. Holder purchases a Contingent Security for an amount that is less than 
its adjusted issue price, the U.S. Holder must (i) make a positive adjustment increasing the interest the 
U.S. Holder would otherwise accrue to the extent such amount is attributable to a change in interest rates 
and/or (ii) make a positive adjustment increasing the ordinary income (or decreasing the ordinary loss) 
that the U.S. Holder would otherwise recognise upon the date of a projected payment to the extent such 
amount is attributable to a change in expectations as to the amount of that projected payment. If a U.S. 
Holder purchases a Contingent Security for an amount that is greater than its adjusted issue price, the 
U.S. Holder must (i) make a negative adjustment decreasing the interest that the U.S. Holder would 
otherwise accrue to the extent such amount is attributable to a change in interest rates and/or (ii) make a 
negative adjustment decreasing the ordinary income (or increasing the ordinary loss) that the U.S. Holder 
would otherwise recognise upon the date of a projected payment to the extent such amount is attributable 
to a change in expectations as to the amount of that projected payment.  
Special rules may apply if all the remaining payments on a Contingent Security become fixed 
substantially contemporaneously. For this purpose, payments will be treated as fixed if the remaining 
contingencies with respect to them are remote or incidental. Under these rules, a U.S. Holder would be 
required to account for the difference between the original projected payments and the fixed payments 
in a reasonable manner over the period to which the difference relates. In addition, a U.S. Holder would 
be required to make adjustments to, among other things, its accrual periods and its tax basis in the 
Contingent Security. The character of any gain or loss on a sale or other taxable disposition of the 
Contingent Security also might be affected. If one or more (but not all) contingent payments on a 
Contingent Security became fixed more than six months prior to the relevant payment date(s), a U.S. 
Holder would be required to account for the difference between the original projected payment(s) and 
the fixed payment(s) on a present value basis. Prospective purchasers of Contingent Securities should 
consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules.

--- Page 359 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
333 
 
Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
Special rules apply to determine the accrual of OID and the amount, timing, and character of any gain or 
loss on a Security that is a contingent payment debt instrument denominated in, or whose payments are 
determined by reference to, a foreign currency (a "Foreign Currency Contingent Security"). The term 
"Foreign Currency Contingent Security" also applies to certain debt instruments denominated in, or 
providing for payments determined by reference to, multiple currencies. The discussions below under 
"Securities Purchased at a Premium" and "Market Discount" do not apply to Foreign Currency 
Contingent Securities. 
Under these rules, a U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security generally will be required 
to accrue OID in the foreign currency in which the Foreign Currency Contingent Security is denominated, 
if applicable, or in the foreign currency with reference to which payments on the Security are determined 
(or, in the case of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security that has payments determined by reference to 
more than one foreign currency, in the "predominant currency" determined under applicable Treasury 
regulations) (the "relevant foreign currency"). A U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency Contingent 
Security will apply rules similar to those applicable to Contingent Securities, as described above under 
"Contingent Payment Debt Instruments", to determine OID accruals, account for net positive or net 
negative adjustments, and calculate income or loss on the taxable disposition of the Foreign Currency 
Contingent Security. All such determinations are made in the relevant foreign currency. A highly 
complex set of rules governs the translation into U.S. dollars of the amounts determined in the relevant 
foreign currency and the related determination of foreign currency gain or loss. Prospective purchasers 
of Foreign Currency Contingent Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding these rules. A U.S. 
Holder might be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS if the U.S. Holder recognises foreign 
currency loss above certain thresholds (as described below under "Reportable Transactions"). 
Short-Term Securities 
Certain modifications to the general rules apply to Securities with a term of one year or less (from but 
excluding the issue date to and including the last possible date that the Securities could be outstanding 
pursuant to their terms) ("Short-Term Securities"). 
First, none of the interest on a Short-Term Security is treated as qualified stated interest. Instead, interest 
on a Short-Term Security is treated as part of the Short-Term Security's stated redemption or settlement 
price at maturity or expiry, thereby giving rise to OID equal to the sum of all payments on the Security 
less the Security's issue price. OID will be treated as accruing on a Short-Term Security rateably, or, at 
the election of a U.S. Holder, under a constant yield method. 
Second, a cash-method holder of a Short-Term Security generally will not be required to include OID in 
respect of the Short-Term Security in income on a current basis. However, the cash-method holder may 
not be allowed to deduct all of the interest paid or accrued on any indebtedness incurred or maintained 
to purchase or carry the Security until the maturity or expiry of the Security or its earlier taxable 
disposition. In addition, such a cash-method holder will be required to treat any gain realised on a taxable 
disposition of the Security as ordinary income to the extent of the holder's accrued OID on the Security, 
and as short-term capital gain to the extent the gain exceeds the accrued OID. Any resulting loss generally 
will be treated as a short-term capital loss, the deductibility of which is subject to limitations. If a U.S. 
Holder recognises a loss above certain thresholds, the U.S. Holder may be required to file a disclosure 
statement with the IRS (as described below under "Reportable Transactions"). A cash-method holder of 
a Short-Term Security may, however, elect to accrue OID into income on a current basis. In that case, 
the limitation on the deductibility of interest described above will not apply. An accrual-method holder 
generally will be required to include OID on a Short-Term Security in income on a current basis. 
Third, Short-Term Securities will not be subject to the rules applicable to Contingent Securities. 
However, a Short-Term Security may have special redemption or settlement features or provide for other 
contingent payments. These features may cause uncertainty regarding the timing and character of income 
to be recognised on the Short-Term Security. Prospective purchasers of Short-Term Securities with such 
features should consult their tax advisors regarding these uncertainties.

--- Page 360 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
334 
 
 
Market Discount 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Security, other than a Short-Term Security, Contingent Security or Foreign 
Currency Contingent Security, for an amount that is less than the Security's stated redemption or 
settlement price at maturity or expiry or, in the case of an OID Security, for an amount that is less than 
the Security's revised issue price (i.e., the Security's issue price increased by the amount of accrued OID), 
the Security will be considered to have market discount (a "Market Discount Security"). The market 
discount rules are subject to a de minimis rule similar to the rule relating to de minimis OID described 
above (in the second paragraph under "Original Issue Discount"). Any gain recognised by the U.S. 
Holder on the taxable disposition of a Market Discount Security generally will be treated as ordinary 
income to the extent of the market discount that accrued on the Security while held by such U.S. Holder. 
For Securities providing for instalment payments, a U.S. Holder will be required to recognise accrued 
market discount upon receipt of instalment payments. 
Alternatively, the U.S. Holder may elect to include market discount in income currently over the term of 
the Security. Such an election will apply to debt instruments with market discount acquired by the U.S. 
Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which such election applies and may be revoked 
only with the consent of the IRS. Market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. 
Holder elects to accrue the market discount on a constant-yield method. Unless the U.S. Holder elects to 
include market discount in income on a current basis, as described above, the U.S. Holder generally will 
be required to defer the deduction of a portion of the interest paid on any indebtedness incurred or 
maintained to purchase or carry the Security. 
Market discount on a Foreign Currency Security will be determined by a U.S. Holder in the relevant 
foreign currency. The amount includible in income by a U.S. Holder in respect of accrued market 
discount will be the U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued. This is generally calculated at the spot rate 
of exchange on the date that the Security is disposed of by the U.S. Holder. Any accrued market discount 
on a Foreign Currency Security that is currently includible in income generally will be translated into 
U.S. dollars at the average exchange rate for the accrual period or portion of such accrual period within 
the U.S. Holder's taxable year. 
Securities Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Security (other than a Contingent Security or Foreign Currency 
Contingent Security) for an amount in excess of the remaining redemption or settlement amount (as 
defined above under "Original Issue Discount") will be considered to have purchased the Security at a 
premium. In that case, the OID rules will not apply to the Security. The U.S. Holder may elect to amortise 
the premium, as an offset to qualified stated interest, using a constant-yield method, over the remaining 
term of the Security. This election, once made, generally applies to all debt instruments held or 
subsequently acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the beginning of the first taxable year to which the 
election applies and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder that elects to 
amortise bond premium must reduce its tax basis in a Security by the amount of the premium amortised 
during its holding period. Special rules may affect the U.S. Holder's ability to amortise bond premium if 
a Security may be redeemed or terminated at the Issuer's election at a price in excess of the Security's 
stated redemption or settlement price at maturity or expiry. Prospective purchasers who anticipate 
acquiring Securities with such features at a premium should consult their tax advisors regarding these 
special rules. If a U.S. Holder does not elect to amortise bond premium, the U.S. Holder generally will 
treat the premium as capital loss when the Security matures. 
Amortisable bond premium in respect of a Foreign Currency Security will be computed in the relevant 
currency and will reduce qualified stated interest in that currency. At the time amortised bond premium 
offsets interest income, foreign currency gain or loss, which will be taxable as ordinary income or loss, 
will be realised on the amortised bond premium on such Security based on the difference between (1) the 
spot rate of exchange on the date or dates such premium offsets interest payments on the Security and 
(2) the spot rate of exchange on the date on which the U.S. Holder acquired the Security. 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatment 
There is no authority regarding the proper U.S. federal tax treatment of Debt Designated Securities 
(including certain Credit Linked Notes that are Debt Designated Securities) that do not provide for the 
return at maturity or expiry of a holder's investment under all circumstances. It is possible that all or any

--- Page 361 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
335 
 
portion of such a Security could be recharacterised as other than a debt instrument, in which case the 
character and timing of income on the Security may be different for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In 
addition, even if the Issuer treats a Credit Linked Note as debt for U.S. federal tax purposes, the 
consequences of a Risk Event or a Credit Event may not be clear, depending on the circumstances. 
Even if the tax treatment of the Securities as debt is respected, it is possible that Securities that the Issuer 
does not intend to treat as Contingent Securities or Foreign Currency Contingent Securities could be 
treated as Contingent Securities or Foreign Currency Contingent Securities, with the consequences 
described above under "Contingent Payment Debt Instruments" or "Foreign Currency Contingent 
Payment Debt Instruments", respectively. 
Securities Not Treated as Debt  
The discussions below address various categories of Securities that the Issuer intends to treat for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes as other than debt, as indicated by the statement under "United States Tax 
Considerations" in the applicable Issue Terms ("Non-Debt Designated Securities"). As discussed under 
"General", this section does not address the U.S. federal tax treatment of Preference Share Linked 
Securities. 
Due to the absence of controlling statutory, judicial or administrative authorities that directly address the 
U.S. federal tax treatment of non-debt Securities or similar instruments, significant aspects of the tax 
treatment of an investment in these Securities are uncertain. The following discussions of specific types 
of non-debt Securities generally assume that the Issuer's intended treatment of each type of Security is 
respected. These discussions are subject to, and should be read in conjunction with, the section below 
entitled "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt". 
As discussed in that section, alternative treatments of the Securities are possible, and even if the Issuer's 
general characterisation of the relevant Securities is respected there may nonetheless be uncertainty about 
specific aspects of the tax treatment of the relevant Securities. The Issuer does not plan to request a ruling 
from the IRS, and the IRS or a court might not agree with the treatments described below. Accordingly, 
prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding all aspects of the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of an investment in the Securities. 
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or there is another change to the Securities that results in 
the Securities being treated as reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in "Other U.S. 
Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt—Possible Taxable 
Event Under Section 1001 of the Code", the treatment of the Securities after such an event could differ 
from their prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, the discussion herein assumes that no such 
deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred.  
Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options 
The following discussion applies only to Securities, not providing for any payments prior to maturity, 
expiry or early termination, that the Issuer treats for U.S. federal income tax purposes as prepaid forward 
contracts or options.  
A U.S. Holder generally should not be required to recognise taxable income over the term of a Security 
prior to maturity or expiry, other than pursuant to a taxable disposition as described below.  
Upon a taxable disposition of a Security for cash and/or property (other, generally, than the delivery of 
the Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Security), a U.S. Holder should recognise gain or 
loss equal to the difference between the cash and/or the value of property received and the U.S. Holder's 
tax basis in the Security. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Security generally should equal the amount paid 
to acquire it. Subject to the discussion below under "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable 
to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt - Possible Application of Section 988 of the Code", "Other 
U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt - Possible 
Application of Section 1260 of the Code" and "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to 
Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt - Possible Application of Section 1256 of the Code", this gain 
or loss generally should be long-term capital gain or loss if at the time of the sale, exchange or retirement 
the U.S. Holder held the Security for more than one year, and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise. 
However, for Securities linked to rates, the IRS may assert that any gain or loss recognized by a U.S. 
Holder upon settlement of the Securities at maturity, expiry or termination should be treated as ordinary

--- Page 362 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
336 
 
 
gain or loss. In the event of an ordinary loss to a U.S. Holder that is an individual, the loss may be treated 
as a non-deductible "miscellaneous itemized deduction". You should consult your tax advisor regarding 
the character of gain or loss recognized upon a settlement of the Securities at maturity, expiry or 
termination. 
The tax consequences of receipt of the Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Security are not 
clear. If receipt of the Underlying is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the physical 
settlement of the Security, subject to the discussion below under "Possible Application of Section 1260 
of the Code", the U.S. Holder generally should not recognise any gain or loss with respect to the 
Underlying received. Under this treatment, a U.S. Holder should have an aggregate tax basis in the 
Underlying (including any fractional Underlying for which cash is received) equal to the U.S. Holder's 
tax basis in the Security, plus any exercise price or other amounts paid in connection with exercise of the 
Security, and should have a holding period in that Underlying beginning on the day after receipt. With 
respect to any cash received in lieu of a fractional Underlying, a U.S. Holder should recognise capital 
gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of that cash and the tax basis 
allocable to the fractional Underlying. However, it is possible that receipt of the Underlying could be 
treated as a taxable disposition of the Security for an amount equal to the fair market value of the 
Underlying, less any amounts paid by the U.S. Holder on exercise, in which case the U.S. Holder would 
recognise gain or loss (subject to potential treatment as a recapitalization or, in the case of loss, to the 
possible application of the wash sale rules) as described in the previous paragraph. In that event, the 
Underlying received would generally be treated as purchased for its fair market value on the date of 
receipt. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of 
delivery of the Underlying. 
In some cases, a Security may provide for amounts that are fixed or accrue prior to maturity or expiry 
but are paid at maturity or expiry (or, depending on the terms of the Security, upon an early retirement). 
In that event, a U.S. Holder might be required to treat such amounts as ordinary income, either at maturity 
or expiry or as they are fixed or accrue. Alternatively, if the entire amount of the payment at maturity or 
expiry becomes fixed or subject to a minimum level prior to maturity or expiry, the Security might be 
treated as terminated for U.S. federal income tax purposes at such time, in which case a U.S. Holder 
could be required to recognise gain, if any, in respect of the Security and to treat the Security as debt 
thereafter. See "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated 
as Debt". Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the treatment of such 
payments. 
Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options with Associated Periodic Payments 
The following discussion applies only to Securities that the Issuer treats for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes as prepaid forward contracts or options with associated periodic payments. Unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, this discussion also applies to a Security that provides for non-
periodic payment(s) prior to maturity, expiry or early retirement.  
Insofar as it has information reporting responsibility in respect of a Security, the Issuer expects to treat 
the periodic payments (including the periodic payment at maturity or expiry) as ordinary income, which 
the U.S. Holder would recognise in accordance with its method of accounting for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. It is possible that the timing and character of income with respect to a periodic payment 
could be different, as described below. See "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to 
Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt" (including, for example, Warrants that the relevant Issuer treats 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as prepaid forward contracts linked to one or more non-U.S. equities 
and that provide for cash payments determined by reference to dividends (if any) on the Underlying (such 
other cash payments, non-U.S. dividend-linked payments, and each such warrant, an "Access Warrant"). 
With respect to Delta One Warrants and any other Warrants that the Issuer treats for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as prepaid forward contracts linked to one or more non-U.S. equities that provide solely for 
(i) a payment at maturity, expiry or earlier retirement of cash determined by reference to the value of the 
Underlying (or physical delivery of the Underlying) and (ii) other cash payments determined by reference 
to dividends (if any) on the Underlying (such other cash payments, non-U.S. dividend-linked payments, 
and each such warrant, an Access Warrant), a U.S. Holder generally should not be required to recognise 
taxable income over the term of the Access Warrants prior to maturity or expiry, except with respect to 
non-U.S. dividend-linked payments, as discussed below.

--- Page 363 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
337 
 
Upon a taxable disposition of a Security for cash and/or property (other than the Underlying) a U.S. 
Holder generally should recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between (i) the cash and/or property 
received and (ii) the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Security. However, any periodic payment received at 
maturity or expiry will, and the treatment of any sales proceeds attributable to an accrued but unpaid 
periodic payment may, be treated as described in the preceding paragraph. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a 
Security generally should equal the amount paid to acquire it. This gain or loss generally should be long-
term capital gain or loss if at the time of the taxable disposition the U.S. Holder held the Security for 
more than one year, and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise.  
The tax consequences of receipt of the Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Security are not 
clear. If receipt of the Underlying is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the physical 
settlement of the Security, the U.S. Holder generally should not recognise any gain or loss with respect 
to the Underlying received.  Under this treatment, a U.S. Holder should have an aggregate tax basis in 
the Underlying (including any fractional Underlying for which cash is received) equal to the U.S. 
Holder's tax basis in the Security, plus any exercise price or other amounts paid in connection with 
exercise of the Security, and should have a holding period in that Underlying beginning on the day after 
receipt. With respect to any cash received in lieu of a fractional Underlying, a U.S. Holder should 
recognise capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of that cash and 
the tax basis allocable to the fractional Underlying. However, it is possible that receipt of the Underlying 
could be treated as a taxable disposition of the Security for an amount equal to the fair market value of 
the Underlying, less any amounts paid by the U.S. Holder on exercise, in which case the U.S. Holder 
would recognise gain or loss (subject to potential treatment as a recapitalization or, in the case of loss, to 
the possible application of the wash sale rules) as described in the previous paragraph. In that event, the 
Underlying received would generally be treated as purchased for its fair market value on the date of 
receipt. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of 
delivery of the Underlying. 
Securities Treated as Put Options and Deposits 
The following discussion applies only to a Security that the Issuer treats as a put option (the "Put 
Option") written by the U.S. Holder with respect to the Underlying, secured by a deposit equal to the 
stated principal amount of the Security (the "Deposit"). It generally assumes that the U.S. Holder 
purchases the Security for its stated principal amount. Under this treatment:  
• 
a portion of each periodic payment made with respect to a Security will be attributable to interest 
on the Deposit; and  
• 
the remainder will represent option premium attributable to the U.S. Holder's grant of the Put 
Option (with respect to each payment received and, collectively, all periodic payments received, 
the "Put Premium").  
It is possible that the timing and character of income with respect to a periodic payment could be different, 
as described below under "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not 
Treated as Debt".  
If the term of a Security is not more than one year (taking into account the last possible date that the 
Securities could be outstanding pursuant to their terms), the Deposit will be treated as a "short-term 
obligation" generally subject to the rules described under "Securities Treated as Debt - Short-Term 
Securities" above.  
If the term of a Security is more than one year (taking into account the last possible date that the Securities 
could be outstanding pursuant to their terms), subject to anything to the contrary in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer generally intends to treat the Deposit as a fixed rate debt instrument or a "Single-Rate 
VRDI", depending on the terms of the Security, and the following discussion is based on this treatment. 
Under this treatment, interest on the Deposit generally will be taxable as ordinary interest income at the 
time it accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of tax accounting. If, however, 
the terms of the Deposit cause it instead to be treated as a "contingent payment debt instrument", as 
described above under "Securities Treated as Debt – Contingent Payment Debt Instruments", the timing 
and character of income recognised on the Deposit will be as described in that section.

--- Page 364 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
338 
 
 
The Put Premium should not be taken into account until the taxable disposition of a Security. Where 
relevant, the Issuer will provide the percentage of each periodic payment that is allocated to interest on 
the Deposit and to Put Premium in the applicable Issue Terms. This allocation is binding on a U.S. Holder 
unless the U.S. Holder discloses otherwise on its U.S. federal income tax return; however, it is not binding 
on the IRS.  
Upon a taxable disposition of a Security prior to maturity, expiry or earlier termination, a U.S. Holder 
should apportion the amount realised between the Deposit and the Put Option based on their respective 
values on the date of the taxable disposition. Except with respect to any amount attributable to accrued 
interest on the Deposit, which, if not previously included in income, should generally be treated as a 
payment of interest (in the case of a short-term Security, only to the extent of the gain recognised), a U.S. 
Holder will recognise gain or loss with respect to the Deposit in an amount equal to the difference 
between (i) the amount realised that is apportioned to the Deposit (the "Deposit Value") and (ii) the U.S. 
Holder's basis in the Deposit (i.e., the issue price of the Security). Such gain or loss will be long-term 
capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has held the Security for more than one year, and short-term capital 
gain or loss otherwise. If the amount of a periodic payment in respect of an accrual period is not known 
until the end of the relevant observation period, it is not clear how much interest, if any, will be treated 
as having accrued on the Deposit at the time of a taxable disposition prior to maturity or expiry. 
Any difference between the amount realised on the taxable disposition and the Deposit Value will be 
apportioned to the Put Option. If the Deposit Value exceeds the amount realised upon the taxable 
disposition of a Security, a U.S. Holder will be treated as having made a payment equal to such excess 
in exchange for the purchaser's assumption of the Put Option. A U.S. Holder should recognise short-term 
capital gain or loss in respect of the Put Option in an amount equal to the total Put Premium previously 
received, decreased by the amount deemed to be paid by the U.S. Holder, or increased by the amount 
deemed to be paid to the U.S. Holder, in exchange for the purchaser's assumption of the Put Option.  
The periodic payment received at maturity, expiry or earlier termination should be treated as described 
above under "Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options with Associated Periodic 
Payments 
". 
If a Security is retired for its stated principal amount (without taking into account any periodic payment), 
the Put Option should be deemed to have expired unexercised, in which case a U.S. Holder should 
generally recognise short-term capital gain in an amount equal to the sum of all payments of Put Premium 
received, including the Put Premium received at maturity or expiry.  
At maturity or expiry, if a U.S. Holder receives an amount of cash and/or property (other than the 
Underlying), not counting the final periodic payment, that is different from the stated principal amount, 
the Put Option generally should be deemed to have been exercised and the U.S. Holder should be deemed 
to have applied the Deposit toward the cash settlement of the Put Option. In that case, the U.S. Holder 
should generally recognise short-term capital gain or loss with respect to the Put Option in an amount 
equal to the difference between (i) the sum of the total Put Premium received (including the Put Premium 
received at maturity or expiry) and the cash and/or other property the U.S. Holder receives at maturity or 
expiry, excluding the final periodic payment, and (ii) the Deposit. 
If the Underlying is an interest in an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
it is unclear whether any capital gain or loss recognised in respect of the Put Option upon retirement of 
the Security should be treated as long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, respectively, if the U.S. 
Holder has held the Security for more than a year at that time. Prospective purchasers should consult 
their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of purchasing a Security linked to such an interest. 
The tax consequences of receipt of the Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Security are not 
clear. If receipt of the Underlying is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the physical 
settlement of the Security, the Put Option will be deemed to have been exercised, and the U.S. Holder 
should be deemed to have applied the Deposit toward the physical settlement of the Put Option. Under 
this treatment, a U.S. Holder should not recognise any income or gain in respect of the total Put Premium 
received (including the Put Premium received at maturity or expiry) and should not recognise any gain 
or loss with respect to any Underlying received. Instead, a U.S. Holder should have an aggregate tax 
basis in the Underlying received (including any fractional Underlying) equal to the Deposit less the total

--- Page 365 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
339 
 
Put Premium received over the term of the Securities. A U.S. Holder's holding period for any Underlying 
received should start on the day after receipt. With respect to any cash received in lieu of a fractional 
Underlying, a U.S. Holder should recognise capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference 
between the amount of cash received in lieu of the fractional Underlying and the pro rata portion of the 
U.S. Holder's aggregate tax basis that is allocable to the fractional Underlying. However, it is possible 
that receipt of the Underlying could be treated as a taxable disposition of the Security for an amount 
equal to the fair market value of the Underlying, in which case the U.S. Holder would recognise gain or 
loss as described above (subject, in the case of loss, to the possible application of the wash sale rules). In 
that event, the Underlying received would generally be treated as purchased for its fair market value on 
the date of receipt. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the tax 
consequences of delivery of the Underlying. 
Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt 
Alternative U.S. federal income tax treatments of the Securities are possible that, if applied, could 
materially and adversely affect the timing and/or character of income, gain or loss with respect to non-
debt Securities. For instance, a Security could be treated as a debt instrument, notwithstanding the Issuer's 
treatment of it as a non-debt instrument, in which case (i) physical delivery of the Underlying would be 
a taxable event, and (ii) the consequences of owning the Security would generally be as described above 
under "Securities Treated as Debt—Short-Term Securities" or "Securities Treated as Debt—Contingent 
Payment Debt Instruments", as applicable. Moreover, if the payment at maturity or expiry on a non-debt 
Security were to become fixed or subject to a minimum level prior to maturity or expiry, a U.S. Holder 
might be required to treat the Security as debt after that date and also possibly to recognise gain at that 
time. Alternatively, any payments received prior to the disposition of a non-debt Security might be treated 
as a non-taxable return of capital, which would affect the determination of gain or loss upon the taxable 
disposition of the non-debt Security. It is also possible that a U.S. Holder could be treated as owning the 
Underlying, in which case the tax consequences might be materially and adversely affected.  
For Securities linked to an Underlying that is not a specific asset, for example a Rate, the IRS may assert 
that (i) any gain or loss recognised at maturity or expiry of the Security could be treated as ordinary 
income instead of capital gain or loss and (ii) any loss so recognised as ordinary could be treated as a 
non-deductible "miscellaneous itemized deduction". 
You should consult your tax advisor regarding the character of gain or loss recognized upon a settlement 
of the Securities at maturity, expiry or termination. With respect to Securities treated as prepaid forward 
contracts or options with associated periodic payments and Securities treated as Put Options and 
Deposits, the periodic payments on the Securities might not be accounted for separately as giving rise to 
income to a U.S. Holder until the sale, exchange or retirement of the Securities. In the case of Securities 
treated as Put Options and Deposits, the entire periodic payment on the Security could be treated as 
ordinary income at the time received or accrued. In either case, such an alternative treatment would affect, 
among other things, the determination of gain or loss upon the taxable disposition of the relevant Security. 
Other possible U.S. federal income tax treatments of the Securities could also affect the timing and 
character of income or loss with respect to the Securities. In addition, the U.S. Treasury Department and 
the IRS have requested comments on various issues regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of 
"prepaid forward contracts" and similar financial instruments and have indicated that such transactions 
may be the subject of future regulations or other guidance. In addition, members of Congress have 
proposed legislative changes to the tax treatment of derivative contracts. Any legislation, Treasury 
regulations or other guidance promulgated after consideration of these issues could materially and 
adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in the Securities, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors concerning the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of an investment in the Securities, including possible alternative treatments and potential 
changes in applicable law.  
Possible Application of Section 1260 of the Code 
If a Security is linked to an Underlying that is an equity interest in one of a specified list of entities, 
including an exchange-traded fund or other regulated investment company (e.g., a mutual fund), a real 
estate investment trust, partnership, trust or PFIC, it is possible, depending upon the specific terms of the 
Security, that an investment in the Security will be treated as a "constructive ownership transaction" 
within the meaning of Section 1260 of the Code. In that case, all or a portion of any long-term capital

--- Page 366 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
340 
 
 
gain otherwise recognised by a U.S. Holder in respect of the Security would be recharacterised as 
ordinary income to the extent such gain exceeded the "net underlying long-term capital gain". Although 
the matter is unclear, the "net underlying long-term capital gain" may equal the amount of long-term 
capital gain a U.S. Holder would have realised if on the issue date the U.S. Holder had invested the 
amount paid to acquire the Security in the relevant Underlying and sold those Underlying units for their 
fair market value at the time the relevant Security is sold, exchanged or retired (which would generally 
reflect the percentage increase, if any, in the value of the Underlying over the term of the Securities). 
However, the "net underlying long-term capital  
gain" could be calculated in other ways. The 
amount of "net underlying long-term capital gain" is treated as zero unless the actual amount of "net 
underlying long-term capital gain" is established by clear and convincing evidence. Any long-term 
capital gain recharacterised as ordinary income under Section 1260 would be treated as accruing at a 
constant rate over the period the U.S. Holder held the Security, and the U.S. Holder would be subject to 
a notional interest charge in respect of the deemed tax liability on the income treated as accruing in prior 
tax years. Moreover, if a Security that is treated as a constructive ownership transaction is physically 
settled, Section 1260 is applied to any gain that would be recognized on the Security if the U.S. Holder 
had disposed of the Security for its fair market value upon such settlement in a taxable disposition. 
Securities linked to certain Underlyings could, if a U.S. Holder is an individual or other non-corporate 
investor, be subject to tax at the higher rates applicable to "collectibles" instead of the general rates that 
apply to long-term capital gain. See "Possible Higher Tax on Securities Linked to "Collectibles"" below. 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of Section 
1260 of the Code to the Securities. 
Possible Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code  
If there is (i) any Adjustment Event, including but not limited to the replacement of the Underlying, (ii) 
a change in the methodology by which an Index is calculated, (iii) a change in the components of an 
Index, (iv) any other circumstance resulting in a material change to the Underlying or a rate referenced 
by a Security, (v) a redenomination, (vi) a designation by the Issuer of a Substitute for itself, or (vii) any 
other circumstance resulting in a material change to the terms of a Security, it is possible that the 
Securities could be treated, in whole or part, as retired and reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In the event of a deemed retirement, a U.S. Holder might be required to recognise gain or loss (subject 
to potential treatment as a recapitalization or, in the case of loss, to the possible application of the wash 
sale rules) with respect to the Securities. Moreover, the treatment of the Securities after such an event 
could differ from their prior treatment. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding 
the risk of such an event. 
Possible Application of Section 988 of the Code  
If the Underlying in respect of a Security consists of one or more foreign currencies, foreign currency 
debt instruments, contingent foreign currency debt instruments, or indices or derivatives with respect to 
the foregoing, it is likely that the Security will be subject to Section 988 of the Code. In that case, subject 
to the election discussed in the next sentence, any gain or loss recognised on the Security generally will 
be treated as ordinary income or loss instead of capital gain or loss. While a taxpayer may elect to treat 
gain or loss on certain non-debt instruments linked to one or more foreign currencies as capital gain or 
loss (a "Section 988 election"), depending on the terms of the Security, it is unclear whether a "Section 
988 election" would be available for Securities treated as prepaid forward contracts or options, and 
doubtful that it would be available for other Securities. In addition, assuming Section 988 of the Code 
applies to the Securities and a valid Section 988 election is not made, a U.S. Holder might be subject to 
special reporting requirements that apply to foreign currency losses that exceed certain thresholds (as 
described below under "Reportable Transactions"). Prospective purchasers should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the potential application of Section 988 of the Code and the availability and 
advisability of making a "Section 988 election".  
With respect to Securities treated as Put Options and Deposits, not described in the preceding paragraph, 
that are denominated in or determined by reference to a foreign currency, the Deposit (but not, generally, 
a Put Option that references a non-currency Underlying) may be subject to special rules under Section 
988 of the Code that are applicable to foreign currency debt as described above under "Tax Consequences 
to U.S. Holders—Securities Treated as Debt". Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors 
regarding the potential application of Section 988 to the Securities.

--- Page 367 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
341 
 
Possible Application of Section 1256 of the Code 
Special rules will apply if a Security is treated in whole or in part as subject to the mark-to-market rules 
of Section 1256 of the Code. Section 1256 applies, among others, to "foreign currency contracts", as well 
as certain options listed on or subject to the rules of a qualified board or exchange. If Section 1256 of the 
Code were to apply to a Security, a U.S. Holder would be required (i) to recognise gain or loss on all, or 
a portion, of the Security as if it were sold at its fair market value on the last business day of each year it 
is held, and (ii) to treat such gain or loss as 40 per cent. short-term capital gain or loss and 60 per cent. 
long-term capital gain or loss (subject, in the case of a foreign currency contract, to the U.S. Holder's 
making a valid Section 988 election as described above). In the absence of a valid Section 988 election 
with respect to a Security treated as a "foreign currency contract", the gain or loss recognised would be 
ordinary and, in the case of loss, could be subject to special reporting requirements (as described below 
under "Reportable Transactions"). Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the 
potential application of Section 1256 of the Code to the Securities. 
Possible Higher Tax on Securities Linked to "Collectibles" 
Under current law, long-term capital gain recognised on a sale of "collectibles" (which includes, among 
others, metals) or an ownership interest in certain entities that hold collectibles is generally taxed at the 
maximum 28 per cent. rate applicable to collectibles. It is possible that long-term capital gain from a 
taxable disposition of certain non-debt Securities linked to an Underlying that is a collectible or is one of 
certain entities holding collectibles would be subject to the maximum 28 per cent. rate applicable to 
collectibles, instead of the lower long-term capital gain rate. Prospective purchasers should consult their 
tax advisors regarding an investment in a Security linked to a collectible or to an entity holding 
collectibles.  
Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders  
Securities Issued by a U.S. Issuer 
Securities Treated as Debt 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. 
Holders in respect of Debt Designated Securities (as defined above) issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
(each, a "U.S. Issuer"). It generally assumes that the Issuer's intended treatment of the Securities as debt 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes is respected. Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult 
their tax advisors about the risk that the IRS challenges the Issuer's treatment of the Securities. Certain 
exceptions to these general rules and other special considerations are discussed below under "Other U.S. 
Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders" and "FATCA", and therefore this discussion is subject 
to, and should be read in conjunction with, the discussion contained in those sections. 
Interest payments on a Security issued by a U.S. Issuer should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding 
tax, as long as (1) the Non-U.S. Holder does not actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of 
the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the U.S. Issuer entitled to vote, (2) the Non-
U.S. Holder is not (i) a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is related 
to the U.S. Issuer through stock ownership or (ii) a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement 
entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, (3) such interest is not contingent on the U.S. 
Issuer's profits, revenues or changes in the value of its property and is not otherwise excluded from the 
definition of "portfolio interest" by Section 871(h)(4) of the Code, and (4) the Non-U.S. Holder provides 
a statement signed under penalties of perjury that certifies that it is a non-United States person in 
compliance with applicable requirements (generally, an appropriate IRS Form W-8) or satisfies certain 
documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-United States person. Gain realised 
by a Non-U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Security (which excludes amounts attributable to 
accrued interest) generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax. 
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or there is another change to the Securities that results in 
the Securities being treated as reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in "Tax 
Consequences to U.S. Holders—Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That 
Are Not Treated as Debt—Possible Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code", the treatment of the 
Securities after such an event could differ from their prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, 
the discussion herein assumes that no such deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred.

--- Page 368 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
342 
 
 
As discussed under "Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders—Securities Treated as Debt—Possible 
Alternative Tax Treatment" above, there is no authority regarding the proper U.S. federal tax treatment 
of Debt Designated Securities (including certain Credit Linked Notes that are Debt Designated 
Securities) that do not provide for the return at maturity or expiry of a holder’s investment under all 
circumstances. The Issuer’s intended treatment of such Securities is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS 
could disagree with it. If such a Security were treated as an instrument other than debt, interest payments 
on the Security, if paid by a U.S. Issuer, could be subject to withholding at a rate of 30 per cent., subject 
to reduction under an applicable income tax treaty. Insofar as it has responsibility as a withholding agent 
in respect of such Securities, the Issuer currently does not intend to withhold on payments on such 
Securities to Non-U.S. Holders (subject to the certification requirements and the exceptions described 
herein). However, it is possible that other withholding agents may withhold on interest payments on such 
Securities, and in the future the Issuer may determine that it is required to so withhold. In addition, even 
if the relevant Issuer treats a Credit Linked Note as debt for U.S. federal tax purposes, the consequences 
of a Risk Event or a Credit Event may not be clear, depending on the circumstances. 
Securities Not Treated as Debt 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. 
Holders in respect of Non-Debt Designated Securities issued by a U.S. Issuer. It generally assumes that 
the Issuer's intended treatment of the Securities as financial instruments other than debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes is respected. Certain exceptions to these general rules are discussed below under 
"Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders" and "FATCA", and therefore this 
discussion is subject to, and should be read in conjunction with, the discussions contained in those 
sections. Prospective purchasers should note that a U.S. Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to U.S. federal income taxes, if any, withheld, whether by the Issuer or by another 
withholding agent, with respect to Non-Debt Designated Securities. 
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or there is another change to the Securities that results in 
the Securities being treated as reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in "Tax 
Consequences to U.S. Holders—Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That 
Are Not Treated as Debt—Possible Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code", the treatment of the 
Securities for Non-U.S. Holders, including withholding tax consequences, after such an event could 
differ from their prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, the discussion herein assumes that no 
such deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers 
regarding the risk of a taxable event with respect to the Securities. 
Non-U.S. Holders should refer to "Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders – Securities Not Treated as Debt" 
above for the definitions of certain terms used below. 
Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options 
Generally, subject to the discussion in the next paragraph, a Non-U.S. Holder should not be subject to 
U.S. federal withholding or income tax in respect of the taxable disposition of a Security, not providing 
for any payments prior to maturity, expiry or early termination, that the Issuer treats for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes as a prepaid forward contract or an option. 
In some cases, a Security may provide for amounts that are fixed or accrue prior to maturity or expiry 
but are paid at maturity or expiry. In that event, such amounts paid to a Non-U.S. Holder might be subject 
to withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent (which may be reduced under an applicable income tax treaty). 
In particular, in the case of Long/Short Certificates it is possible that a Non-U.S. Holder could be subject 
to withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction under an applicable tax treaty, on the 
portion of the payment at maturity or expiry that is attributable to dividends on the Underlying. While 
the Issuer currently does not intend to withhold on such payments (subject to the discussion below under 
"Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders— Section 871(m) Withholding on 
Dividend Equivalents"), in light of the uncertain treatment of the Securities other persons having 
withholding or information reporting responsibility in respect of the Securities may treat some or all of 
such payment on a Security as subject to withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction 
under an applicable income tax treaty. Moreover, it is possible that in the future the Issuer may determine 
that it should withhold on such payments. Even if the Issuer or an applicable withholding agent generally 
treats such amounts as eligible for an exemption from withholding, in light of the uncertain treatment of 
such amounts the Issuer or an applicable withholding agent might require a Non-U.S. Holder to provide

--- Page 369 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
343 
 
a statement signed under penalties of perjury that certifies that it is a non-United States person in 
compliance with applicable requirements (generally an appropriate IRS Form W-8) or to satisfy certain 
documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-United States person. Prospective 
purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the treatment of such payments. 
Access Warrants and Convertible Bond Warrants 
Subject to the discussion in the next paragraph, a Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to 
U.S. federal withholding or income tax in respect of amounts paid to the Non-U.S. Holder upon the 
taxable disposition of an Access Warrant or a Convertible Bond Warrant (as defined below). 
The U.S. federal income tax consequences of non-U.S. dividend-linked payments and non-U.S. interest-
linked payments (as defined below) are unclear. While the Issuer currently does not intend to withhold 
on such payments, in light of the uncertain treatment of the Access Warrants and Convertible Bond 
Warrants other persons having withholding or information reporting responsibility in respect of the 
Access Warrants or Convertible Bond Warrants may treat some or all of such payments on an Access 
Warrant or a Convertible Bond Warrant as subject to withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to 
reduction under an applicable income tax treaty. Moreover, it is possible that in the future the Issuer may 
determine that it is required to withhold at such rate on such payments. Further, in order to treat such 
payments as exempt from withholding, the Issuer or an applicable withholding agent may require a Non-
U.S. Holder to provide a statement signed under penalties of perjury that certifies that it is a non-United 
States person in compliance with applicable requirements (generally, an appropriate IRS Form W-8) or 
to satisfy certain documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-United States 
person. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the treatment of such 
payments. 
For the purpose of this discussion, a "Convertible Bond Warrant" is a Warrant that the Issuer treats for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes as a prepaid forward contract linked to one or more non-U.S. Debt 
Securities, that provides for (i) a payment at expiry or earlier retirement of cash determined by reference 
to the value of the Underlying (or physical delivery of the Underlying) and (ii) other cash payments 
determined by reference to interest (if any) on the Underlying (such other cash payments, "non-U.S. 
interest-linked payments"). 
Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options with Associated Periodic Payments 
With respect to Securities treated as prepaid forward contracts or options with associated periodic 
payments, to the extent the Issuer has withholding responsibility in respect of the Securities, it intends to 
treat the periodic payments as subject to withholding at a rate of 30 per cent., unless the Non-U.S. Holder 
provides a properly executed and appropriate IRS Form W-8 claiming eligibility for a reduction of or an 
exemption from withholding under an applicable income tax treaty. A Non-U.S. Holder generally should 
not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax with respect to the taxable disposition of a 
Security (although any amount received in respect of a periodic payment may be treated as subject to 
withholding). Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, this discussion also applies to a 
Security that provides for non-periodic payment(s) prior to maturity, expiry or early retirement. 
Securities Treated as Put Options and Deposits 
A Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax in respect 
of amounts paid on a Security treated as a Put Option and a Deposit, as long as the requirements in the 
second paragraph under "Securities Treated as Debt" are met. While the Issuer currently does not intend 
to withhold on payments to Non-U.S. Holders on Securities treated as Put Options and Deposits 
(assuming these requirements are met), in light of the uncertain treatment of the Securities other persons 
having withholding responsibility in respect of the Securities may treat some or all of each periodic 
payment on a Security as subject to withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. (which may be reduced under 
an applicable income tax treaty). Moreover, it is possible that in the future the Issuer may determine that 
it should so withhold at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction under an applicable income tax treaty, 
on periodic payments on the Securities. A Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to U.S. 
federal withholding or income tax with respect to the taxable disposition of a Security (other than with 
respect to amounts attributable to an accrued periodic payment, which are discussed above).

--- Page 370 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
344 
 
 
Securities Issued by the Non-U.S. Issuer 
Securities issued by CGMFL (the "Non-U.S. Issuer") to Non-U.S. Holders will be designated as "Non-
U.S. Securities" in the applicable Issue Terms. For such Securities, subject to the discussions below under 
"Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders—Effectively Connected Income", 
"Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents", "FIRPTA" and "FATCA", the Issuer currently 
intends to treat payments made with respect to the Securities as not subject to U.S. federal withholding 
tax. 
Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders 
Except where specified otherwise, the discussion in this section applies to any Security issued by either 
the Non-U.S. Issuer or a U.S. Issuer and held by a Non-U.S. Holder. 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatments of an Investment in the Securities  
Alternative U.S. federal income tax treatments of the Securities are possible that, if applied, could 
materially and adversely affect the timing and/or character of income, gain or loss with respect to the 
Securities. If all or any portion of a Security issued by a U.S. Issuer that the Issuer treats as a financial 
instrument other than debt were recharacterised as a debt instrument, any payment made to a Non-U.S. 
Holder with respect to the Security generally would not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income 
tax as long as the requirements in the second paragraph under "Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders 
- Securities Treated as Debt" are met. Moreover, if the payment at maturity or expiry on a non-debt 
Security were to become fixed or subject to a minimum level prior to maturity or expiry, a Non-U.S. 
Holder might be required to treat the Security as debt after that date. Alternatively, it is possible that a 
Non-U.S. Holder could be treated as owning the Underlying, in which case the tax consequences might 
be materially and adversely affected.  
Other U.S. federal income tax treatments of the Securities are also possible. As discussed above under 
"Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders - Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities 
That Are Not Treated as Debt", the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released a notice requesting 
comments on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of "prepaid forward contracts" and similar financial 
instruments and have indicated that such transactions may be the subject of future regulations or other 
guidance. In addition, members of Congress have proposed legislative changes to the tax treatment of 
derivative contracts. Any legislation, Treasury regulations or other guidance promulgated after 
consideration of these issues could materially and adversely affect the withholding tax consequences of 
an investment in the Securities, possibly with retroactive effect. If withholding is required on Non-Debt 
Designated Securities, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to 
amounts so withheld.  
If all or any portion of a Security issued by a U.S. Issuer that the Issuer treats as a debt instrument were 
recharacterised as a financial instrument other than debt, certain payments made to a Non-U.S. Holder 
could be treated as being subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax, as discussed above under 
"Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders—Securities Treated as Non-Debt". In addition, even if the 
Issuer treats a Credit Linked Note as debt for U.S. federal tax purposes, the consequences of a Risk Event 
or a Credit Event may not be clear, depending on the circumstances. 
Effectively Connected Income 
If a Non-U.S. Holder is engaged in a U.S. trade or business, and if income (including gain) from a 
Security is effectively connected with the conduct of that trade or business, the Non-U.S. Holder 
generally will be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax with respect to that income in the same 
manner as if the Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder, unless an applicable income tax treaty provides 
otherwise. If such a Non-U.S. Holder is a corporation, the Non-U.S. Holder should also consider the 
potential application of a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate) branch profits tax. A Non-U.S. Holder would 
be required to provide an IRS Form W-8ECI to the applicable withholding agent to establish an 
exemption from withholding for amounts, otherwise subject to withholding, paid on a Security.  
Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents 
Section 871(m) of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder ("Section 871(m)") impose a 30 per 
cent. (or lower treaty rate) withholding tax on "dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S.

--- Page 371 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
345 
 
Holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities ("Underlying Securities", 
as defined under the applicable Treasury regulations), or indices that include Underlying Securities. 
Section 871(m) generally applies to specified equity-linked instruments ("Specified ELIs"), which are 
financial instruments that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more Underlying 
Securities, as determined based on tests set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations and discussed 
further below. Section 871(m) provides certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for 
instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the applicable 
Treasury regulations ("Qualified Indices") as well as securities that track such indices ("Qualified Index 
Securities").  
Although the Section 871(m) regime became effective in 2017, the applicable Treasury regulations, as 
modified by an IRS notice, phase in the application of Section 871(m) as follows: 
• 
For financial instruments issued prior to 2027, Section 871(m) will generally apply only to 
financial instruments that have a "delta" of one.  
• 
For financial instruments issued in 2027 and thereafter, Section 871(m) will apply if either (i) 
the "delta" of the relevant financial instrument is at least 0.80, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) 
the financial instrument meets a "substantial equivalence" test, if it is a "complex" contract. 
Delta is generally defined as the ratio of the change in the fair market value of a financial instrument to 
a small change in the fair market value of the number of shares of the Underlying Security. The 
"substantial equivalence" test measures whether a complex contract tracks its "initial hedge" (shares of 
the Underlying Security that would fully hedge the contract) more closely than would a "benchmark" 
simple contract with a delta of 0.80. 
The calculations are generally made at the calculation date, which is the earlier of (i) the time of pricing 
of the Security, i.e., when all material terms have been agreed on, and (ii) the issuance of the Security. 
However, if the time of pricing is more than 14 calendar days before the issuance of the Security, the 
calculation date is the date of the issuance of the Security. Under these rules, information regarding the 
Issuer's final determinations for purposes of Section 871(m) may be available only after a Non-U.S. 
Holder agrees to acquire a Security. As a result, a Non-U.S. Holder should acquire such a Security only 
if it is willing to accept the risk that the Security is treated as a Specified ELI subject to withholding 
under Section 871(m). 
In addition, Securities of a Series that are issued in different Tranches, or otherwise priced on different 
dates, may have different calculation dates for purposes of determining whether they are Specified ELIs. 
As a result, Securities acquired by a Non-U.S. Holder may be Specified ELIs, and therefore subject to 
withholding under Section 871(m), even if other Securities of the same Series are not Specified ELIs. In 
such a situation, a withholding agent may treat all of the Securities in that Series as being subject to 
Section 871(m) withholding if it is not able to distinguish among those Securities. 
If the terms of a Security are subject to a "significant modification" (for example, upon an Issuer 
substitution, as discussed above under "Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders—Other U.S. Federal Tax 
Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt—Possible Taxable Event Under 
Section 1001 of the Code") the Security generally will be treated as reissued for this purpose at the time 
of the significant modification, in which case the Security could become a Specified ELI at that time. 
If a Security is a Specified ELI, withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will, depending on the 
applicable withholding agent's circumstances, generally be required either (i) on the underlying dividend 
payment date or (ii) when cash payments are made on the Security or upon the date of maturity or expiry, 
lapse or other disposition of the Security by the Non-U.S. Holder, or possibly upon certain other events. 
Depending on the circumstances, the applicable withholding agent may withhold the required amounts 
from coupons or other payments on the Security, from proceeds of the retirement or other disposition of 
the Security, or from other cash or property of the Non-U.S. Holder held by the withholding agent. 
The dividend equivalent amount will include the amount of any actual or, under certain circumstances, 
estimated dividend. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on the actual dividend, it will be equal to 
the product of: (i) in the case of a "simple" contract, the per-share dividend amount, the number of shares 
of an Underlying Security and the delta; or (ii) in the case of a "complex" contract, the per-share dividend 
amount and the initial hedge. The dividend equivalent amount for Specified ELIs issued prior to 2027

--- Page 372 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
346 
 
 
that have a "delta" of one will be calculated in the same manner as (i) above, using a "delta" of one. The 
per-share dividend amount will be the actual dividend (including any special dividends) paid with respect 
to a share of the Underlying Security. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on an estimated 
dividend, the Issue Terms will generally state the estimated amounts. 
Depending on the terms of a Security and whether or not it is issued prior to 2027, the Issue Terms may 
contain additional information relevant to Section 871(m), such as whether the Security references a 
Qualified Index or Qualified Index Security; whether it is a "simple" contract; the "delta" and the number 
of shares multiplied by delta (for a simple contract); and whether the "substantial equivalence test" is met 
and the initial hedge (for a complex contract). 
The Issuer's determination is binding on Non-U.S. Holders and withholding agents, but it is not binding 
on the IRS. The Section 871(m) regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to 
Securities linked to Underlying Securities and their application to a specific issue of Securities may be 
uncertain. Accordingly, even if the Issuer determines that certain Securities are not Specified ELIs, the 
IRS could challenge the Issuer's determination and assert that withholding is required in respect of those 
Securities. 
Moreover, the consequences under Section 871(m) may depend on the particular circumstances of the 
Non-U.S. Holder. For example, if a Non-U.S. Holder enters into other transactions relating to an 
Underlying Security, the Non-U.S. Holder could be subject to withholding tax or income tax liability 
under Section 871(m) even if the relevant Securities are not Specified ELIs subject to Section 871(m) as 
a general matter. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of Section 
871(m) in their particular circumstances. 
Specified Current Payment Securities: 
The following discussion applies to certain Securities that are Specified ELIs and that provide solely for 
(i) a payment at maturity, expiry or earlier retirement or exercise that is determined by reference to the 
value of the Underlying(s) (or physical delivery of the Underlying(s)) and (ii) cash payments equal to 
dividends (if any) on each Underlying Security to which the Securities relate multiplied by the number 
of shares of such Underlying Security to which the Securities relate (such cash payments, ("U.S. 
dividend-linked payments") and each such Security, (a "Specified Current Payment Security"). It is 
expected that each U.S. dividend-linked payment will be made on the payment date for the related 
dividend. 
The Issuer will treat each U.S. dividend-linked payment as the payment of a dividend equivalent. 
Accordingly, Non-U.S. Holders should expect withholding agents to withhold 30 per cent. (or a lower 
rate under the dividend provision of an applicable income tax treaty) of each U.S. dividend-linked 
payment. However, because the application of Section 871(m) to Specified Current Payment Securities 
is not entirely clear, it is possible that a withholding agent could treat such a Security as subject to 
additional withholding, for example from amounts due at maturity or exercise of the Security. In addition, 
a withholding agent may withhold at the 30 per cent. (or other applicable maximum) rate regardless of 
whether the Non-U.S. Holder is eligible for the benefits of an income tax treaty in respect of the payment. 
Specified Net Total Return Securities 
The following discussion applies to certain Securities that are Specified ELIs and that provide solely for 
a payment at maturity, expiry or earlier retirement or exercise that is determined by reference to the value 
of the Underlying(s) (or physical delivery of the Underlying(s)), where such final value, in the case of an 
Underlying that is an Underlying Security, reflects the deemed reinvestment of any dividends paid over 
the term of the Security in respect of the number of shares of such Underlying Security to which the 
Security relates, net of the maximum amount of U.S. withholding tax that would be applicable to each 
such dividend (currently, 30 per cent.) (such net amount, the Net Dividend Amount). The discussion 
herein refers to each such Security as a Specified Net Total Return Security. 
Upon the payment of a dividend with respect to an Underlying Security in respect of a Specified Net 
Total Return Security, the Issuer will deposit with the IRS an amount equal to the relevant gross dividend 
amount multiplied by the maximum applicable U.S. withholding tax rate on dividends (not reduced by 
the application of any U.S. income tax treaty). Because (i) the Net Dividend Amount plus (ii) the amount 
to be deposited with the IRS will equal 100 per cent. of the gross dividend amount, the Issuer will treat

--- Page 373 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
347 
 
the aggregate of (i) and (ii) as the payment of a dividend equivalent equal to 100 per cent. of such gross 
dividend amount for purposes of Section 871(m). 
Prospective purchasers of Securities that are Specified ELIs should consult their tax advisors regarding 
whether they are eligible for a refund of any part of the withholding tax discussed above on the basis of 
an applicable U.S. income tax treaty, as well as the process for obtaining such a refund (which will 
generally require the filing of a U.S. federal income tax return). In some circumstances, including when 
the Issuer or another intermediary performs the withholding required under Section 871(m), it may not 
be possible for a Non-U.S. Holder to obtain the documentation necessary to support a refund claim under 
an applicable treaty. 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor will not be required to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld under Section 871(m). 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should be aware that if a Section 871(m) Event (as defined under 
"Valuation and Settlement Schedule—Definitions—Section 871(m) Event") occurs, an Early Termination 
Event may occur, in which case the relevant Securities may be terminated as more fully set out in the 
terms and conditions of such Securities. 
FIRPTA 
Section 897 of the Code, commonly referred to as "FIRPTA", applies to certain interests in entities that 
beneficially own significant amounts of United States real property interests (each, a "USRPI"). As 
discussed above, the Issuer will not attempt to ascertain whether any issuer of Shares, shares that underlie 
an Index, or any other equity interest to which Securities relate should be treated as a USRPHC for 
purposes of Section 897 of the Code (including a non-corporate entity treated for relevant purposes of 
Section 897 of the Code as a USRPHC). If a relevant issuer were so treated, it is possible that, subject to 
the exceptions discussed in the following paragraph, a Security could be treated as a USRPI, in which 
case any gain from the disposition of the Security would generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax 
and would be required to be reported by the Non-U.S. Holder on a U.S. federal income tax return, 
generally in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder, and would in certain cases 
be subject to withholding in the amount of 15 per cent. of the gross proceeds of such disposition.  
An exception to the FIRPTA rules applies in respect of interests in entities that have a regularly traded 
class of interests outstanding. Under this exception, a Security that is not "regularly traded" on an 
established securities market generally should not be subject to the FIRPTA rules unless its fair market 
value upon acquisition exceeds 5 per cent. of the relevant issuer's regularly traded class of interests as 
specified in the applicable Treasury regulations. In the case of Securities that are "regularly traded", a 
holding of 5 per cent. or less of the outstanding Securities of that class or series generally should not be 
subject to the FIRPTA rules. Certain attribution and aggregation rules apply, and prospective purchasers 
are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding whether their ownership interest in the Securities will 
be subject to an exemption from the FIRPTA rules in light of their circumstances, including any other 
interest they might have in a relevant issuer.  
U.S. Federal Estate Tax  
An individual Non-U.S. Holder or an entity the property of which is potentially includible in such an 
individual's gross estate for U.S. federal estate tax purposes (for example, a trust funded by such an 
individual and with respect to which the individual has retained certain interests or powers) should note 
that, absent an applicable treaty exemption, a Security issued by a U.S. Issuer that is not treated as debt 
for U.S. federal estate tax purposes may be treated as U.S. situs property subject to U.S. federal estate 
tax. A Security issued by a U.S. Issuer that is treated as debt for U.S. federal estate tax purposes generally 
will not be treated as U.S. situs property subject to U.S. federal estate tax if payments on the Security, if 
received by the decedent at the time of death, would not have been subject to U.S. federal withholding 
or income tax because of the exemption from withholding of "portfolio interest". A holder that is such 
an individual or entity should consult its tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal estate tax consequences 
of investing in the Securities. A Security that is issued by the Non-U.S. Issuer generally will not be treated 
as U.S.-situs property.

--- Page 374 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
348 
 
 
Reportable Transactions  
A taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" is subject to information reporting requirements 
under Section 6011 of the Code. "Reportable transactions" include, among other things, "loss 
transactions" that result in a taxpayer's claiming certain losses in excess of specified amounts and certain 
transactions identified by the IRS. In 2015, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released notices 
designating certain "basket options", "basket contracts" and substantially similar transactions as 
reportable transactions. The notices apply to specified transactions in which a taxpayer or its "designee" 
has, and exercises, discretion to change the assets or an algorithm underlying the transaction. In addition, 
in July 2024 the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released proposed regulations that, if adopted in 
their current form, would deem any such transactions to be "listed transactions". An exception to the 
reporting requirements described in the 2015 notices applies to financial instruments that are treated as 
"variable rate debt instruments" or "contingent payment debt instruments" (including for this purpose 
Short-Term Securities with contingent payments) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the Issuer, an 
index sponsor or calculation agent or other person were to exercise discretion under the terms of a 
Security or an index underlying a Security and were treated as a holder's "designee" for these purposes, 
unless an exception applied (such as the exception for certain categories of debt instruments) certain 
holders of the relevant Securities would be required to report certain information to the IRS, as set forth 
in the applicable Treasury regulations, or be subject to penalties. The Issuer might also be required to 
report information regarding the transaction to the IRS. Holders should consult their tax advisors 
regarding these rules. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding  
Payments on the Securities, as well as the proceeds of a sale, exchange or other disposition (including 
retirement) of the Securities, may be subject to information reporting and, if an investor fails to provide 
certain identifying information (such as an accurate taxpayer identification number for a U.S. Holder) or 
meet certain other conditions, may also be subject to backup withholding at the rate specified in the Code. 
A Non-U.S. Holder that provides the applicable withholding agent with the appropriate IRS Form W-8 
will generally establish an exemption from backup withholding. Amounts withheld under the backup 
withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited against a holder's U.S. federal 
income tax liability, provided the relevant information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
FATCA 
Legislation commonly referred to as "FATCA" generally imposes a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on 
payments to certain non-U.S. entities (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain financial 
instruments, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements (that are in 
addition to, and potentially significantly more onerous than, the requirement to deliver an IRS Form W-
8) have been satisfied. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the non-U.S. 
entity's jurisdiction may modify these requirements. This legislation generally applies to payments of 
U.S.-source "fixed or determinable annual or periodical" income, which includes, among other things, 
interest and certain dividend equivalents (as defined above) under Section 871(m). While existing 
Treasury regulations would also require withholding on payments of gross proceeds from the disposition 
(including upon retirement) of financial instruments that provide for U.S.-source interest or certain 
dividend equivalents, the U.S. Treasury Department has indicated in subsequent proposed regulations its 
intent to eliminate this requirement. The U.S. Treasury Department has stated that taxpayers may rely on 
these proposed regulations pending their finalisation. A Non-U.S. Holder, or a U.S. Holder holding 
Securities through a non-U.S. intermediary, should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential 
application of FATCA to the Securities, including the availability of certain refunds or credits. 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF 
SECURITIES MAY BE UNCLEAR. BENEFICIAL OWNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF OWNING AND DISPOSING 
OF SECURITIES, INCLUDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER STATE, LOCAL, NON-
U.S. AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND THE POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF CHANGES IN U.S. 
FEDERAL OR OTHER TAX LAWS.

--- Page 375 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
349 
 
UNITED KINGDOM TAXATION  
The following is a summary of the Issuer's understanding of current United Kingdom tax law (as 
applied in England and Wales) and published HM Revenue and Customs’ practice relating only to the 
United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of payments in respect of Securities and to whether the 
issue, transfer, redemption, exercise or settlement of a Security could be subject to United Kingdom 
stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax. It does not deal with any other United Kingdom taxation 
implications of acquiring, holding, exercising, disposing or the settlement or redemption of Securities. 
The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective Securityholders depends on their individual 
circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. Prospective Securityholders who may be 
subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom or who may be unsure as to their tax 
position should seek their own professional advice.  
In the following paragraphs references to "Notes" include both Notes and Certificates. 
Withholding taxes 
United Kingdom withholding taxes can apply to a number of different types of payments. Those which 
could be relevant to securities such as the Securities include: interest, annual payments and manufactured 
payments. As a general matter, the Issuer may make payments under the Securities without any deduction 
of or withholding on account United Kingdom income tax if the payments do not have a United Kingdom 
source and they are not made by the Issuer in the course of a trade carried on in the United Kingdom 
through a branch or agency. 
Payments of interest on the Securities 
Whether or not payments or any part of any payment on a Security will constitute "interest" will depend 
upon, amongst other things, the terms and conditions of the Securities and the basis upon which amounts 
payable on the Securities are calculated. 
Payments of interest on the Securities that does not have a United Kingdom source may be made without 
deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax. If interest paid on the Securities 
does have a United Kingdom source, then payments may be made without deduction or withholding on 
account of United Kingdom income tax in any of the following circumstances. 
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without deduction of or withholding on account of United 
Kingdom income tax provided that the Notes carry a right to interest and the Notes are and continue to 
be listed on a "recognised stock exchange" within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 
2007 (ITA 2007).  
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange, Euronext Dublin, the Stockholm Stock Exchange, the Italian Stock 
Exchange, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris are recognised stock exchanges. The Notes 
will satisfy this requirement if they are officially listed in Luxembourg, Ireland, Sweden, Italy, Germany 
or France in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA states and 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, Euronext Dublin, the Stockholm Stock 
Exchange, the Italian Stock Exchange, the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (although 
not the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr)) or Euronext Paris (as applicable). 
Provided, therefore, that the Notes carry a right to interest and are and remain so listed on a "recognised 
stock exchange", interest on the Notes will be payable without deduction of or withholding on account 
of United Kingdom tax. 
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without deduction of or withholding on account of United 
Kingdom income tax provided that the Notes carry a right to interest and the Notes are and continue to 
be "admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility" operated by a "recognised stock exchange" 
within the meaning of section 1005 ITA 2007 that is regulated in the UK or the EEA. The International 
Securities Market, the Global Exchange Market, Vienna MTF, NASDAQ Stockholm MTF, the 
multilateral trading facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments (the SeDeX) and the 
multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX are multilateral trading facilities for this purpose. Such 
multilateral trading facility is operated by the London Stock Exchange, Euronext Dublin, the Vienna 
Stock Exchange, the Stockholm Stock Exchange or the Italian Stock Exchange (as applicable) which is 
a recognised stock exchange that is regulated in the EEA. Provided, therefore, that the Notes carry a right

--- Page 376 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
350 
 
 
to interest and are and remain admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility operated by a 
recognised stock exchange that is regulated in the UK or the EEA, interest on the Notes will be payable 
without deduction of or withholding on account of United Kingdom tax. 
Payments of interest on Notes may be made without deduction of or withholding on account of United 
Kingdom tax where the maturity of the Notes is less than 365 days and those Notes do not form part of 
a scheme or arrangement of borrowing intended to be capable of remaining outstanding for more than 
364 days. 
In other cases, an amount must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Securities that has 
a United Kingdom source on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per 
cent.), subject to any other available exemptions and reliefs. However, where an applicable double tax 
treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in relation to a 
Securityholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest to the Securityholder without 
deduction of tax (or for interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in the relevant double 
tax treaty). 
Annual Payments 
If a periodic payment on a Security were not "interest", and not repayment of principal, then such 
payment could constitute an "annual payment". Whether or not any periodic payment were to constitute 
an "annual payment" for these purposes will depend upon, amongst other things, the terms and conditions 
of the Securities and the basis upon which it is calculated. However, if in relation to a Security the Issuer 
is only required to make a single payment to its holders following redemption or exercise, and there are 
no amounts due by way of interest, Interest Amount, Broken Amount or other periodic payment on that 
Security, payments should not generally constitute "annual payments". 
Payments on a Security which constitute "annual payments" that do not have a United Kingdom source 
may be made without deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
An amount must generally be withheld from "annual payments" on Securities that have a United 
Kingdom source on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.). 
However, where an applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no 
tax to be withheld) in relation to a Securityholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to make 
payments on the Securities to the Securityholder without deduction of tax (or for the relevant amounts to 
be paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
Manufactured Payments 
Payments on the Securities should not constitute "manufactured payments" subject to any deduction of 
or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax unless: 
(i) 
the Securities will or may settle by way of physical delivery; 
(ii) 
the assets which will or may be delivered are shares issued by a "company UK REIT" or the 
"principal company" of a "group UK REIT" (all bearing the same meaning as in section 918 
ITA 2007) or securities (other than shares) issued by the United Kingdom government, a local 
or other public authority in the United Kingdom or any other United Kingdom resident body; 
and 
(iii) 
the payments are representative of dividends on those shares, or interest paid on those securities 
(as the case may be). 
Payments on a Security which do constitute "manufactured payments" may in any event be made without 
deduction of or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax unless the Issuer makes those 
payments in the course of a trade carried on in the United Kingdom through a branch or agency. 
If such a "manufactured payment" were paid by the Issuer then the Issuer may (subject to reliefs and 
exemptions) be required to make a deduction of or withholding on account of United Kingdom income 
tax from such payment on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate. However, where an 
applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in 
relation to a Securityholder, HMRC may be able to issue a notice to the Issuer to make the "manufactured

--- Page 377 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
351 
 
payment" to the Securityholder without deduction of tax (or for the relevant amount to be paid with tax 
deducted at the rate provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
Payments under the guarantee pursuant to a Deed of Guarantee 
The United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of payments by a Guarantor under the terms of a Deed 
of Guarantee which have a United Kingdom source is uncertain. In particular, such payments by a 
Guarantor may not be eligible for the exemptions described above in relation to payments of interest. 
Accordingly, if the Guarantor makes any such payments, these may be subject to United Kingdom 
withholding tax at the basic rate. 
Stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax 
A charge to stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax may, in certain circumstances, arise on the issue, 
transfer, exercise, settlement and/or redemption of Securities and stamp duty reserve tax may also be 
payable in relation to any agreement to transfer Securities. This will depend upon the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Securities. Securityholders should take their own advice from an appropriately 
qualified professional advisor in this regard. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues. Prospective 
investors in the Securities should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of 
state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts 
only. 
Taxation of the holders of Securities 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments 
(in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates, being payments of principal, premium 
or interest) made to non-resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of the Securities  (together, "payments"), nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax 
payable upon redemption, settlement, exercise or repurchase of the Securities held by non-
resident holders of Securities. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005, as amended (the "Relibi Law"), there is no withholding tax on payments, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption, settlement, exercise or repurchase of 
Securities held by Luxembourg resident holders of Securities. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent.. Such withholding tax will be 
in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of 
the management of their private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent, if any. Accordingly, payments of interest under 
Securities coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to withholding tax at a rate 
of 20 per cent.

--- Page 378 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
352 
 
 
AUSTRIAN TAXATION 
This section on taxation contains a brief summary of the Issuer(s) understanding with regard to certain 
important principles which are of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or sale of the 
Securities in Austria. This summary does not purport to exhaustively describe all possible tax aspects 
and does not deal with specific situations which may be of relevance for certain potential investors. The 
following comments are rather of a general nature and included in this Base Prospectus solely for 
information purposes. They are not intended to be, nor should they be construed to be, legal or tax advice. 
This summary is based on the currently applicable tax legislation, case law and regulations of the tax 
authorities, as well as their respective interpretation, all of which may be amended from time to time. 
Such amendments may possibly also be effected with retroactive effect and may negatively impact the 
tax consequences described. It is recommended that potential investors in the Securities consult with 
their legal and tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of the Securities. 
Tax risks resulting from the Securities (in particular from a potential qualification as a foreign investment 
fund within the meaning of sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 
2011)) shall in any case be borne by the investor. This summary applies to Securities that are certificated 
and legally and factually offered to an indefinite number of persons in the sense of sec. 27a(2)(2) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz). Deviating rules may apply to Securities that are 
uncertificated and/or not legally and factually offered to an indefinite number of persons. 
General remarks 
Individuals having a domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt), both as 
defined in sec. 26 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Code (Bundesabgabenordnung), in Austria are liable to 
income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited income tax liability; 
unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). Individuals having neither a domicile nor their habitual abode 
in Austria are liable to income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited income tax 
liability; beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). 
Corporate entities (Körperschaften) having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or 
their legal seat (Sitz), both as defined in sec. 27 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Code, in Austria are liable 
to corporate income tax (Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate 
income tax liability; unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). Corporate entities having neither their 
place of management nor their legal seat in Austria are liable to corporate income tax only on income 
from 
certain 
Austrian 
sources 
(limited 
corporate 
income 
tax 
liability; 
beschränkte 
Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). 
Both in case of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability Austria's right to tax may be 
restricted by double taxation treaties. 
Income taxation 
Pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the term investment income (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) comprises: 
(a) 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to sec. 
27(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest; the tax basis is the 
amount of the earnings received (sec. 27a(3)(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act);  
(b) 
income from realised increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant 
to sec. 27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the alienation, redemption, 
settlement and other realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital, 
(including zero coupon bonds); the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption or 
settlement amount minus the acquisition costs, in each case including accrued interest (sec. 
27a(3)(2)(a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); 
(c) 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to sec. 27(4) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act, including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the 
sale or other realisation of forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other 
derivatives such as index certificates (the mere exercise of an option does not trigger tax 
liability); e.g., in the case of index certificates, the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the

--- Page 379 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
353 
 
redemption or settlement amount minus the acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(3)(c) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act); and 
(d) 
income from cryptocurrencies (Einkünfte aus Kryptowährungen) pursuant to sec. 27(4a) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act. 
Also the withdrawal of the Securities from a securities account (Depotentnahme) and circumstances 
leading to a restriction of Austria's taxation right regarding the Securities vis-à-vis other countries, e.g., 
a relocation from Austria (Wegzug), are in general deemed to constitute a sale (cf. sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The tax basis amounts to the fair market value minus the acquisition 
costs (sec. 27a(3)(2)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Securities as non-business 
assets are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act. Investment income from the Securities with an Austrian nexus (inländische Einkünfte 
aus Kapitalvermögen), basically meaning income paid by an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) 
or an Austrian custodian agent (depotführende Stelle) within the meaning of sec. 95(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act, is subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent.; no 
additional income tax is levied over and above the amount of tax withheld (final taxation pursuant to sec. 
97(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Investment income from the Securities without an Austrian nexus 
must be included in the investor's income tax return and is subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 
per cent. In both cases upon application the option exists to tax all income subject to income tax at a flat 
rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the progressive income tax rate (option to 
regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The acquisition costs must not 
include ancillary acquisition costs (Anschaffungsnebenkosten; sec. 27a(4)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act). Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act); this also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Sec. 27(8) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act, inter alia, provides for the following restrictions on the offsetting of losses: negative 
income from the realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital, from derivatives  and 
from cryptocurrencies may be neither offset against interest from bank accounts and other non-securitised 
monetary claims vis-à-vis credit institutions (except for cash settlements and lending fees) nor against 
income from private foundations, foreign private law foundations and other comparable legal estates 
(Privatstiftungen, ausländische Stiftungen oder sonstige Vermögensmassen, die mit einer Privatstiftung 
vergleichbar sind); income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act may not be offset against income subject to the progressive income tax rate (this equally 
applies in case of an exercise of the option to regular taxation); negative investment income not already 
offset against positive investment income may not be offset against other types of income. The Austrian 
custodian agent has to effect the offsetting of losses by taking into account all of a taxpayer's securities 
accounts with the custodian agent, in line with sec. 93(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, and to issue a 
written confirmation to the taxpayer to this effect. 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Securities as business assets 
are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act. Investment income from the Securities with an Austrian nexus is subject to withholding tax at 
a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. While withholding tax has the effect of final taxation for income from the 
letting of capital, other types of investment income must be included in the investor's income tax return 
(but are nevertheless subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.). Investment income from the 
Securities without an Austrian nexus must always be included in the investor's income tax return and is 
subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent. In both cases upon application the option exists to 
tax all income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act 
at the lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act). The flat tax rate does not apply to income from realised increases in value of financial 
assets, from derivatives and income from cryptocurrencies if realising these types of income constitutes 
a key area of the respective investor's business activity (sec. 27a(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act); this also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Pursuant to sec. 6(2)(c) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act, depreciations to the lower fair market value and losses from the alienation, 
redemption, settlement and other realisation of financial assets, derivatives and cryptocurrencies in the 
sense of sec. 27(3) to (4a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, which are subject to income tax at the flat 
rate of 27.5 per cent., are primarily to be offset against income from realised increases in value and 
appreciations in value of such assets within the same business unit (Wirtschaftsgüter desselben

--- Page 380 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
354 
 
 
Betriebes); only 55 per cent. of the remaining negative difference may be offset against other types of 
income. 
Pursuant to sec. 7(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz), corporate 
entities subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income tax 
on income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Securities at a rate of 23 
per cent. Income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Securities with an 
Austrian nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However,  pursuant 
to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the withholding agent may apply a rate of 23 per cent., if 
the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporate entity. Such withholding tax can be credited against the 
corporate income tax liability. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act withholding tax is not levied in the first place. Losses from the alienation of the Securities can be 
offset against other income. 
Pursuant to sec. 13(3)(1) in connection with sec. 22(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act, private 
foundations (Privatstiftungen) pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) 
fulfilling the prerequisites contained in sec. 13(3) and (6) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act and 
holding the Securities as non-business assets are subject to interim taxation at a rate of 23 per cent. on 
generally interest income, income from realised increases in value of assets that lead to income from the 
letting of capital, income from cryptocurrencies and income from derivatives (inter alia, if the derivatives 
are in the form of securities). Pursuant to the Austrian tax authorities' view, the acquisition costs must 
not include ancillary acquisition costs. Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be 
deducted (sec. 12(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). Interim tax is generally not triggered 
insofar as distributions subject to withholding tax are made to beneficiaries in the same tax period. 
Investment income from the Securities with an Austrian nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at 
a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However, pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the 
withholding agent may apply a rate of 23 per cent., if the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporate 
entity. Such withholding tax can be credited against the tax triggered Under the conditions set forth in 
sec. 94(12) of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied. 
Individuals and corporate entities subject to limited (corporate) income tax liability in Austria are taxable 
on income from the Securities if they have a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) in Austria and the 
Securities are attributable to such permanent establishment (cf. sec. 98(1)(3) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act, sec. 21(1)(1) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). In addition, individuals subject to limited 
income tax liability in Austria are also taxable on interest in the sense of sec. 27(2)(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act and accrued interest (including from zero coupon bonds) in the sense of sec. 27(6)(5) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Securities if the (accrued) interest has an Austrian nexus and if 
withholding tax is levied on such (accrued) interest. This does not apply to an individual being resident 
in a state with which automatic exchange of information exists, if the individual provides a certificate of 
residence to the withholding agent. Interest with an Austrian nexus is interest whose debtor has its place 
of management and/or its legal seat in Austria or is an Austrian branch of a non-Austrian credit 
institution; accrued interest with an Austrian nexus is accrued interest from securities issued by an 
Austrian issuer (sec. 98(1)(5)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The Issuer(s) understand that no 
taxation applies in this respect. 
Pursuant to sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011, the term "foreign investment fund" 
comprises (i) undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities whose member state of 
origin is not Austria; (ii) alternative investment funds pursuant to the Austrian Alternative Investment 
Fund Managers Act (Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz) whose state of origin is not Austria; 
and (iii) secondarily, undertakings subject to a foreign jurisdiction, irrespective of the legal form they are 
organised in, whose assets are invested according to the principle of risk-diversification on the basis 
either of a statute, of the undertaking's articles or of customary exercise, if one of the following conditions 
is fulfilled: (a) the undertaking is factually, directly or indirectly, not subject to a corporate income tax 
in its state of residence that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax; (b) the profits of the 
undertaking are in its state of residence subject to corporate income tax that is comparable to Austrian 
corporate income tax, at a rate of less than 13 per cent.; or (c) the undertaking is subject to a 
comprehensive personal or material tax exemption in its state of residence. Certain collective investment 
vehicles investing in real estate are exempted. In case of a qualification as a foreign investment fund, the 
tax consequences would substantially differ from those described above: A special type of transparency 
principle would be applied, pursuant to which generally both distributed income as well as deemed 
income would be subject to Austrian (corporate) income tax.

--- Page 381 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
355 
 
Inheritance and gift taxation 
Currently, Austria does not levy inheritance or gift tax.  
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to private law foundations and comparable legal estates 
(privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are subject to foundation 
transfer tax (Stiftungseingangssteuer) pursuant to the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act 
(Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz) if the transferor and/or the transferee at the time of transfer have a 
domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of management in Austria. Certain 
exemptions apply in cases of transfers mortis causa of financial assets within the meaning of sec. 27(3) 
and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (except for participations in corporations) if income from such 
financial assets is subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act. The tax basis is the fair market value of the assets transferred minus any debts, calculated at the time 
of transfer. The tax rate generally is 2.5 per cent., with higher rates applying in special cases. 
In addition, there is a special notification obligation for gifts of money, receivables, shares in 
corporations, participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles if the 
donor and/or the donee have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of 
management in Austria. Not all gifts are covered by the notification obligation: In case of gifts to certain 
related parties, a threshold of EUR50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a notification is obligatory 
if the value of gifts made exceeds an amount of EUR15,000 during a period of five years. Furthermore, 
gratuitous transfers to foundations falling under the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act described 
above are also exempt from the notification obligation. Intentional violation of the notification obligation 
may trigger fines of up to 10 per cent. of the fair market value of the assets transferred. 
Further, gratuitous transfers of the Securities may trigger income tax at the level of the transferor pursuant 
to sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (see above). 
BELGIAN TAXATION 
Set out below is a summary of certain Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding and selling 
Securities. This summary is not intended to be an exhaustive description of all relevant Belgian tax 
considerations and the investors should consult their own professional tax advisors regarding the 
Belgian tax and other tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the 
avoidance of double taxation) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Securities in their particular 
circumstances. The description of certain taxes in the Kingdom of Belgium ("Belgium") set out below is 
for general information only and does not purport to be comprehensive. In particular, it does not cover 
the situation of non-residents nor the tax treatment of securities which may be received upon repurchase 
or settlement of the Securities. 
This summary is based on current legislation, published case law and other published guidelines and 
regulations as in force at the date of this document and remains subject to any future amendments, which 
may or may not have retroactive effect. Each investor should consult a professional adviser with respect 
to the tax consequences of an investment in the Securities, taking into account the applicable terms and 
the inﬂuence of each regional, local, federal or national law. 
Any payment of interest (as defined by Belgian tax law) on the Securities made through a paying agent 
or other financial intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to Belgian withholding tax on the 
gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30 per cent. 
For Belgian tax purposes, if interest is in a foreign currency, it is converted into euro at the exchange rate 
applicable on the date of payment or attribution. 
Belgian income tax 
Variable Income 
If the repurchase, redemption or exercise by the Issuer(s) is in full or in part settled by means of a delivery 
of securities or other assets, interest includes any positive difference between the sales value of those 
assets on the date of their payment or attribution and the initial issue price of the Securities.

--- Page 382 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
356 
 
 
Under Belgian tax law, 'interest' income includes: (i) periodic interest income; (ii) any amount paid by 
the Issuer(s) in excess of the Issue Price; and (iii) only if the Securities qualify as 'ﬁxed income securities' 
(in the meaning of Article 2, §1, 8° Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992), in the case of a realisation of the 
Securities between two interest payment dates, the pro rata interest accrued during the holding period. In 
general, securities are qualified as 'fixed income securities' if there is a causal link between the amount 
of interest income and the holding period of the security, on the basis of which it is possible to calculate 
the amount of pro rata interest income at the moment of the sale of the Securities during their lifetime. 
On 25 January 2013, the Belgian tax authorities issued a circular letter on the Belgian tax treatment of 
income from structured securities characterised by an uncertain return on investment due to the variation 
of the coupons or the repayment terms at maturity or on exercise, such as securities whose return is linked 
to the evolution of underlying products. According to the circular letter, the transfer of structured 
securities to a third party (other than the issuer) results in taxation as interest income of the "pro rata 
interest", calculated on an unclear formulae. In addition, any amount paid in excess of the initial issue 
price upon redemption or repayment of the structured securities by the issuer is considered as interest for 
Belgian tax purposes. It is highly debatable whether the circular letter is in line with Belgian tax 
legislation. Furthermore, it is unclear whether the Belgian tax authorities will seek to apply the principles 
set out in the circular letter to the Securities. 
In the event interest is paid in the form of delivery of listed securities, the market value of those securities 
will be deemed at least equal to the closing price on the day prior to the date of the payment or attribution 
based on information in the specialised financial press and/or via specialised electronic data bases. If the 
Securities are not listed on a Belgian or similar foreign market, then the taxpayer needs to determine the 
sales value under the supervision of the tax administration. 
It is assumed that any gains realised upon redemption or repayment by the Issuer(s) will indeed be viewed 
as interest by the Belgian tax authorities (and any such gains are therefore referred to as "interest" for 
the purposes of the following paragraphs), but that the effective taxation of the "pro rata interest" in case 
of sale to a third party (i.e. other than the Issuer(s)) would not be possible, on the basis that it is currently 
impossible to determine the amount of the "pro rata interest". 
Repayment or redemption by the Issuer(s) 
• 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques), who are holding the Securities as a private 
investment are subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Securities in Belgium. 
Other rules may be applicable in special situations, in particular when Belgian resident 
individuals acquire the Securities for professional purposes or when their transactions with 
respect to the Securities fall outside the scope of the normal management of their own private 
estate or are speculative in nature. 
Payments of interest (as defined above) on the Securities made through a paying agent or other 
financial intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax 
in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding 
taxes). The Belgian withholding tax constitutes in principle the final income tax for Belgian 
resident individuals. This means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the 
Securities in their personal income tax return, provided Belgian withholding tax was effectively 
levied on these interest payments. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest on the Securities in their 
personal income tax return if that is beneficial from a tax perspective. Also, if the interest is paid 
outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent or other financial 
intermediary, the interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must 
be declared in the personal income tax return. Interest income which is declared this way will 
in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive personal income 
tax rate(s), taking into account the taxpayer's other declared income, whichever is more 
beneficial) and no local surcharges will be due. If the interest income is declared, the Belgian 
withholding tax levied may be credited against the personal income tax liability and any excess 
will be refundable.

--- Page 383 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
357 
 
• 
Belgian resident companies  
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés), are subject to the following tax treatment with 
respect to the Securities in Belgium. 
Interest received by Belgian resident companies on the Securities will be subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of 25 per cent. Small and 
medium-sized companies are taxable – subject to conditions – at a reduced corporate tax rate of 
20 per cent. for the first EUR100,000 of taxable profits. If the income has been subject to a 
foreign withholding tax, a foreign tax credit will be applied on the Belgian tax due. For interest 
income, the foreign tax credit is generally equal to a fraction where the numerator is equal to 
the foreign tax and the denominator is equal to 100 minus the rate of the foreign tax, up to a 
maximum of 15/85 of the net amount received (subject to some further limitations). Capital 
losses are in principle tax deductible.  
Interest payments (as defined above) on the Securities made through a paying agent or other 
financial intermediary in Belgium are in principle subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax, but 
can be exempt from Belgian withholding tax, PROVIDED THAT certain formalities are 
complied with (articles 108 and 117, §12 of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing 
the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992). For zero or capitalisation bonds, an exemption from 
withholding tax will only apply if the Belgian company and the Issuer(s) are associated 
companies within the meaning of article 105, 6°, b of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 
implementing the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992. The withholding tax that has been levied 
is creditable in accordance with the applicable legal provisions and any excess will be 
refundable. 
• 
Belgian non-profit legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales), are subject to the following tax 
treatment with respect to the Securities in Belgium. 
Payments of interest on the Securities made through a paying agent or other financial 
intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium 
and no further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying 
agent or other financial intermediary and without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the 
Belgian non-profit legal entity itself is responsible for declaring the interest income and for the 
payment of the 30 per cent. withholding tax.  
Sale to a third party  
No Belgian withholding tax should in principal apply to the Securities. 
• 
Belgian resident individuals 
Subject to the assumptions stated above under the heading "Variable Income", Belgian resident 
individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques), are currently not liable to Belgian income 
tax on the capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Securities to a third party, 
PROVIDED THAT the Securities have not been used for their professional activity and that the 
capital gain is realised within the framework of the normal management of their private estate 
and is not speculative in nature. Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Securities held as a 
non-professional investment are in principle not tax deductible. 
However, capital gains on the Securities may be subject to a 33 per cent. Belgian income tax 
(plus local surcharges) if they are deemed to be speculative or outside the scope of the normal 
management of a private estate. Capital losses arising from such transactions are not tax 
deductible, except for losses incurred in the previous five years which can be deducted from 
gains realised on such type of transactions.

--- Page 384 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
358 
 
 
Capital gains realised upon transfer of Securities held for professional purposes are taxable at 
the ordinary progressive income tax rates (plus local surcharges), except for Securities held for 
more than five years as fixed assets, which are taxable at a separate rate of 16.5 per cent. (plus 
local surcharges). Capital losses on the Securities incurred by Belgian resident individuals 
holding the Securities for professional purposes are in principle tax deductible. 
• 
Belgian resident companies 
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés), are liable to Belgian corporate income tax on the 
capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Securities to a third party, irrespective of 
whether such Securities relate to shares or other underlying assets or indices. The current 
standard corporate income tax rate in Belgium is 25 per cent. Small and medium-sized 
companies benefit from a 20 per cent. corporate tax rate on the first EUR100,000 of taxable 
profits, subject to conditions. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Securities are in principle tax deductible. 
• 
Belgian non-profit legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales), are currently not liable to Belgian 
income tax on capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Securities to a third party. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Securities are in principle not tax deductible. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
The sale and acquisition of the Securities on the secondary market is subject to a stock exchange tax 
(Taks op de beursverrichtingen/Taxe sur les opérations de bourse). It will be levied on the acquisition 
and disposal of the Securities for consideration on the secondary market executed through a professional 
intermediary in Belgium or if the order is transmitted directly or indirectly to a financial intermediary 
established outside of Belgium by either a physical person with habitual residence in Belgium or by a 
legal person for the account of a seat or establishment located in Belgium. The tax is due separately from 
each party to any such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), and in both 
cases collected by the professional intermediary. Where the intermediary is established outside of 
Belgium, the tax will be due by the party giving the order, save where evidence is provided that the tax 
was already paid. 
The tax rate is in principle 0.12 per cent. for transactions in debt instruments (such as bonds) and 0.35 
per cent. for transactions in other securities, with a maximum amount of respectively EUR1,300 per 
transaction and per party and EUR1,600 per transaction and per party. 
However, the tax referred to above will not be payable if no professional intermediary intervenes in the 
transaction or, even if a professional intermediary intervenes in the transaction, for transactions by 
exempt persons acting for their own account, including investors who are Belgian non-residents provided 
they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status 
and certain Belgian institutional investors, as defined in Article 126-1, 2 of the Code of various duties 
and taxes (Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen/Code des droits et taxes divers). Transactions on the 
primary market are not subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
As stated above, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common 
financial transactions tax (the "FTT"). The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into 
force, the participating Member States (including Belgium for the time being) shall not maintain or 
introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the EU Council 
Directive 2006/112/EC on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock 
exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. The FTT proposal is still 
subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any 
time.

--- Page 385 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
359 
 
Annual Tax on securities accounts 
The Law of 17 February 2021 introduced an annual tax on securities accounts (Jaarlijkse taks op de 
effectenrekeningen/Taxe annuelle sur les comptes-titres). An annual tax of 0.15 per cent. ("Annual Tax 
on Securities Accounts") is levied on securities accounts of which the average value of the taxable 
financial instruments (covering, amongst others, financial instruments such as bonds, notes and warrants) 
held thereon during a reference period of twelve consecutive months (in principle) starting on 1 October 
and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, would exceed EUR 1 million. The tax base is 
established by reference to four reference dates, i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September. 
The tax base is the sum of the values of the taxable financial instruments at the different reference points 
in time (i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September) divided by the number of those reference 
points in time. The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15 per cent. of the average 
value of the account or 10 per cent. of the difference between the average value of the account and 
EUR1,000,000. The tax targets securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and other 
legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is 
incorporated or established in Belgium or abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-
resident individuals, companies and other legal entities with a financial intermediary incorporated or 
established in Belgium. There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types 
of regulated entities for their own account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and 
foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm 
as defined by Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions 
and stockbroking firms and (iv) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 
October 2016 on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of 
portfolio management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted 
to hold financial instruments for the account of clients. 
A Belgian intermediary is an intermediary incorporated under Belgian law, as well as an intermediary 
established in Belgium. A Belgian intermediary withholds, declares and pays the tax to the Belgian 
treasury. 
Intermediaries not incorporated or established in Belgium have the possibility, when managing a 
securities account subject to the tax, to appoint a responsible representative established in Belgium, who 
will be approved by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance ("Annual Tax on Securities Accounts 
Representative"). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative is jointly and severally liable 
for the declaration and payment of the tax and for all other formalities. 
In cases where no intermediary has withheld, declared and paid the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, 
the holder of the securities account needs to declare and pay the tax, unless the holder can prove that the 
tax has already been withheld, declared and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or an Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts Representative of a foreign intermediary. 
Certain specific transactions regarding securities accounts executed as from 30 October 2020 were not 
effective vis-à-vis the Belgian tax authorities, i.e. splitting of a securities account in multiple securities 
accounts held with the same financial intermediary and the conversion of taxable financial instruments 
held in a securities account in financial instruments in registered form. In addition, a general anti-abuse 
provision was introduced in the Code of various duties and taxes with effect from 30 October 2020. The 
specific anti-abuse provision, as well as the retroactive date of entry into force of the general anti-abuse 
provision in relation to the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts were, however, annulled by the Belgian 
Constitutional Court in its decision n° 138/2022 of 27 October 2022. 
The Law of 17 February 2021 entered into force on 26 February 2021, i.e. the day following its 
publication in the Belgian State Gazette, which is now also the date on which the general anti-abuse 
provision took effect in relation to the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts. The current reference period 
started on 1 October 2023 and will end on 30 September 2024, with 31 December 2023, 31 March, 30 
June and 30 September 2024 as reference dates. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers in relation to this Annual Tax on Securities Accounts.

--- Page 386 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
360 
 
 
Belgian estate and gift tax 
Individuals resident in Belgium 
An estate tax is levied on the value of the Securities transferred as part of a Belgian resident's estate. 
Gifts of Securities in Belgium are subject to gift tax, unless the gift is made by way of a purely physical 
delivery of bearer securities (if any) or otherwise without written evidence of the gift being submitted to 
the Belgian tax administration for registration purposes. However, estate taxes on donated Securities are 
avoided only if a person can demonstrate that the gift (not subject to gift tax) occurred more than three 
years (five years in the Walloon and Brussels Region) preceding the death of the grantor. 
Individuals not resident in Belgium 
There is no Belgian estate tax on the transfer of Securities on the death of a Belgian non-resident. 
Gifts of Securities in Belgium are subject to gift tax, unless the gift is made by way of a purely physical 
delivery of bearer securities (if any) or otherwise without written evidence of the gift being submitted to 
the Belgian tax administration for registration purposes. 
BULGARIAN TAXATION 
The information provided below regarding certain tax considerations under Bulgarian law is based on 
the laws in force in the Republic of Bulgaria as of the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
changes in law that may take effect after such date. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the considerations that may be relevant to an investment decision and does not purport to deal with 
the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors. The acquisition of Securities by non-
Bulgarian holders, or the receipt of income under Securities may trigger additional tax payments in the 
country of residence of the relevant holder, which is not covered by this summary. Furthermore, the 
receipt of income under Securities may trigger additional tax payments in the country of residence of the 
relevant Issuer(s), but in such case the provisions of any effective and applicable treaties on the 
avoidance of double taxation should be taken into consideration. Investors should consult their 
professional advisers on the tax consequences of their acquiring, holding and disposing of Securities 
under the laws of their country of citizenship, residence, domicile or incorporation. 
Summary 
As a general rule and to the extent that the relevant Issuer is not a Bulgarian tax resident (nor does it have 
a permanent establishment in Bulgaria), only income realised in relation to the Securities by investors 
who are legal entities and/or individuals resident for tax purposes in Bulgaria (or, as an exception, foreign 
investors who act through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria) may be subject to taxation in Bulgaria. 
Provided that the relevant Issuer is not a Bulgarian tax resident (nor does it have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria), Bulgarian withholding tax will not apply to income under the Securities 
realised by investors (legal entities and/or individuals) who are not Bulgarian tax residents.  
Tax Residence Status of Holders of Securities 
From a Bulgarian tax perspective the mere acquisition, holding or disposal of Securities would not qualify 
a foreign corporate or individual holder as a Bulgarian tax resident.  
In order to qualify as a Bulgarian tax resident under Bulgarian local laws a corporate investor should 
either (i) be incorporated in the Republic of Bulgaria under the applicable Bulgarian laws or (ii) be an 
entity established under Council Regulation (EC) №2157/2001 or (iii) be a cooperative society 
established under Council Regulation (EC) 1435/2003, in case its registered office is within Bulgaria and 
it is entered in a Bulgarian register.  
An individual investor will qualify as a Bulgarian tax resident, without regard to its citizenship, in the 
event that he or she (i) has a permanent address in the Republic of Bulgaria; (ii) resides in the Republic 
of Bulgaria for more than 183 days during each twelve month period, (iii) has been sent abroad by the 
Bulgarian state, its authorities or organisations or by Bulgarian enterprises, or (iv) has a centre of vital 
interest in the Republic of Bulgaria.

--- Page 387 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
361 
 
Tax Treatment of Interest Income  
Non-resident Corporate Holders 
To the extent that the relevant Issuer is not a Bulgarian tax resident (nor does it have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria), Bulgarian tax on interest income of corporate holders that are not Bulgarian 
tax residents and do not have a permanent establishment in Bulgaria ("Non-resident Corporate 
Holders") derived under the Securities would not apply. Where any interest income is paid under the 
Securities to a Non-resident Corporate Holder acting through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria said 
interest income will be included in the corporate income taxable base of the relevant entity's permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria which, in turn, is subject to corporate income tax in Bulgaria at the rate of 10 
per cent. 
Non-resident Individual Investors  
To the extent that the relevant Issuer is not a Bulgarian tax resident (nor does it have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria), interest income of non-resident individual investors derived under the 
Securities would not be subject to Bulgarian tax.  
Bulgaria-resident Corporate Holders 
Irrespective of whether the Securities are traded on a regulated market in financial instruments (as defined 
in Directive 2014/65/EU) in Bulgaria or in an EU/the European Economic Area ("EEA") state 
("Regulated Market"), the interest income received by a Bulgarian tax resident corporate holder will be 
treated as a form of business income, and would therefore be included in its financial result. After netting 
off with recognised business expenses, any resulting profit is subject to general corporate tax at a flat rate 
of 10 per cent. The Bulgarian resident corporate holder would be liable for payment of the corporate 
income tax (provided its annual financial result is a positive figure), as well as for complying with certain 
reporting obligations under Bulgarian law. The annual corporate income tax, if any, should be paid by 
30 June of the following year, otherwise interest for the delay shall accrue thereon. 
Bulgaria-resident Individual Investors 
The interest income derived from Securities issued in accordance with the laws and regulations of 
Bulgaria, another EU Member State or another EEA state, and received by a Bulgarian tax resident 
individual is tax exempt in Bulgaria. Interest income derived from Securities issued in accordance with 
the laws and regulations of a country outside the EU/EEA and received by a Bulgarian tax resident 
individual are subject to Bulgarian personal income tax levied at a flat rate of 10 per cent. 
Special Treatment of Sole Proprietors ("ednolicen targovetz") 
An individual who is a Bulgarian tax resident and with regards to the Securities is acting as sole proprietor 
(ednolicen targovetz) within the meaning of the Bulgarian Commerce Act, whether registered or not, is 
subject to taxation for any interest as a legal entity at the rate of 15 per cent. 
Tax Treatment of Dividend Income  
Non-resident Corporate Holders 
To the extent that the relevant Issuer is not a Bulgarian tax resident (nor does it have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria) and relevant dividend income is not paid in relation to and based on equity 
participation in a Bulgaria-tax-resident entity, Bulgarian tax on dividend income of corporate holders 
that are not Bulgarian tax residents and do not have a permanent establishment in Bulgaria ("Non-
resident Corporate Holders") derived under the Securities would not apply.  
Where any dividend income is paid under the Securities to a Non-resident Corporate Holder acting 
through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria and if the issuing entity is not resident for tax purposes 
within the EU or EEA, said dividend income will be included in the corporate income taxable base of 
the relevant entity's permanent establishment in Bulgaria which, in turn, is subject to corporate income 
tax in Bulgaria at the rate of 10 per cent. (unless an exemption is granted under an applicable double tax 
treaty). Conversely, where dividend income is paid under the Securities to a Non-resident Corporate 
Holder acting through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria and if the issuing entity is resident for tax

--- Page 388 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
362 
 
 
purposes within the EU or EEA, said dividend payments will not be recognised income for Bulgarian tax 
purposes (pass through income) and will not lead to increase of the permanent establishment's taxable 
result in Bulgaria. 
Non-resident Individual Investors  
Unless the relevant Issuer of Securities is a Bulgarian tax resident, dividend income of non-resident 
individual investors derived under the Securities would not be subject to Bulgarian tax.  
Bulgaria-resident Corporate Holders 
Where any dividend income is paid under the Securities to a Bulgaria-resident corporate holder and if 
the issuing entity is not resident for tax purposes within the EU or EEA, said dividend income will be 
included in the corporate income taxable base of the relevant holder in Bulgaria which, in turn, is subject 
to corporate income tax in Bulgaria at the rate of 10 per cent. (unless an exemption is granted under an 
applicable double tax treaty). Conversely, where dividend income is paid under the Securities to a 
Bulgaria-resident corporate holder and if the issuing entity is resident for tax purposes within the EU or 
EEA, said dividend payments will not be recognised income for Bulgarian tax purposes (pass through 
income) and will not lead to increase of the Bulgarian holder's taxable result in Bulgaria. 
Bulgaria-resident Individual Investors 
Unless an exemption is granted under an applicable double tax treaty, any dividend income realised by a 
Bulgarian tax resident individual is subject to Bulgarian tax levied at a flat rate of 5 per cent. 
Special Treatment of Sole Proprietors ("ednolicen targovetz") 
An individual who is a Bulgarian tax resident and with regards to the Securities is acting as sole proprietor 
(ednolicen targovetz) within the meaning of the Bulgarian Commerce Act, whether registered or not, is 
subject to taxation for any dividend income with Bulgarian tax levied at a flat rate of 5 per cent. (unless 
an exemption is granted under an applicable double tax treaty). 
Tax Treatment of Capital Gains  
Non-resident Corporate Holders 
To the extent that the relevant Issuer is not a Bulgarian tax resident (nor does it have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria), capital gains income from disposal of Securities realised by Non-resident 
Corporate Holders would not be subject to Bulgarian tax unless such income is realised by the relevant 
Non-resident Corporate Holders through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria. In the latter case, the 
capital gains realised through disposal of Securities by a Non-resident Corporate Holder acting through 
a permanent establishment in Bulgaria would be included in the corporate income taxable result of the 
permanent establishment which – if positive (i.e. if there is profit realised) - is subject to corporate income 
tax in Bulgaria at the rate of 10 per cent. 
Non-resident Individual Holders  
To the extent that the relevant Issuer is not Bulgarian tax resident (nor does it have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria), capital gains income from disposal of Securities realised by non-resident 
individual holders would not be subject to Bulgarian tax. 
Bulgaria-resident Corporate Holders 
Unless an exemption applies, the tax treatment of capital gains from the disposal of Securities realised 
by a Bulgaria-tax-resident corporate holder, will be the same as the tax treatment of the interest income 
from Securities described above with respect to Bulgaria-resident Corporate Holders. The capital gains 
will be treated as a form of business income of the Bulgaria-tax-resident corporate holder and will be 
included in its taxable result. Should the taxable result be a positive figure, the Bulgarian investor would 
be liable for a payment of 10 per cent. corporate tax thereon.

--- Page 389 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
363 
 
Bulgaria-resident Individual Investors  
As a general rule under the Bulgarian Law on Personal Income Taxation, income derived by a Bulgaria-
tax-resident individual as a result of disposal of financial instruments shall be exempt from taxation with 
Bulgarian personal income tax. For the purposes of said exemption "disposal of financial instruments" is 
defined to include: (i) transactions with shares in collective investment schemes and national investments 
fund (as defined by law), and with shares, warrants (meaning instruments granting their holder the right 
to subscribe shares upon capital increase) and state-issued securities carried out on a Regulated Market; 
(ii) transactions completed under the terms and procedures for re-purchase by collective investment 
schemes admitted for offering in Bulgaria or in another EU Member State or EEA party; (iii) transactions 
completed under the terms and procedures for re-purchase (including distribution of money upon 
liquidation of a closed-type national investment fund) by national investment funds admitted for offering 
in Bulgaria; (iv) transactions completed under the terms and procedures for takeover bids regulated under 
the Bulgarian Law on Public Offering of Securities, or for similar transaction in another EU Member 
State or EEA party. 
The income of Bulgaria-tax-resident individuals derived from transfer of Securities which do not fall 
under the exemptions described above shall be subject to personal income tax at 10 per cent, as part of 
the overall annual income.  
Special Treatment of Sole Proprietors ("ednolicen targovetz") 
An individual who is a Bulgarian tax resident and with regards to the Securities is acting as sole proprietor 
(ednolicen targovetz) within the meaning of the Bulgarian Commerce Act, whether registered or not, is 
subject to taxation for any capital gains as a legal entity at the rate of 15 per cent. 
Other Taxes 
There is no Bulgarian value added tax, registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar duty payable in 
Bulgaria as a consequence of the receipt of interest income from Securities, or holding or disposal of 
Securities.  
Under Bulgarian law, the transfer of Securities by way of succession (through corporate reorganisation 
of a legal entity or inheritance of an individual) does not trigger separate transfer tax, except for 
inheritance taxes that may be due in the case of succession by individual holders who are Bulgarian tax 
residents. 
Application of Double Tax Treaties 
Bulgaria has a number of double tax treaties in place with various jurisdictions (including the USA and 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg). Each investor should seek further tax advice from qualified advisor(s) 
on whether any such double tax treaty may apply with respect to a particular type of income derived from 
the Securities, and if such application may allow the investor to avail of a tax relief from taxes which 
would otherwise be levied in Bulgaria or in another relevant jurisdiction (e.g. the country where the 
relevant Issuer(s) is/are resident for tax purposes). 
REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS 
The following is a general summary of certain tax aspects of the Securities under Cypriot law practice 
in force and applied as at the date of this Base Prospectus and does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all tax aspects relating to Securities. This summary does not analyse the tax position of 
the Issuer(s) and it does not constitute, nor should it be construed as, tax or legal advice. Prospective 
investors should consult their tax and other professional advisers as to the specific tax consequences of 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Securities and of receiving interest on any Securities. 
Introduction 
In accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Law, Law 118(I)/2002 (as amended) (the "Income 
Tax Law") a person (natural or legal) is liable to tax on its worldwide income on the basis of residency.  
A person is deemed resident in Cyprus for the purposes of the Income Tax Law if one satisfies either the 
'183 day rule' or the '60 day rule' for the tax year.

--- Page 390 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
364 
 
 
The '183 day rule' for Cyprus tax residency is satisfied for individuals who spend more than 183 days in 
any one calendar year in Cyprus. 
The '60 day rule' for Cyprus tax residency is satisfied for individuals who, in the relevant tax year: 
• 
do not reside in any other single country for a period exceeding 183 days in aggregate 
• 
are not considered tax resident by any other country 
• 
reside in Cyprus for at least 60 days, and 
• 
have other defined Cyprus ties. 
In the case of a company, its management and control is exercised in Cyprus. The tax year for the 
purposes of the Income Tax Law coincides with the calendar year. 
Non-Cyprus tax residents are taxed on income derived from sources in Cyprus or from a business activity 
which is carried out through a permanent establishment in Cyprus. A company is regarded as having a 
"permanent establishment" in Cyprus, if it has a fixed base of business through which the business is 
carried out fully or partially, including a management base, a branch or an office. 
Interest Income 
Non-Cyprus Tax Residents 
Persons (natural and legal) who are not resident for tax purposes pursuant to the provisions of the Income 
Tax Law will not be liable for any income tax or for the special contribution defence tax (as described 
below). Payments of interest made by the Issuer to such persons will not be subject to any Cyprus 
withholding taxes. 
Cyprus tax resident individuals 
Interest income received by or credited to a Cyprus tax resident individual is subject to special defence 
contribution levy at the rate of 30 per cent. pursuant to the provisions of the Special Defence Contribution 
Law, Law 117(I)/2002 (as amended) (the "SCDF Law"). Interest received or credited by a Cyprus tax 
resident individual, considered to arise in the ordinary course of the individual's business or considered 
closely connected thereto shall be treated as personal income and subject to income tax pursuant to the 
Income Tax Law. 
Cyprus tax resident companies that pay interest in respect of which special contribution defence tax is 
due to Cyprus tax resident individuals are obliged to withhold the special contribution defence tax at 
source and remit the tax to the Cypriot tax authorities. 
Cyprus non-domiciled individuals 
An individual who is a tax resident of Cyprus under the provisions of the Income Tax Law, but is "non- 
domiciled" in the Republic of Cyprus, will be exempt from special defence contribution levy described 
above. Therefore, tax residents but non-domiciled individuals will enjoy interest payments income free 
from special defence contribution levy in Cyprus. 
Cyprus non-domiciled individuals 
An individual who is a tax resident of Cyprus under the provisions of the Income Tax Law, but is "non 
domiciled" in the Republic of Cyprus, will be exempt from special defence contribution levy described 
above. Therefore, tax residents but non-domiciled individuals will enjoy interest payments income free 
from special defence contribution levy in Cyprus. 
Cyprus tax resident companies 
Any interest accruing or received by a Cyprus resident company which is considered to arise in the 
ordinary course of the business or is considered closely connected thereto shall be subject only to

--- Page 391 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
365 
 
(corporate) income tax at the rate of 12.50 per cent. Such income will not be liable to any tax under the 
SCDF Law. 
Interest income not arising in the ordinary course of business or being considered closely connected 
thereto shall be exempt from (corporate) income tax and shall be subject to tax under the SCDF Law at 
the rate of 30 per cent. 
Profit from the Disposal of the Securities 
Any gains derived from the disposal of Securities by a Cyprus resident individual or company are exempt 
from income tax in Cyprus. 
PROVIDED THAT Securities would fall under the definitions of securities (as this was provided by the 
Cypriot tax authorities as stated in the paragraph below) any gains from the disposal of Securities are not 
subject to Cyprus income tax, irrespective of the trading nature of the gain, the number of Securities held 
or the period for which the Securities were held. Any gain is also outside the scope of application of the 
Capital Gains Tax Law 1980-2002 (as amended). 
The Cyprus tax authorities have issued a circular interpreting the term "securities" as "shares, bonds, 
debentures, founders' shares and other securities of companies or other legal persons, incorporated in 
Cyprus or abroad and options thereof". Moreover it was further clarified that this term also includes 
options on the aforementioned securities, short positions on the aforementioned securities, 
futures/forwards on the aforementioned securities, swaps on aforementioned securities, depositary 
receipts on the aforementioned securities (ADRs, GDRs), rights of claim on bonds and debentures (rights 
on interest of these instruments are not included), index participations only if they result on the 
aforementioned securities, repurchase agreements or repos on the aforementioned securities, units in 
open-end or close-end collective investment schemes. Promissory notes or similar instruments would not 
fall under the definition of securities. 
It is not clear if the Securities would fall under the definition of the term "securities" as explained above 
or if these would be considered as promissory notes or similar instruments and for this reason each 
Security would need to be assessed on its terms of issuance.  
Where the Securities do not fall within the definition of securities (as this was provided by the Cypriot 
tax authorities), then any gains derived from the disposal of Securities by a Cyprus resident individual or 
company would be subject to corporate tax or personal income tax.  
Interest income would be however subject to the treatment set out above both in the case where the 
Securities fall within the definition of securities (as this was provided by the Cypriot tax authorities) and 
where they do not. 
Stamp Duty 
Following the enactment of the Stamp Duty (Amendment) (No. 2) Law 2002, section 4 of the Stamp 
Duty Law, Law 19/1963 as amended provides that: 
"(1) every instrument specified in the First Schedule shall be chargeable with duty of the amount 
specified in the said Schedule as the proper duty therefore respectively if it relates to any asset situated 
in the Republic or to matter or things which shall be performed or done in the Republic irrespective of 
the place where the document is made." 
In accordance with the principles of rulings of the Commissioner of Stamp Duty as of the date of this 
prospectus, an issue of Securities by the Issuer(s) will not be liable to stamp duty where the proceeds of 
the issue will remain outside Cyprus, will be utilised for purposes outside Cyprus and the obligation 
under such Securities will be repaid outside Cyprus. 
Transfers of Securities effected outside of Cyprus between non-residents of Cyprus do not attract stamp 
duty in Cyprus, PROVIDED THAT the transferor and the transferee are not residents of Cyprus.

--- Page 392 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
366 
 
 
CZECH REPUBLIC TAXATION 
General 
The following text is a general discussion of certain Czech tax consequences that may be relevant to the 
ownership and disposition of Securities (the "Discussion") by their holders who are Czech tax residents, 
beneficially own, within the OECD meaning of this term, any income from such Securities, and who, if 
they are individuals, have held their Securities as private investment and not as part of their business 
assets (a "Czech Holder"). It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Securities, and, in particular, does not consider any 
specific features of any of the Securities or any facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular 
purchaser. It is based on laws currently in force in the Czech Republic and applicable on the date of this 
Base Prospectus, but subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect. Due to the absence of 
statutory, judicial or administrative authorities that directly address the Czech tax treatment of 
structured instruments, such as Securities, significant aspects of the tax treatment of an investment in 
these Securities are uncertain. Therefore, prospective purchasers of Securities are advised to consult 
their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of 
Securities, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of the Czech Republic and 
each country where income from Securities can become subject to tax. 
Application of special bonds tax regime 
In 2021, new Czech income tax rules for the taxation of bonds came into effect. According to these rules, 
income from bonds is classified and taxed strictly by reference to the Czech bonds regulations. However, 
these regulations do not consider securities to be bonds if the right to repayment of a certain amount, 
which is linked to such securities, depends even partially on the occurrence of a certain event. Therefore, 
except in cases where a holder's capital is not at risk i.e. a holder's investment is returned at redemption, 
settlement or maturity under all circumstances, it can be reasonably argued that this new tax regime 
does not cover instruments with complex payoff structures, such as the Securities. This Discussion 
assumes that the special bonds tax regime does not apply to the Securities. 
Classification of Securities and income from them 
This Discussion assumes that Securities are treated as debt securities (other than bonds) for Czech tax 
purposes and that the income from them is considered as interest income. However, alternative 
treatments are possible, and even if the general characterisation of the relevant Securities as debt is 
respected there may nonetheless be uncertainty about specific aspects of the tax treatment of the relevant 
Securities. 
Czech interest income sourcing rules 
Interest is considered as Czech source income if it is paid by a Czech tax resident or a Czech permanent 
establishment of a non-resident. As such, there can be uncertainty as to whether the appointment of a 
paying agent or similar person in the Czech Republic could cause the interest to have a Czech source 
and become subject to withholding tax. However, it can be argued that the sourcing rules have not been 
designed to establish a paying-agent withholding tax system. Accordingly, interest income should be 
treated as having a Czech source only if the relevant Issuer is resident in the Czech Republic for tax 
purposes or if it has a permanent establishment in the Czech Republic and there is an economic link 
between Securities on which the interest is paid and that permanent establishment. This Discussion 
assumes that none of the Issuers is resident in the Czech Republic or has a permanent establishment in 
the Czech Republic. 
Czech income taxation 
Withholding tax on interest 
All payments of interest in respect of Securities can be made by the Issuer without any deduction or 
withholding for or on account of any taxes imposed or assessed in the Czech Republic.

--- Page 393 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
367 
 
Czech Holders – Individuals 
The interest accruing on Securities is subject to taxation in the Czech Republic when such interest is paid 
to the Czech Holders who are individuals. 
The gross amount of interest income (including any tax withheld abroad and not reduced by any 
expenses) is treated as capital income. Such income is included in a general tax base of the Czech Holder 
which is subject to progressive personal income tax of 15 or 23 per cent., depending on the Czech 
Holder's income bracket (the higher rate applying on the tax base exceeding 1,582,812, in 2024). 
However, the Czech Holders may decide to include the gross amount of interest into a separate tax base 
designated for taxation of certain foreign-sourced income in which case a flat personal income tax of 15 
per cent. will apply. The Czech tax law does not provide for any unilateral foreign-tax credit or a similar 
arrangement and, therefore, any double taxation relief must be resolved solely according to an applicable 
Czech tax treaty, if any. 
Unless exempt from tax, capital gains realised by Czech Holders upon sale of Securities are subject to 
progressive personal income tax of 15 or 23 per cent., depending on the Czech Holder's income bracket 
(the higher rate applying on the tax base exceeding CZK1,582,812, in 2024). Any loss will generally be 
treated as non-deductible, except where such loss is compensated by taxable gains on the sales of other 
securities in the same year and the income from the sale of Securities is not tax-exempt. 
Capital gains realised by a Czech Holder from the sale of Securities are exempt from Czech personal 
income tax if: 
(a) 
the individual has held such Securities continuously for more than three years before their sale 
(the "Holding Exemption); or 
(b) 
the total gross income (i.e. not a gain) from the sale of securities (including Securities) in one 
calendar year does not exceed CZK100,000. 
With effect from 1 January, 2025, the Holding Exemption will be subject to an annual threshold of 
CZK40,000,000. This threshold refers to the amount of exempt income (i.e., not gains) and, besides 
income from the sale of securities (including Securities), income from the sale of equity participations in 
corporations, where such participations are not represented by securities, will also count towards this 
threshold. 
If the income from the sale of the Securities is tax exempt and such income exceeds CZK5,000,000, then 
the Czech Holder must report such income to the tax authorities. 
Czech Holders – Corporations (holders other than individuals) 
Interest derived from Securities is included in the general tax base of the Czech Holder, which is subject 
to corporate income tax at a flat rate of 21 per cent., in 2024. The Czech Holders are generally required 
to recognize the interest in its profit and loss statement on an accrual (as opposed to cash) basis. 
Capital gains realised upon the sale of Securities are included in the general tax base, which is subject to 
corporate income tax at the flat rate of 21 per cent., in 2024. No exemption from tax is available and 
losses are generally tax deductible. 
A different regime may apply to certain corporations (e.g., pension funds, investment funds). 
Stamp, duty, transfer and other similar taxes 
No Czech stamp duty, registration, transfer or similar taxes will be payable in connection with the 
acquisition, ownership, sale or disposal of Securities by Czech Holders. 
DANISH TAXATION 
The following is a general description of the taxation in Denmark of Securities according to the Danish 
tax laws in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the 
interpretation and application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The 
following general description does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax

--- Page 394 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
368 
 
 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of Securities and does not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such 
as professional dealers in securities) may be subject to special rules. Potential investors are under all 
circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax advisor to clarify the individual 
consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of Securities. The Issuer makes no 
representations regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Securities. 
Taxation of Danish Resident Noteholders 
Structured securities can be designed in many ways and with many different underlying assets or in a 
way that the yield will depend on various index or currency flows. The Danish taxation depends on the 
specific characteristics of the Securities. 
The following tax rules generally apply to structured securities. 
Gains and losses on structured securities are generally treated as gains and losses on financial instruments 
in accordance with section 29(3) of the Danish Capital and Exchange Gains Act ("Kursgevinstloven") of 
29 September 2022.  
However, there are exceptions – for example, securities which are adjusted solely in relation to 
developments in the consumer prices index (as computed by Statistics Denmark ("Danmarks Statistik")), 
the net consumer-price index or a similar index within the European Union or any of its Member States. 
The gains and losses on structured securities are calculated irrespective of the rules applying to the 
underlying asset. 
Gains and losses on structured securities issued to corporate entities and individuals are predominantly 
treated as taxable income in accordance with a mark-to-market principle ("lagerprincippet"), such as on 
an unrealised basis meaning that gains and losses on structured securities will be taxed even if there has 
been no changes in the ownership of the structured securities. 
Individuals who are not deemed to engage in financial trade are taxed on gains as capital income, such 
as at a rate up to circa 42 per cent. in 2024.  
Corporate entities are generally able to deduct losses on structured securities, whereas individuals may, 
in general, only offset losses on structured securities against (previous and future) gains on other financial 
instruments. However, in both cases, certain restrictions or exceptions apply. 
Pension funds and other entities governed by the Danish Act on Taxation of Pension Yield 
("Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven") of 6 January 2023 (as amended) would, irrespective of realisation 
(whether or not there has been a change of ownership), be taxed on the annual value increase or decrease 
of the Securities according to a mark-to-market principle as specifically laid down in the act. The yield 
is taxed at a flat rate of 15.3 per cent. 
For individuals and corporate entities, income derived from Securities in the form of payments that 
constitute interests are subject to Danish taxation according to section 4, subparagraph E of the Central 
Government Tax Act ("Statsskatteloven") of 10 April 1922.  
Corporate entities are generally subject to 22 per cent. corporate income tax, whereas individuals are 
generally taxed as capital income at a rate up to circa 42 per cent. in 2024.  
Individuals and corporate entities are in general entitled to a tax credit in their Danish taxable income 
according to section 33 of the Danish Tax Assessment Act ("Ligningsloven") of 13 January 2023 (as 
amended), or in accordance with applicable tax treaties. The refund is calculated in accordance with a 
net principle ("nettoprincippet") which implies that the expenses relating to the foreign income are 
deducted. 
DUTCH TAXATION 
The following summary outlines certain principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
redemption, settlement and disposal of the Securities, but does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all Dutch tax considerations that may be relevant. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a holder

--- Page 395 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
369 
 
of Securities may include an individual or entity who does not have the legal title of these Securities, but 
to whom nevertheless the Securities or the income thereof is attributed based on specific statutory 
provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having an interest in the Securities or the income 
thereof. This summary is intended as general information only and each prospective investor should 
consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
redemption, settlement and disposal of the Securities. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, 
in each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and it does not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments 
have retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences for: 
(a) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(b) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other 
entities that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax; 
(c) 
holders of Securities holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial 
interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer(s) and holders of Securities of whom a certain 
related person holds a substantial interest in the Issuer(s). Generally speaking, a substantial 
interest in the Issuer(s)arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together 
with his or her partner (statutorily defined term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to 
hold (i) an interest of 5 per cent. or more of the total issued capital of the Issuer(s)or 5 per cent. 
or more of the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the Issuer(s), (ii) rights to acquire, 
directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit-sharing rights in the Issuer(s); 
(d) 
persons to whom the Securities and the income therefrom are attributed based on the separated 
private assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 
(Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(e) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten and that have an enterprise 
which is carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on 
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius or Saba and the Securities are attributable to such permanent 
establishment or permanent representative; and 
(f) 
individuals to whom the Securities or the income there from are attributable to employment 
activities which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands. 
For the purpose of the Dutch tax consequences described herein, it is assumed that the Issuer(s) are 
neither resident of the Netherlands nor deemed to be resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes 
nor have a permanent establishment in the Netherlands to which the Securities are attributed. 
Where this summary refers to 'the Netherlands' or 'Dutch', such reference is restricted to the part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the 
Kingdom. 
This summary does not describe the consequences of the exchange or the conversion of the Securities. 
Dutch Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuer(s) under the Securities may be made free of withholding or deduction 
for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a holder of Securities is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Dutch corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only subject

--- Page 396 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
370 
 
 
to Dutch corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Securities are attributable, income 
derived from the Securities and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or disposal of the 
Securities are generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to a maximum rate of 25.8 per cent.). 
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
individual income tax purposes, income derived from the Securities and gains realised upon the 
redemption, settlement or disposal of the Securities are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a 
maximum rate of 49.50 per cent.) under the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, if: 
(a) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Securities are 
attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth 
of an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Securities are attributable; or 
(b) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Securities that exceed regular, 
active portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (a) nor condition (b) above applies, an individual that holds the Securities, must in 
principle determine taxable income with regard to the Securities on the basis of a deemed return on 
savings and investments (sparen en beleggen). This deemed return on savings and investments is 
determined based on the individual's yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar 
year (1 January), insofar as the individual's yield basis exceeds a statutory threshold (heffingvrij 
vermogen)  (EUR57,000  in 2024). The individual's yield basis is determined as the fair market value of 
certain qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities 
on 1 January. The individual's deemed return is calculated by multiplying the individual's yield basis 
with a 'deemed return percentage' (effectief rendementspercentage), which percentage depends on the 
actual composition of the yield basis, with separate deemed return percentages for savings 
(banktegoeden), other investments (overige bezittingen) and debts (schulden). As of 1 January 2024, the 
percentage for other investments, which include the Securities, is set at 6.04 per cent..  
However, on 6 June 2024 the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) ruled in a number of cases (i.e. 
ECLI:NL:HR:2024:704, ECLI:NL:HR:2024:705, ECLI:NL:HR:2024:756, ECLI:NL:HR:2024:771 and 
ECLI:NL:HR:2024:813) that the current system of taxation in relation to an individual's savings and 
investments based on a 'deemed return' contravenes with Section 1 of the First Protocol to the European 
Convention on Human Rights in combination with Section 14 of the European Convention on Human 
Rights if the deemed return applicable to the savings and investments exceeds the actual return in the 
respective calendar year. In these rulings, the Dutch Supreme Court has also provided guidance for 
calculating the actual return: (i) all assets that are taxed under the regime for savings and investments are 
taken into account, and the statutory threshold will not be deducted from the individual's yield basis; (ii) 
the actual return should be based on a nominal return without considering inflation; (iii) the actual return 
includes not only benefits derived from assets, such as interest, dividends and rental income, but also 
positive and negative changes in the value of these assets, including unrealized value changes; (iv) costs 
are not taken into account for determining the actual return, but interest on debts that are included in the 
individual's yield basis should be taken into account; and (v) positive or negative returns from previous 
years are not taken into account. 
If the individual demonstrates that the actual return – calculated in accordance with the guidelines of the 
Dutch Supreme Court – is lower than the deemed return, only the actual return should be taxed under the 
regime for savings and investments. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no legislative changes have 
been proposed by the Dutch legislator in response to the 6 June 2024 rulings.  
The deemed or actual return on savings and investments is taxed at a rate of 36 per cent..  
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is neither a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Dutch corporate or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Dutch income tax in 
respect of income derived from the Securities and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or 
disposal of the Securities, unless:

--- Page 397 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
371 
 
(a) 
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands 
to which permanent establishment or a permanent representative the Securities are attributable, 
or (2) is, other than by way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co 
entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands 
and to which enterprise the Securities are attributable. 
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25.8 per cent. 
(b) 
the person is an individual and such individual (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise 
that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative 
the Securities are attributable, or (2) realises income or gains with respect to the Securities that 
qualify as income from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands which include activities with 
respect to the Securities that exceed regular, active portfolio management, or (3) is, other than 
by way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed 
in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Securities are attributable. 
Income derived from the Securities as specified under (1) and (2) by an individual is subject to individual 
income tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent. Income derived from a share in 
the profits of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) or (2) will be taxed 
on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (as described above under "Residents of the 
Netherlands"). 
Gift and Inheritance tax 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Securities by way 
of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Securities, unless: 
(a) 
the holder of the Securities is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of 
the relevant provisions; or 
(b) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the 
Securities or in respect of a cash payment made under the Securities, or in respect of a transfer of the 
Securities. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty, capital tax or any other similar documentary 
tax or duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the 
subscription, issue, placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Securities. 
FINNISH TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to Securities. They relate 
only to payments by the relevant Issuer(s) and Guarantor(s) to beneficial owners of the Securities and 
may not apply to certain classes of persons such as Dealers. It does not purport to be a complete analysis 
of all tax considerations relating to the Securities, whether in Finland or elsewhere. Prospective 
purchasers of Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be 
relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Securities and receiving payments of interest, principal 
and/or other amounts under the Securities and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect in Finland on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date, including changes 
with retroactive effect.

--- Page 398 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
372 
 
 
For the purpose of the Finnish tax consequences described herein, it is assumed that each of the relevant 
Issuer(s) and the Guarantor(s) is neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of Finland for Finnish 
tax purposes or engage in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of 
business in Finland in relation to the Securities. 
General 
Finnish residents and non-residents are treated differently for tax purposes in Finland. Finnish residents 
are subject to taxation in Finland on their worldwide income. Non-residents who are not generally liable 
for tax in Finland are subject to taxation in Finland solely in respect of their Finnish source income. 
Generally, an individual is deemed to be a Finnish resident if such an individual continuously resides in 
Finland for more than six months or if the permanent home and dwelling of such an individual is in 
Finland. A citizen of Finland who has moved abroad is regarded as resident for Finnish tax purposes until 
three years have passed after the end of the year of emigration, even though the individual does not reside 
in Finland over six months or the permanent home and dwelling are not located in Finland, if such an 
individual cannot prove that he/she has not had any essential relationship to Finland in the tax year in 
question. Entities established under the laws of Finland and entities that have their place of effective 
management located in Finland are regarded as residents of Finland in accordance with domestic tax law. 
Double tax treaties may restrict the authority of the Finnish state to tax foreign source income of an 
individual or entity deemed as resident of Finland pursuant to Finnish domestic tax law. 
Resident holders of Securities 
Under present Finnish domestic tax law, holders of Securities, who are resident in Finland for tax 
purposes, are as a general rule subject to Finnish tax on interest payments received under the Securities 
and on gains realised on the sale, exchange, redemption, settlement or other disposition of the Securities. 
Individuals 
Interest and any similar income (e.g. interest compensation (jälkimarkkinahyvitys) and index 
compensation(indeksihyvitys)) received by individual holders of Securities and capital gain accrued on 
the Securities is generally taxed as capital income unless the Securities are considered to belong to the 
business activity of an individual. Capital income is taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. to the extent the 
annual capital income of the individual does not exceed EUR30,000. For the part of the capital income 
that exceeds EUR30,000 during a calendar year the tax rate is 34 per cent. 
Losses realised on the sale or redemption or settlement of Securities should be regarded as capital losses 
and be deductible against all capital income in the same year and the following five years, at least where 
the Securities are marketable.  
Income and gains from Securities considered to belong to the business activity of an individual for 
Finnish tax purposes are included in the total business income of such individual. The business income 
will be divided according to the Finnish Income Tax Act to be taxed as capital income (taxed at the rate 
of 30 or 34 per cent.) and earned income taxed at a progressive tax rate. 
Corporates 
Interest and any similar income (e.g. interest compensation (jälkimarkkinahyvitys) and index 
compensation (indeksihyvitys)) received by corporate holders of Securities and capital gain accrued on 
the Securities is generally taxed as business income or other income, taxed at the corporate income tax 
rate of 20 per cent. (applicable rate in 2024). Losses realised should be deductible against business 
income (where the Securities are considered business assets) or against capital gains from other income 
in the same year and the following five years (at least where the Securities are marketable). 
Tax exemptions may apply with respect to certain categories of corporate holders of Securities, such as 
tax exempt investment institutions, pension funds or other entities that are exempt from Finnish corporate 
income tax. 
Non-Resident Holders of Securities 
Holders of Securities who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not conduct business 
through a permanent establishment in Finland will not be subject to Finnish taxes either on payments in

--- Page 399 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
373 
 
respect of the Securities or gains realised on the sale, exchange, redemption, settlement or other 
disposition of the Securities. Where the income under the Securities is attributable to a permanent 
establishment of a Non-resident holder of the Securities, the taxation would generally follow the taxation 
of resident holders of the Securities (see "Corporates" above). 
Withholding 
None of the relevant Issuer(s), the Guarantor(s) are under an obligation to perform any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any income tax imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Finland or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein in respect of any payments under the Securities. 
Further, such payments may be made free of any withholding when the recipient of the payment is not 
resident in Finland for tax purposes, or is a corporate resident in Finland for tax purposes. 
An agent or intermediary resident in Finland (or a Finnish permanent establishment of a non-resident 
paying agent or intermediary, if the payment is made through a such permanent establishment) shall 
withhold advance income tax of 30 per cent. from any interest, interest compensation 
(jälkimarkkinahyvitys), index compensation, (indeksihyvitys) or other similar payment paid to an 
individual residing in Finland where such payment is made through the agent or intermediary. 
Transfer Taxation 
A transfer of the Securities is not subject to Finnish transfer tax. 
FRENCH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of certain material French tax considerations relating to Securities issued 
to holders resident in or otherwise subject to tax in France. This information is of general nature and 
aims at addressing only the French compulsory withholding tax treatment of income arising from the 
Securities and certain transfer tax implications relevant in case of physical delivery in respect of the 
Securities. This summary is based on the laws and regulations in full force and effect in France as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change in the future, potentially with retroactive 
effect. Investors should be aware that the summary below is of a general nature and does not constitute 
legal or tax advice and should not be understood as such. Prospective investors are therefore advised to 
consult their own qualified advisors so as to determine, in the light of their individual situation, the tax 
consequences of the purchase, holding, redemption, settlement or disposal of the Securities. 
Withholding tax 
The following has been prepared on the assumption that the Securities are treated as debt instruments 
for French tax purposes; the Issuer(s) and the Guarantor(s) are not (and will not be) French residents 
for French tax purposes and the Securities (and any transaction in connection therewith) are not (and 
will not be) attributed or attributable to a French branch, permanent establishment or fixed place of 
business in France of any Issuer(s) or the Guarantor(s); and that the Holders of the Securities are French 
tax resident individuals. 
Payments of interest and other similar revenues in respect of the Securities made by any Issuer(s) and the 
Guarantor(s) will be made free of any compulsory withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by France or any French political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
However, pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French tax code, if the paying agent (établissement payeur) 
is established in France or in an EU or EEA Member State and has been appointed by the French 
individual Holder to withhold, pay and report the flat tax on his behalf, and subject to certain exceptions, 
interest and other similar revenues received by such individual Holder who is fiscally domiciled in France 
are subject to a 30 per cent. flat tax composed of individual income tax at a rate of 12.8 per cent. (which 
is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been 
made) and social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) levied at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per 
cent. 
Interest or similar revenues must be reported by the French individual Holder in his annual tax return to 
be filed during the following year for final computation of the income tax.

--- Page 400 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
374 
 
 
If the French individual Holder expressly and irrevocably elects to the progressive individual income tax 
regime on his whole revenues otherwise subject to the flat tax, the above-mentioned 30 per cent. flat tax 
withheld would be regarded as a prepayment and further offset against the individual income tax due by 
the taxpayer, in which case 6.8 per cent. of the social contributions will be deductible from the taxable 
income of the year of their payment. 
French financial transaction tax and transfer tax 
The following may be relevant in connection with Securities which are settled, redeemed or repaid by 
way of physical delivery of French shares issued by an issuer whose registered office is located in France 
or certain assimilated securities. 
The French financial transaction tax provided under Article 235 ter ZD of the French tax code (the 
"Financial Transaction Tax") is applicable, subject to certain exemptions, at a rate of 0.3 per cent. to 
any acquisitions for consideration of (i) equity securities (titres de capital) as defined by Article L.212-
1 A of the French monetary and financial code or assimilated equity securities (titres de capital assimilés) 
as defined by Article L.211-41 of the French monetary and financial code which are listed on a regulated 
market and issued by an issuer whose registered seat is located in France and whose market capitalisation 
exceeds 1 billion Euros on 1 December of the year preceding the imposition (the "French Shares") or 
(ii) securities (titres) representing French Shares, irrespective of the location of the registered office of 
the issuer of such securities. If the Financial Transaction Tax applies to the acquisition of French Shares, 
this transaction is exempt from transfer taxes (droits de mutation à titre onéreux) provided under Article 
726 of the French tax code (the "Transfer Taxes") which generally apply at a rate of 0.1 per cent. to the 
sale of shares issued by an issuer whose registered seat is located in France, PROVIDED THAT in case 
of shares listed on a recognised stock exchange, Transfer Taxes are due only if the transfer is evidenced 
by a written deed or agreement. 
GERMAN TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain German tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and the sale, assignment, redemption or settlement of Securities and the receipt of interest thereon. It 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations, which may be relevant to 
a decision to purchase Securities, and, in particular, does not consider any specific facts or 
circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. This summary is based on the laws of Germany 
currently in force and as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect.  
As each Series or Tranche of Securities may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific 
terms of such Series or Tranche, the following section only provides some very generic information on 
the possible tax treatment and has to be read in conjunction with the more specific information on the 
taxation of each Series or Tranche of Securities as provided in the applicable Issue Terms. Furthermore, 
the taxation of the different types of Securities may differ from each other. The following summary only 
describes the tax treatment of Securities in general and certain particularities with respect to individual 
types of Securities. Where the term "certificates" is used in the following summary it refers – according 
to a German understanding of the term – to certain types of Securities linked to an underlying. 
Prospective purchasers of Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the acquisition, the ownership and the sale, assignment, redemption or settlement of 
Securities and the receipt of interest thereon, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax 
laws of Germany and each country of which they are residents or citizens or may otherwise be liable to 
tax. Only these advisers will be able to take into account appropriately the details relevant to the taxation 
of the respective holders of the relevant Securities. 
Tax Residents 
Private Investors 
Interest/Capital gains 
Interest payable on Securities to persons holding such Securities as private assets ("Private Investors") 
who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. persons whose residence or habitual abode is located in Germany) 
qualifies as investment income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) according to Sec. 20 para. 1 German

--- Page 401 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
375 
 
Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz) and is, in general, taxed at a separate flat tax rate of 25 per 
cent. according to Sec. 32d para. 1 German Income Tax Act (Abgeltungsteuer, in the following also 
referred to as "flat tax"), plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax.  
Capital gains from the sale, assignment, redemption or settlement of Securities, including the original 
issue discount and interest having accrued up to the disposition of a Security and credited separately 
("Accrued Interest", (Stückzinsen)), if any, qualify – irrespective of any holding period – as investment 
income pursuant to Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act and are also generally taxed at the flat tax 
rate of 25 per cent., plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax. If the 
Securities are assigned, redeemed, repaid or contributed into a corporation by way of a hidden 
contribution (verdeckte Einlage in eine Kapitalgesellschaft) rather than sold, as a rule, such transaction 
is treated like a sale. 
Capital gains are determined by taking the difference between the sale, assignment, redemption or 
settlement price (after the deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment, 
redemption or settlement) and the acquisition price of the relevant Securities. Where the relevant 
Securities are issued in a currency other than Euro the sale, assignment, redemption or settlement price 
and the acquisition costs have to be converted into Euro on the basis of the foreign exchange rates 
prevailing on the acquisition date and the sale, assignment, redemption or settlement date respectively. 
If the Issuer(s) exercise(s) the right to substitute the Issuer(s) of the Securities, the substitution might, for 
German tax purposes, be treated as an exchange of the Securities for new notes issued by the new 
Issuer(s). Such a substitution could result in the recognition of a taxable gain or loss for the respective 
investors. 
Expenses (other than such expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment, redemption or 
settlement) related to interest payments or capital gains under the Securities are – except for a standard 
lump sum (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) of Euro 1,000 (Euro 2,000 for jointly assessed holders) – in principle 
not deductible. 
According to the flat tax regime losses from the sale, assignment, redemption or settlement of Securities 
can only be set-off against other investment income including capital gains. If the set-off is not possible 
in the assessment period in which the losses have been realised, such losses can be carried forward into 
future assessment periods only and can be set-off against investment income including capital gains 
generated in these future assessment periods. The offsetting of losses incurred by a Private Investor is 
subject to several restrictions. Losses incurred with respect to the Securities can only be offset against 
investment income of the Private Investor realised in the same or the following years. Losses from capital 
claims of private investors can now be offset against income derived from capital investments up to an 
amount of EUR20,000.00 p.a. Further, loss from Securities which qualify as derivative transactions 
(Termingeschäfte) may only be applied against profits from other derivative transactions, and only up to 
an amount of EUR20,000.00 in a given year. Losses exceeding any of these thresholds can be carried 
forward. The Federal Fiscal Court (Bundesfinanzhof) considers loss offsetting restrictions for losses on 
the sale of shares to be unconstitutional and has submitted the question by decision of 17 November 2020 
(docket no. VIII R 11/18) to the German Federal Constitutional Court (BVerfG) for a decision on 
constitutionality. 
Particularities apply with respect to so-called full risk certificates with several payment dates. According 
to the decree of the German Federal Ministry of Finance (Bundesfinanzministerium) dated 19 May 2022 
(IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :009) (as last amended by decree dated 11 July 2023 (IV C 1 - S 
2252/19/10003:011)), all payments to the investor under such full risk certificates that are made prior to 
the final maturity or exercise date shall qualify as taxable income from an "other capital receivable" 
(sonstige Kapitalforderung) pursuant to Sec. 20 para 1 no. 7 German Income Tax Act, unless the offering 
terms and conditions stipulate that such payments shall be redemption or settlement payments and the 
parties act accordingly. Even if there is no final redemption or settlement payment, the final maturity or 
exercise date shall constitute a sale-like event in the meaning of Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act. 
If no payments are planned for a full risk certificate at the time of final maturity or exercise because the 
underlying asset has left a range provided for in the issue conditions, or if the certificate is terminated 
(prematurely) due to the range being left (so-called "knock-out certificate") without further capital 
repayments, this constitutes a redemption or settlement at zero and therefore also a sale-like event within 
the meaning of Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act. The acquisition costs of the certificate must be 
recognised as a loss. The general loss offsetting restrictions (please ref. above) must however be taken 
into account for the losses. The same applies when the knock-out threshold is reached.

--- Page 402 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
376 
 
 
Further, the German Federal Ministry of Finance in its decree dated 19 May 2022 (IV C 1 - S 
2252/19/10003:009, marginal number 61)) (as amended) has taken the position that a bad debt loss 
(Forderungsausfall) and a waiver of a receivable (Forderungsverzicht) shall, in general, be treated as a 
sale, so that losses suffered upon such bad debt loss or waiver shall be deductible for tax purposes. It is 
not clear, whether the position of the German tax authorities may affect securities which are linked to a 
reference value in case such value decreases.  
Withholding 
If Securities are held in custody with or administered by a German credit institution, financial services 
institution (including a German permanent establishment of such foreign institution), securities trading 
company or securities trading bank ("Disbursing Agent"), the flat tax at a rate of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be withheld by the Disbursing 
Agent on interest payments and the excess of the proceeds from the sale, assignment, redemption or 
settlement (after the deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment, 
redemption or settlement) over the acquisition costs for the relevant Securities (if applicable converted 
into Euro terms on the basis of the foreign exchange rates as of the acquisition date and the sale, 
assignment, redemption or settlement date respectively). Church tax is collected by way of withholding 
as a standard procedure unless the Private Investor has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the 
German Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern). 
The Disbursing Agent will provide for the set-off of losses against investment income including capital 
gains from other securities. If, in the absence of sufficient investment income derived through the same 
Disbursing Agent, a set-off is not possible, the holder of Securities may – instead of having a loss carried 
forward into the following year – file an application with the Disbursing Agent until 15 December of the 
current fiscal year for a certification of losses (Verlustbescheinigung) in order to set-off such losses 
against investment income derived through other institutions in the holder's personal income tax return.  
If custody has changed since the acquisition and the acquisition data is not proved as required by Sec. 
43a para. 2 German Income Tax Act or not permitted to be proved, the flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (plus 
5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be imposed on an amount 
equal to 30 per cent. of the proceeds from the sale, assignment, redemption or settlement of the relevant 
Securities.  
In the course of the tax withholding provided for by the Disbursing Agent foreign taxes may be credited 
in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. 
If Securities are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent, the flat tax will – by way of 
withholding – apply on interest paid by a Disbursing Agent upon presentation of a coupon (whether or 
not presented with the relevant Security to which it appertains) to a holder of such coupon (other than a 
non-German bank or financial services institution) (Tafelgeschäft), if any. In this case proceeds from the 
sale, assignment, redemption or settlement of the relevant Securities will also be subject to the 
withholding of the flat tax. 
In general, no flat tax will be levied if the holder of a Security filed a withholding exemption certificate 
(Freistellungsauftrag) with the Disbursing Agent (in the maximum amount of the standard lump sum of 
current Euro 1,000 (Euro 2,000 for jointly assessed holders) to the extent the income does not exceed the 
maximum exemption amount shown on the withholding exemption certificate. Similarly, no flat tax will 
be deducted if the holder of a Security has submitted to the Disbursing Agent a valid certificate of non-
assessment (Nichtveranlagungsbescheinigung) issued by the competent tax office. 
For Private Investors, the withheld flat tax is, in general, definitive. Exceptions apply e.g. if and to the 
extent the actual investment income exceeds the amount which was determined as the basis for the 
withholding of the flat tax by the Disbursing Agent. In such case, the exceeding amount of investment 
income must be included in the Private Investor's income tax return and will be subject to the flat tax in 
the course of the assessment procedure. According to the decree of the German Federal Ministry of 
Finance dated 19 May 2022 (IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :009) (as last amended by decree dated 11 July 
2023 (IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :013)), however, any exceeding amount of not more than Euro 500 per 
assessment period might not be claimed on grounds of equity, PROVIDED THAT no other reasons for 
an assessment according to Sec. 32d para. 3 German Income Tax Act exist. Further, Private Investors 
may request that their total investment income, together with their other income, is subject to taxation at

--- Page 403 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
377 
 
their personal, progressive income tax rate rather than the flat tax rate, if this results in a lower tax liability 
(Günstigerprüfung). According to Sec. 32d para. 2 no. 1 German Income Tax Act the flat tax rate is also 
not available in situations where an abuse of the flat tax rate is assumed (e.g. "back-to-back" financing). 
In order to prove such investment income and the withheld flat tax thereon, the investor may request 
from the Disbursing Agent a respective certificate in officially required form. 
Investment income not subject to the withholding flat tax (e.g. if there is no Disbursing Agent) must be 
included in the personal income tax return and will be subject to the flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax), unless the investor requests the 
investment income to be subject to taxation at lower personal, progressive income tax rate or the 
investment income is not subject to the flat tax rate according to Sec. 32d para. 2 German Income Tax 
Act. Foreign taxes on investment income may be credited in accordance with the German Income Tax 
Act. 
Business Investors 
Interest payable on Securities to persons holding the relevant Securities as business assets ("Business 
Investors") who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. Business Investors whose residence, habitual abode, 
statutory seat or place of effective management and control is located in Germany) and capital gains from 
the sale, assignment, redemption or settlement of Securities, including the original issue discount and 
Accrued Interest, if any, are subject to income tax at the Business Investor's personal, progressive income 
tax rate (plus currently 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax), or, in 
case of corporate entities, to corporate income tax at a uniform 15 per cent. tax rate (plus 5.5 per cent. 
solidarity surcharge thereon). Such interest payments and capital gains may also be subject to trade tax 
if the relevant Securities form part of the property of a German trade or business. Losses from the sale, 
assignment, redemption or settlement of Securities are, in general, recognised for tax purposes; this may 
be different if certain (in particular index linked) Securities qualify as derivative transactions.  
Withholding tax, if any, including solidarity surcharge thereon, is credited as a prepayment against the 
Business Investor's personal, progressive or corporate income tax liability and the solidarity surcharge in 
the course of the tax assessment procedure, i.e. the withholding tax is not definitive. Any potential surplus 
will be refunded. However, in general and subject to further requirements, no withholding deduction will 
apply on capital gains from the sale, assignment, redemption or settlement of Securities if (i) such 
Securities are held by a corporation, association or estate in terms of Sec. 43 para. 2 sentence 3 no. 1 
German Income Tax Act or (ii) the proceeds from such Securities qualify as income of a domestic 
business and the investor notifies this to the Disbursing Agent by use of the required official form 
according to Sec. 43 para. 2 sentence 3 no. 2 German Income Tax Act (Erklärung zur Freistellung vom 
Kapitalertragsteuerabzug). 
Where notes qualify as zero bonds and form part of a trade or business, each year the part of the difference 
between the issue or purchase price and the redemption or settlement amount attributable to such year 
must be taken into account as income. 
Foreign taxes may be credited in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. Alternatively, foreign 
taxes may also be deducted from the tax base for German income tax purposes. 
Non-residents 
Interest payable on Securities and capital gains, including Accrued Interest, if any, are not subject to 
German taxation, unless (i) the relevant Securities form part of the business property of a permanent 
establishment, including a permanent representative, or a fixed base maintained in Germany by the holder 
of the relevant Securities; (ii) the investment income otherwise constitutes German-source income; or 
(iii) the relevant Securities are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent and interest or 
proceeds from the sale, assignment, redemption or settlement of the relevant Securities are paid by a 
Disbursing Agent upon presentation of a coupon to a holder of such coupon (other than a non-German 
bank or financial services institution) (Tafelgeschäft), if any. In the cases (i), (ii) and (iii) a tax regime 
similar to that explained above under "Tax Residents" applies. 
Insofar as the prerequisites for a limited tax liability are not met in the case of a non resident who has 
capital income, no withholding tax is to be withheld by the Disbursing Agent for this income, even if the 
relevant Securities are held in custody with a Disbursing Agent (cf. margin number 313 of the decree

--- Page 404 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
378 
 
 
dated 19 May 2022 (IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :009) (as last amended by decree dated 11 June 2023 (IV 
C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :013)). However, where the investment income is subject to German taxation as 
set forth in the preceding paragraph and the relevant Securities are held in a custodial account with a 
Disbursing Agent or in case of a Tafelgeschäft, withholding tax is levied as explained above under "Tax 
Residents". The withholding tax may be refunded based upon German national tax law or an applicable 
tax treaty. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to any Security will arise under the laws of Germany if, in the 
case of inheritance tax, neither the decedent nor the beneficiary or, in the case of gift tax, neither the 
donor nor the donee, is a resident of Germany and such Security is not attributable to a trade or business 
for which a permanent establishment is maintained, or a permanent representative has been appointed, 
in Germany. Exceptions from this rule apply to certain German expatriates. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Germany in connection with 
the issuance, delivery, execution or conversion of Securities. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) 
is not levied in Germany. Germany and other EU Member States intend to introduce a financial 
transaction tax (see below). However, it is unclear if and in what form such tax will be actually 
introduced. In case such tax is introduced, the acquisition and disposal of Securities (in the secondary 
market) could be subject to a tax of at least 0.1 per cent. of the acquisition or disposal price. 
EU Residents 
The EU Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income has been repealed as of 
1 January 2016 (1 January 2017 in the case of Austria) (in each case subject to transitional arrangements). 
However, the Council of the European Union has also adopted Directive 2014/107/EU (the "Amending 
Cooperation Directive"), amending Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of 
taxation so as to introduce an extended automatic exchange of information regime in accordance with 
the Global Standard released by the OECD Council as of 1 January 2016 (1 January 2017 in the case of 
Austria). Germany has implemented the Amending Cooperation Directive by means of a Financial 
Account Information Act (Finanzkonten-Informationsaustauschgesetz, FKAustG) according to which it 
will provide information on financial accounts to EU Member States and certain other states as of 
1 January 2016. 
Solidarity surcharge 
Please note that the solidarity surcharge was partially abolished as of the assessment period 2021 for 
certain individuals (Law on the return of the solidarity surcharge 1995 of 10 December 2019 - Federal 
Law Gazette 2019 I pg. 2115). The solidarity surcharge shall, however, continue to apply for investment 
income and, thus, on withholding taxes levied. In case the individual income tax burden for a non-
business Holders of Securities tax resident in Germany is lower than 25 per cent. such Holder can apply 
for his/her investment income being assessed at his/her individual tariff-based income tax rate in which 
case solidarity surcharge would be refunded (see above). 
GREEK TAXATION 
The following summary describes the principal Greek tax consequences in relation to the subscription, 
holding, redemption, settlement and disposal of the Securities by tax residents in the Hellenic Republic 
("Greece") or investors otherwise subject to Greek taxation (due to a permanent establishment in Greece 
through which the Securities are held) (for the purposes of this summary). The discussion is not 
exhaustive and does not purport to deal with all the tax consequences applicable to all possible 
categories of holders, some of which may be subject to special rules, and also does not touch upon 
procedural requirements such as the filing of proof of residence of a tax declaration or of supporting 
documentation required. Further, it is not intended as tax advice to any particular investor nor does it 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all Greek taxation considerations thereof. 
This summary is based on the tax legislation, published case law, guidance Securities and other 
regulatory acts of the respective Greek authorities as in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and does 
not take into account any developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such

--- Page 405 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
379 
 
developments or amendments have retroactive effect. There are also certain tax issues which have not 
been clarified, up to this time, by the tax administration.  
Individuals are assumed not to be acting in the course of business for tax purposes. "Greek tax residents" 
includes, as regards legal persons and legal entities, the permanent establishment in Greece of a foreign 
legal person or legal entity, where the Securities are held through that permanent establishment. 
Tax considerations are subject to the more favourable provisions of any applicable bilateral treaty for the 
avoidance of double taxation. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities. 
For the purposes of this section, it is assumed that none of Citigroup Inc., Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. and Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited is a resident of Greece for Greek taxation purposes. 
Furthermore, it is noted that the Greek tax legislation does not explicitly provide for specific rules for the 
tax treatment of combined instruments in terms of Securities, the performance of which is linked to the 
performance of an underlying, financial index or basket of assets. Therefore, the discussion below is 
limited to the payment of interest under the Securities and their corresponding treatment as debt 
securities. 
Interest payments 
(a) 
Individual Noteholders 
Payments of interest under the Securities to individual holders of the Securities are subject to 
income tax at a flat rate of 15 per cent. If payment of interest is made through a Greek paying 
or other similar agent, a withholding tax of 15 per cent. shall apply. Such withholding tax 
exhausts the income tax liability of the respective individual recipients of such interest income. 
(b) 
Noteholders that are Legal Persons and Legal Entities 
Payments of interest under the Securities by the relevant Issuer to legal persons and legal entities 
that are Greek tax residents will be treated as part of their annual income. Income of legal 
persons and legal entities is taxed at a flat rate, which is currently 22 per cent, (with the exception 
of credit institutions participating in the scheme allowing for the conversion of deferred tax 
assets into final claims against the State under certain circumstances, which are taxed at 29 per 
cent). If payment is made through a Greek paying or other similar agent, a withholding of 15 
per cent. applies, which will be treated as an advance payment over income tax owed for that 
financial year. 
Capital gains realised from the disposal of the Securities  
(a) 
Individual Noteholders  
Capital gains realised from the disposal of the Securities are subject to income tax at a rate of 
15 per cent. Capital gains will equal the difference between the acquisition and the transfer price 
of a Note, plus/minus expenses directly related to the acquisition/transfer price of the Note. 
Capital gains may be set off, under certain circumstances, against capital losses from securities 
that have been incurred in the last 5 years. 
Notwithstanding the above, capital gains over bonds issued by EU, EEA and EFTA issuers are 
exempted from income tax over capital gains, as is the case with Greek corporate bonds. 
"Bonds" should be interpreted narrowly for the purposes of this exemption to include debt 
instruments representing a claim to receive back the entirety of an amount lent, which may be 
convertible to shares, may be exchangeable with other securities, may provide a right to interest 
and/or may provide a right to profits. 
In this context, the tax authority has expressed the view that the difference between the 
acquisition value on the secondary market and the payment of principal received upon expiry

--- Page 406 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
380 
 
 
of a corporate bond does not constitute capital gains. In this case "bonds" should again be 
interpreted narrowly, as above. 
It would be reasonable to assume that payments under the Securities by a guarantor will be 
classified for tax purposes in the same manner as if the payment were being made by the relevant 
Issuer, although this point has not been addressed specifically in a general manner. 
(b) 
Holders of the Securities that are Legal Persons and Legal Entities 
As a rule, all income of legal persons and legal entities is classified as income from business 
activities and taxed at a rate of 22 per cent. 
Notwithstanding the above, as regards capital gains over bonds issued by EU, EEA and EFTA 
issuers taxation is deferred until capitalisation or distribution, as is the case with Greek corporate 
bonds. Upon capitalisation or distribution, capital gains will be taxed at the then applicable 
income tax rate. "Bonds" should be interpreted narrowly for the purposes of this exemption to 
include debt instruments representing a claim to receive back the entirety of an amount lent, 
which may be convertible to shares, may be exchangeable with other securities, may provide a 
right to interest and/or may provide a right to profits. 
HUNGARIAN TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain Hungarian tax consequences relating to the acquisition 
and ownership of Securities. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Securities, and, in particular, does not 
consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. It is based on laws 
currently in force in Hungary and applicable on the date of this Base Prospectus, but subject to change, 
possibly with retrospective effect. The acquisition of Securities by non-Hungarian holders, or the 
payment of interest under Securities may trigger additional tax payments in the country of residence of 
the relevant holder, which is not covered by this summary, but where the provisions of the treaties on the 
avoidance of double taxation should be taken into consideration. Prospective purchasers of Securities 
are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and 
disposition of Securities, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Hungary 
and each country of which they are residents. 
Withholding tax (foreign resident individual holders) 
Foreign resident individual holders are subject to personal income tax in Hungary if they realise income 
that qualifies as Hungarian sourced income (i) in accordance with an applicable tax treaty; or, (ii) in the 
absence of a tax treaty, in accordance with Act CXVII of 1995 on Personal Income Tax (the "Personal 
Income Tax Act").  
If a tax treaty is applicable, then Hungary's taxation right has to be determined based on the treaty. If the 
income is taxable in Hungary – which is generally the case if the income qualifies as interest or dividend 
under the treaty – then 15 per cent. Hungarian withholding tax applies but such tax rate may be reduced 
by the treaty. In the absence of a tax treaty generally any income realised on the Securities is subject to 
15 per cent. withholding tax in Hungary. Please note, however, that the Hungarian tax rules and taxation 
practice are rather ambiguous in relation to source taxation of non-residents' capital income.  
The tax on payments of certain income types are to be withheld by the Payor (kifizető) (as defined below). 
Pursuant to Act CL of 2017 on the Rules of Taxation ("ART") a "Payor" means a Hungarian resident 
legal person, organisation or private entrepreneur who provides taxable income, irrespective of whether 
such payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In respect of 
interest, "Payor" shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the investment 
service provider or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of a dividend, "Payor" 
means the entity paying the dividend from its assets. In respect of revenues originating from a transaction 
concluded with the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, "Payor" shall mean such stockbroker. The 
Hungarian permanent establishment of a foreign resident entity is also considered as a Payor.  
Interest, as defined by Schedule 7 of the ART (which implements the provisions of the Savings 
Directive), realised on Securities by citizens of any other Member State is not subject to Hungarian tax

--- Page 407 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
381 
 
where a paying agent based in Hungary provides data to the Hungarian state tax authority on the basis of 
Schedule 7 of the ART. 
Please note that the provisions of the applicable double tax conventions, if any, should be considered 
when assessing the Hungarian tax liabilities of a foreign resident individual holder. 
Withholding tax (foreign resident corporate holders) 
Proceeds from Securities paid to foreign resident corporate holders who do not have a permanent 
establishment in Hungary, by resident legal entities or other persons and any capital gains realised by 
such foreign resident holders on the sale of the Securities is not subject to tax in Hungary. 
The tax liability of a foreign resident corporate holder, which has a permanent establishment in Hungary 
is limited, in general, to the income from business activities realised through its Hungarian permanent 
establishment. 
Taxation of Hungarian resident individual holders 
The tax liability of Hungarian tax resident private individuals covers the worldwide income of such 
persons.  
According to the provisions of the Personal Income Tax Act, in the case of tax resident individual holders 
of Securities, interest, dividends and the capital gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or sale of 
publicly offered and publicly traded securities is subject to personal income tax at the rate of 15 per cent. 
Securities listed on a regulated market of a Member State are considered publicly offered and traded 
Securities. In addition, Government decree 205/2023 (v. 31.) entered into force on 1 July 2023, according 
to which the private person is liable to pay social contribution tax on any interest income (as specified 
under section 65 of the Personal Income Tax Act) as calculated on the basis of the personal income tax 
accrued on interest income, if the date of acquisition of the Securities on which the interest income is 
based is later than 30 June 2023. Consequently, the interest income generated on the Securities acquired 
by a Hungarian resident private individual after 30 June 2023 and taxable in Hungary is subject to social 
contribution tax at the rate of 13 per cent. 
The rules of the Personal Income Tax Act may in certain circumstances impose a requirement upon the 
"Payor" (kifizető) (as defined below) to withhold tax on the certain payments to individual holders.  
Pursuant to the ART the definition of a Payor covers a Hungarian resident legal person, other 
organisation, or private entrepreneur that (who) provides taxable income, irrespective of whether such 
payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In respect of interest, 
"Payor" shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the investment service 
provider or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of a dividend, "Payor" means 
the entity paying the dividend from its assets. In respect of revenues originating from a transaction 
concluded with the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, "Payor" shall mean such stockbroker. In 
respect of income that is earned in a foreign country and taxable in Hungary, "Payor" shall mean the 
"paying agent" (megbízott) (legal person, organisation or private entrepreneur) having tax residency in 
Hungary, except in cases where the role of a financial institution is limited to performing the bank transfer 
or payment.  
Taxation of Hungarian resident corporate holders 
Under Act LXXXI of 1996 on Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax, Hungarian resident taxpayers have a 
full, all-inclusive tax liability. In general, resident entities are those established under the laws of Hungary 
(i.e. having a Hungarian registered seat). Foreign persons having their place of management in Hungary 
are also considered as Hungarian resident taxpayers. 
In general, interest and capital gains realised by Hungarian resident corporate holders on Securities will 
be taxable in the same way as the regular income of the relevant holders. The general corporate tax rate 
in Hungary is flat 9 per cent. 
Financial institutions, financial enterprises, insurance companies and investment enterprises may be 
subject to local business tax and innovation tax on the basis of the proceeds realised on Securities.

--- Page 408 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
382 
 
 
IRISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish withholding tax and stamp duty tax consequences of 
ownership of the Securities. It is based on the laws and practice of the Revenue Commissioners currently 
in force in Ireland as at the date of this Base Prospectus and may be subject to change. The statements 
in this summary are based on the understanding that Securities will be treated as debt for Irish tax 
purposes. This summary applies to Holders who beneficially own Securities as an investment and who 
are not associated with the Issuers (otherwise than by virtue of holding the Securities). Particular rules 
not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Securities including dealers in 
Securities and trusts. This summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are 
of a general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any 
particular holder of Securities. Prospective investors in any Securities should consult their professional 
advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption, settlement or sale of Securities 
and the receipt of payments thereon under any laws applicable to them. 
Taxation of Holders 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest. The Issuer(s) will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax 
from payments of interest on any Securities so long as such payments do not constitute Irish 
source income. Interest paid on Securities should not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer(s) is/are resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer(s) has/have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or 
income of which is used to fund the payments on such Securities; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer(s) is/are not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for such 
Securities is maintained in Ireland or (if the Securities are in bearer form) the Securities 
are physically held in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that (i) none of the Issuer(s) are, or will be, resident in Ireland for tax purposes; 
(ii) none of the Issuer(s) will have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; and (iii) 
bearer Securities will not be physically located in Ireland and none of the Issuer(s) will maintain 
a register of any Registered Securities in Ireland. 
(b) 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 25 per 
cent.) on any interest, dividends or annual payments payable out of or in respect of the stocks, 
funds, shares or securities of a company not resident in Ireland, where such interest, dividends 
or annual payments are collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland. 
Encashment tax will not apply where the beneficial holder of the Securities (i) is not resident in 
Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank or 
(ii) is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the payment. 
(c) 
Stamp Duty on Transfer of Securities 
As the Issuer(s) will not be registered in Ireland, stamp duty will not arise on a document 
effecting a transfer of the Securities so long as (i) the Securities do not derive their value or the 
greater part of their value directly or indirectly from any immovable property situated in Ireland 
and (ii) the instrument of transfer of the Securities does not relate to: 
(i) 
any immovable property situated in Ireland or any right over or interest in such 
property; or 
(ii) 
any stocks or marketable securities of a company which is registered in Ireland (other 
than a company which is (i) an "investment undertaking" within the meaning of section

--- Page 409 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
383 
 
739B of the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 ("TCA") or (ii) a "qualifying company" 
within the meaning of Sections 110 of the TCA. 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The following is a summary of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of Securities. The 
statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be 
made on a retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or 
dispose of Securities and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories 
of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules.  
Prospective Holders are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax 
and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Securities, including in 
particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
In any case, Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same 
English term as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed 
by using the relevant Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English 
terms. 
Prospective tax changes 
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023 published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 ("Law 111") 
delegated the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its publication, one or more 
legislative decrees implementing a reform of the Italian tax legislation (the "Tax Reform"). 
According to Law 111, the Tax Reform is expected to significantly impact the tax regimes of financial 
instruments including bonds and debentures similar to bonds. 
The aim of the Tax Reform is, inter alia, to harmonize the tax treatment of financial instruments, by 
introducing a single category of financial income that includes both capital income and other income of 
a financial nature and allowing for the possibility of offsetting income and losses and carrying forward 
any excess losses to subsequent fiscal years. 
The nature, extent, and impact of these prospective changes cannot be foreseen and/or assessed with 
certainty at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
As a result, the information provided in this Base Prospectus may not be comprehensive and compliant 
with the future tax landscape. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should be aware that any potential changes to the tax regime of 
interest income and capital gains could potentially lead to an increased tax cost and, consequently, result 
in a lower return of their investment. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax 
consequences described above. 
Italian tax treatment of the Securities 
The Securities may be subject to different tax regimes depending on whether: 
(a) 
they represent a debt instrument implying a use of capital (impiego di capitale), through which 
the Holder transfers to the Issuer(s) a certain amount of capital, for the economic exploitation 
of the same, subject to the right to obtain a (partial or entire) reimbursement of such amount at 
maturity; or 
(b) 
they represent derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments, 
through which the Holders purchase indirectly underlying financial instruments.

--- Page 410 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
384 
 
 
Securities representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" 
Securities which provide for full reimbursement of the issue price (at maturity or settlement or upon early 
redemption) 
Italian-resident Holders 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, ("Decree No. 239") provides for 
the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes falling within the category 
of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) (i) issued, inter 
alia, by companies with shares listed on an EU or EEA regulated market or multilateral trading facility, 
or in case of issuers whose shares are not listed therein (ii) listed in the aforesaid EU or EEA regulated 
market or multilateral trading facility or (iii) held by "qualified investors" pursuant to Article 100 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998. 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds are defined as debentures that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not less than their principal amount (whether 
or not providing for interim payments) that do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in 
the management of the relevant Issuer(s) or of the business in relation to which they are issued nor any 
type of control on such management and that do not provide for a remuneration which is entirely linked 
to the profits of the issuer, or other companies belonging to the same group or to the business in respect 
of which the securities have been issued. 
Where an Italian resident Holder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the relevant Securities are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership pursuant to Article 5 of the 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 ("TUIR") (i.e. partnership other than a società in 
nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership), (iii) a non-commercial private 
or public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium 
and other income relating to Securities, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to tax, 
referred to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the rate of 26 per cent. All the above categories are qualified 
as "net recipients" (unless the Holders referred to under (i), (ii) and (iii) above have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Securities, to an authorised intermediary and have 
opted for the so called "risparmio gestito" regime according to Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 461 
of 21 November 1997, as amended ("Decree No. 461") – see "Capital Gains Tax" below). In the event 
that Holders described under (i), (ii) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the relevant Securities are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Securities if the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
Where an Italian resident Holder is a company or similar commercial entity pursuant to Article 73 of 
TUIR or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which Securities are effectively 
connected and such Securities are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other 
income from such Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
relevant Holder's income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation 
("IRES") and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Holder, also to the regional tax 
on productive activities ("IRAP"). 
Under the regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into Law No. 410 
of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 
and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, Italian real estate investment funds 
established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and 
supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate SICAFs (the 
"Real Estate Funds") are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands 
of the Real Estate Funds PROVIDED THAT the Securities are timely deposited directly or indirectly

--- Page 411 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
385 
 
with an authorised intermediary. A withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at the rate of up 
to 26 per cent. (the "Real Estate Fund Tax") on distributions made by a Real Estate Fund and, in certain 
cases, a tax transparency regime may apply in respect of certain categories of investors in a Real Estate 
Fund owning more than 5 per cent. of the Real Estate Fund's units or shares.  
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (other than a 
Real Estate Fund) a SICAF (an investment company with fixed share capital other than a Real Estate 
Fund) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital) established in Italy (the "Fund") and 
either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the 
relevant Securities are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income 
accrued during the holding period on such Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must 
be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such 
results but a withholding tax of 26 per cent., will apply, in certain circumstances to distributions made in 
favour of unitholders or shareholders (the "Collective Investment Fund Tax"). 
Where an Italian resident Holder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 of 
the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and Securities are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to such Securities and accrued during the 
holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax (the "Pension 
Fund Tax"). Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, interest, premium and other income may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per 
cent. substitute tax pursuant to Article 1 (92) of Financial Act 2017, if the Securities are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione mobiliare 
("SIMs"), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio ("SGRs"), stockbrokers and other 
entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an "Intermediary") as 
subsequently amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva must (i) be (a) resident in Italy or (b) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary or (c) an entity or a 
company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and 
directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed 
an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239; and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the 
collection of interest or in the transfer of Securities. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Securities includes any assignment or other act, either with or without 
consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Securities or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which such Securities are deposited. 
Where the Securities are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any entity paying interest to a Holder. If interest, premium and other income on the Securities 
are not collected through an Intermediary or any entity paying interest and as such no imposta sostitutiva 
is levied, the Italian resident beneficial owners qualified as "net recipient" will be required to include 
interest, premium and other income in their yearly income tax return and subject them to a final substitute 
tax at a rate of 26 per cent. 
Non-Italian Resident Holders 
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments of interest or premium relating to the Securities 
that qualify as obbligazioni or tioli similari alle obbligazioni to a non-Italian resident Holder not having 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Securities are affectively connected. 
If the Securities are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in case an Italian resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of 
interest or premium on such Securities, to ensure payment of interest or premium without application of 
Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Holder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or other 
intermediary a self-declaration stating that he/she is not resident in Italy for tax purposes.

--- Page 412 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
386 
 
 
Capital Gains Tax 
Capital Gains Tax – Italian Resident Holders 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Securities would be treated as part 
of the taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Holder, also as part 
of the net value of production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the relevant 
Securities are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the relevant Securities are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Holder is (i) an individual not holding Securities in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution any capital gain realised by such Holder from the sale, early redemption or redemption of such 
Securities would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Under some 
conditions and limitations, Holders may set off losses with gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the  Securities, if the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as subsequently 
amended and restated from time to time. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above may opt for one 
of the three regimes described below. 
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Holders 
under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative 
basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident Holders pursuant 
to all sales, early redemption or redemptions of the relevant Securities carried out during any given tax 
year. These Holders must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant 
incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any 
balance of income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward 
against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. As an alternative to the tax 
declaration regime, Italian resident individual Holders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the imposta 
sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale, early redemption or redemption of the 
relevant Securities (the "risparmio amministrato" regime provided for by Article 6 of the Decree No. 
461. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) Securities being deposited with 
Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries; and (ii) an express valid election for 
the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant Holder. The 
depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale, early redemption or redemption of Securities (as well as in respect of capital gains realised 
upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant 
amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from 
the proceeds to be credited to the Holder or using funds provided by the Holder for this purpose. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale, early redemption or redemption of Securities 
results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the 
same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under 
the risparmio amministrato regime, the Holder is not required to declare the capital gains in its annual 
tax return. Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian Holders under (i) to (iii) above who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including Securities, to an authorised intermediary 
and have validly opted for the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime (regime provided by Article 7 of 
Decree No. 461) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the 
managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed 
assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Holder is not required to 
declare the capital gains realised in its annual tax return.

--- Page 413 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
387 
 
Italian Real Estate Funds are not subject to any substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of 
the Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be 
subject, in certain circumstances, to the Real Estate Fund Tax; in certain cases, a tax transparency regime 
may apply in respect of certain categories of investors in a Real Estate Fund owning more than 5 per 
cent. of the Real Estate Fund's units or shares. 
Any capital gains realised by a Holder which is a Fund will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but 
the Collective Investment Fund Tax will apply under certain circumstances. 
Any capital gains realised by a Holder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. Subject 
to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains 
realised upon sale or redemption of the Securities may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per 
cent. substitute tax pursuant to Article 1 (92) of Financial Act 2017, if the Securities are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time. 
Capital Gains Tax – Non-Italian Resident Holders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders from the sale or redemption of Securities are not 
subject to Italian taxation, PROVIDED THAT the relevant Securities (i) are traded on regulated markets, 
or (ii) if not traded on regulated markets, are held outside Italy. 
Moreover, even if the Securities are held in Italy, no Italian imposta sostitutiva applies on any capital 
gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Securities if the non-Italian resident 
beneficial owner of the Securities with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Securities are 
effectively connected is resident for tax purposes in a State or territory which allows an adequate 
exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities and is listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree 
dated 4 September 1996 as amended and supplemented from time to time (last amendment being made 
by Italian Ministerial Decree dated 23 March 2017) (the "White List"). The same exemption applies 
where the beneficial owners of the Securities are (i) international entities or organisations established in 
accordance with international agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors 
established in countries included in the White List, even if they do not have the status of taxpayers in 
their own country of residence; or (iii) central banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State. Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Securities are effectively connected elect for the risparmio gestito or 
are subject to the risparmio amministrato, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon 
condition that they provide in time with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-
declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirement indicated above. Additional 
statements may be required for non-Italian resident Holders who are institutional investors. 
Non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Securities are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with the Republic of Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Securities are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of 
Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Securities. In such a case, in order to 
benefit from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident Holders who hold 
the Securities with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the risparmio 
gestito or are subject to the risparmio amministrato, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian 
authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a statement from the 
competent tax authorities of the country of residence. 
Please note that for a non-Italian resident, the risparmio amministrato shall automatically apply, unless 
it is expressly waived, where the Securities are deposited in custody or administration with an Italian 
resident authorised financial intermediary or permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy of a foreign 
intermediary.

--- Page 414 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
388 
 
 
Payments made by a non-resident guarantor 
With respect to payments made to Italian resident Holders by a non-Italian resident guarantor, in 
accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payment made by the Italian non-resident 
guarantor could be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment made by the Issuer(s) and would thus 
be subject to the tax regime described in the following paragraphs of this section. 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates issued by CGMHI will be guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor 
pursuant to the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee. Securities issued by CGMFL will be guaranteed by the 
CGMFL Guarantor pursuant to the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. Securities issued by Citigroup Inc will 
not be guaranteed by any entity. 
Securities which do not provide for full reimbursement of the issue price (at maturity or upon early 
redemption) 
Italian-resident Holders 
In case of Securities representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" do not guarantee the total 
reimbursement of the principal, under Italian tax law they should qualify as "atypical securities" (titoli 
atipici) pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 ("Decree No. 512") and payments in 
respect of such Securities received by Italian Holders would be subject to the following regime: 
(a) 
if the Securities are placed (collocati) in Italy, payments made to individual Holder holding the 
Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity will be subject to a 26 per cent. 
final withholding tax. This withholding tax is levied by the entrusted Italian resident bank or 
financial intermediary, if any, that is involved in the collection of payments on the Securities, 
in the repurchase or in the transfer of the Securities; 
(b) 
if the Securities are not placed (collocati) in Italy or in any case where payments on the 
Securities are not received through an entrusted Italian resident bank or financial intermediary 
(that is involved in the collection of payments on the Securities, in the repurchase or in the 
transfer thereof) and no withholding tax is levied, the individual beneficial owners will be 
required to declare the payments in their income tax return and subject them to a final substitute 
tax at a rate of 26 per cent. The Italian individual Holder may elect instead to pay ordinary 
IRPEF at the progressive rates applicable to them in respect of the payments; if so, the Holder 
should generally benefit from a tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Securities that are classified as atypical securities, if the Securities are included in 
a long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time. 
The 26 per cent. withholding tax does not apply to payments made to an Italian resident Holder which is 
(i) an Italian resident commercial partnership, (ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of a foreign entity to which the 
Securities are effectively connected) and (iii) a commercial private or public institution. In particular, in 
such cases, payments must be included in the relevant Holder's ordinary Italian taxable business taxation 
and the Holders are generally entitled to benefit from tax credit for any withholding tax applied outside 
Italy. 
Non-Italian Resident Holders 
No Italian withholding tax is applied on payments of interest or premium relating to the Securities issued 
by the issuer that qualify as "atypical securities" (titoli atipici) to a non-Italian resident Holder not having 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Securities are affectively connected. 
If the Securities are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in case an Italian resident

--- Page 415 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
389 
 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of 
interest or premium on such Securities, to ensure payment of interest or premium without application of 
Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Holder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or other 
intermediary a self-declaration stating that he/she is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Securities representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial 
instruments 
Italian-resident Holders 
Payments in respect of Securities qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments received by 
Italian investors (not engaged in a commercial activity (esercizio di attività commerciali) to which the 
Securities are connected) as well as capital gains realised by such Italian investors on any sale or transfer 
for consideration of the Securities or redemption or settlement thereof are subject to a 26 per cent. capital 
gain tax, which applies under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), the risparmio 
amministrato tax regime or the risparmio gestito tax regime according to the same rules described above 
under the section "Capital Gains Tax" above. 
Payments in respect of Securities qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments received by 
Italian investors which carry out commercial activities are not subject to the 26 per cent. capital gain tax, 
but are included in the relevant Holder's ordinary Italian taxable business taxation and the Holders are 
generally entitled to benefit from tax credit for any capital gain tax applied outside Italy. 
Non-Italian Resident Holders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Holders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Securities are effectively connected from the sale, redemption or settlement of Securities 
executed on regulated markets in Italy or abroad are not subject to Italian taxation, regardless of whether 
the Securities are held in Italy. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian taxation 
on capital gains, non-Italian resident Holders who hold the Securities with an Italian authorised ﬁnancial 
intermediary and elect to be subject to the risparmio amministrato tax regime or are subject to the 
risparmio gestito regime, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised ﬁnancial 
intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) that they are not resident in Italy for tax 
purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Securities are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Securities not executed on 
regulated markets issued by an Italian or non-Italian resident issuer may in certain circumstances be 
taxable in Italy, if the Securities are held in Italy. In that case, the tax regime applicable to Securities 
representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments is the same 
described above under the caption "Capital Gains Tax – Non-Italian Resident Holders". 
Securities that cannot be qualified as securitised derivative financial instruments, may qualify as "atypical 
securities" (titoli atipici), whose tax regime is described under section "Securities representing debt 
instruments implying a "use of capital" - Securities which do not provide for full reimbursement of the 
issue price (at maturity or settlement or upon early redemption)" above. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) 
as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, EUR1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, 
EUR100,000; and

--- Page 416 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
390 
 
 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, EUR1,500,000. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine), that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended 
and restated from time to time, are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Transfer Tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of EUR200; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to registration tax only in case of use (caso d'uso), explicit reference (enunciazione) or voluntary 
registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (the "Decree No. 201"), a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by 
financial intermediaries to their clients for the Securities deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a 
rate of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed EUR14,000, for taxpayers different from individuals; this stamp 
duty is determined on the basis of the market value or - if no market value figure is available - the nominal 
value or redemption or settlement amount of the Securities held. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2021) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial 
or insurance activity within the Italian territory. The communication is deemed to be sent to the customers 
at least once a year, even for instruments for which it is not mandatory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201, Italian resident individuals holding the Securities outside 
the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.2 per cent. ("IVAFE"). Starting 
from 2020, Law No. 160 of 27 December 2019 has provided for the extension of the application scope 
of IVAFE to Italian resident non-commercial entities, simple partnership and equivalent entities, in 
addition to Italian resident individuals. The IVAFE rate is increased to 0.40 per cent. in case of financial 
products held in states or territories listed as having a privileged tax regime under Ministerial Decree of 
4 May 1999. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Securities at the end of the relevant year or, if no market 
value figure is available, the nominal value or the redemption or settlement value of such Securities held 
outside the Italian territory or where the nominal or redemption or settlement values cannot be 
determined, on the purchase value of the Securities. The maximum wealth tax amount due is set at 
EUR14,000 per year for taxpayers other than individuals. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit 
equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an 
amount equal to the IVAFE due). The financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the 
wealth tax if administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Italian resident individuals (and certain other entities) are required to report in their yearly income tax 
return, according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted into law by Law No. 227 of 4 
August 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of Securities held 
abroad (or beneficially owned abroad under Italian anti-money laundering provisions). This also applies 
in the case that at the end of the tax year, Securities are no longer held by the above Italian resident 
individuals and entities. 
However, the above reporting obligation is not required with respect to Securities deposited for 
management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries and with respect to contracts entered into

--- Page 417 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
391 
 
through their intervention, PROVIDED THAT the same intermediaries apply a withholding tax or 
imposta sostitutiva on any income derived from the Securities. 
Financial Transaction Tax ("FTT") depending on the features of the Securities 
Pursuant to Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, a FTT applies to (a) transfer of ownership of shares and 
other participating securities issued by Italian resident companies or of financial instruments representing 
the just mentioned shares and/or participating securities (irrespective of whether issued by Italian resident 
issuers or not) (the "Relevant Securities"), (b) transactions on financial derivatives (i) the main 
underlying assets of which are the Relevant Securities, or (ii) whose value depends mainly on one or 
more Relevant Securities, as well as to (c) any transaction on certain securities (i) which allow to mainly 
purchase or sell one or more Relevant Securities or (ii) implying a cash payment determined with main 
reference to one or more Relevant Securities. 
Securities could be included in the scope of application of the FTT if they meet the requirements set out 
above. On the other hand, Securities falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are not included in the scope of the FTT. 
The FTT on derivative instruments is levied at a fixed amount that varies depending on the nature of the 
relevant instrument and the notional value of the transaction, and ranges between Euro 0.01875 and Euro 
200 per transaction. The amount of FTT payable is reduced to 1/5 of the standard rate in case the 
transaction is performed on regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities of certain EU and EEA 
member States. The FTT on derivatives is due by each of the parties to the transactions. FTT exemptions 
and exclusions are provided for certain transactions and entities. 
The FTT is levied and paid by the subject (generally a financial intermediary) that is involved, in any 
way, in the execution of the transaction. Intermediaries which are not resident in Italy but are liable to 
apply the FTT can appoint an Italian tax representative for the purposes of the FTT. If no intermediary 
is involved in the execution of the transaction, the FTT must be paid by the taxpayers. Investors are 
advised to consult their own tax advisers also on the possible impact of the FTT. 
NORWEGIAN TAXATION 
Below is a summary of certain Norwegian tax considerations related to the purchase, holding and 
disposal of the Securities. The summary regarding Norwegian taxation is based on Norwegian laws, 
rules and regulations as they exist in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Such laws, rules and 
regulations may be subject to changes after this date possibly on a retroactive basis. The summary does 
not address tax issues in other jurisdictions than Norway. 
The following summary is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the Norwegian tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to acquire, own or dispose 
of Securities. Specific tax consequences may occur for different categories of holders, e.g. if the holder 
ceases to be tax resident in Norway etc. 
Norwegian tax legislation does not currently include statutory legislation relating specifically to 
Securities. Instead, the tax treatment must be derived from general tax rules and principles applicable to 
capital income and capital gains. Norwegian tax law is to a large extent based on the substance-over-
form principle. If the applicable Issue Terms includes conditions which are common to equity instruments 
and the relevant Securities, after an overall assessment, have characteristics closer to equity instruments 
rather than debt, the economic reality might overrule the formalities for income tax purposes. Thus the 
applicable Issue Terms may cause the taxation of the relevant Securities to depart from the tax treatment 
described in this summary. In the following, it is assumed that the Securities do not qualify as equity 
instruments for income tax purposes. 
The summary is solely related to holders of Securities who are resident in Norway for tax purposes 
("Norwegian holders"). However, companies incorporated and resident abroad are liable to tax in 
Norway on distribution and gains from Securities in the same manner as Norwegian resident companies, 
to the extent the Securities are effectively connected to a business carried out in or managed from 
Norway. 
Due to the general nature of this summary, potential investors are advised to consult with and rely on 
their own tax advisers.

--- Page 418 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
392 
 
 
Taxation on Distribution to the holder 
Norwegian holders, both physical persons and corporations, are liable to tax in Norway on payments in 
respect of interest or similar payments on Securities classified as debentures for Norwegian tax purposes. 
The tax rate is currently 22 per cent.. Return on the Securities is taxed on accrual basis, i.e. regardless of 
when the return is actually paid. 
If a Security is repaid with a higher amount than the price at which it was issued (discounted bond), the 
excess amount shall be a part of the computation of the gain or loss when the Security is sold or redeemed.  
Taxation on sale and redemption or settlement of Securities 
Norwegian holders, both physical persons and corporations, are taxable in Norway in respect of capital 
gains on the sale and redemption or settlement of Securities and have a corresponding right to deduct 
losses that arise from such redemption or settlement or realisation. The tax liability applies irrespective 
of how long the Securities have been owned and the number of Securities that have been redeemed or 
realised. 
Any capital gain or loss is computed as the difference between the amount received by the holder on 
realisation and the cost price for the Securities. The cost price is equal to the price for which the holder 
acquired the Securities. Costs incurred in connection with the acquisition, redemption or settlement or 
realisation of the Security may be deducted from the Norwegian holder's taxable ordinary income in the 
year of redemption, settlement or realisation. 
Gains are taxable as ordinary income in the year of sale, redemption or settlement, and losses can be 
deducted from ordinary income in the year of sale, redemption or settlement. The tax rate for ordinary 
income is currently 22 per cent.. 
Norwegian Withholding tax 
New rules regarding withholding tax on interest payments were introduced with effect from 1 July 2021. 
The rules imply that withholding tax will be applied on interest payments from entities with full or limited 
tax liability to Norway, to recipients being a related party to the payor and being tax resident in a low-
tax jurisdiction. 
Norwegian withholding tax should not apply to payments in respect of interest or similar payments on 
Securities or on capital gains on sale, redemption or settlement of Securities, as the Issuer is not an entity 
with full or limited tax liability to Norway. 
Net wealth tax 
Norwegian holders organised as limited liability companies and similar entities are not subject to net 
wealth taxation in Norway. 
Norwegian holders that are natural persons are subject to net wealth taxation in Norway. Securities are 
included as part of the taxable base for this purpose. The value for assessment purposes for listed 
securities is the quoted value on 1 January in the year of assessment. Unlisted securities are generally 
valued at their estimated value on 1 January in the assessment year. The maximum aggregate rate of net 
wealth tax (both state and municipality net wealth tax) is currently 1 per cent of net wealth exceeding 
NOK1,700,000. For net wealth exceeding NOK20,000,000, the marginal net wealth tax rate is 1.1 per 
cent. 
Stamp duty 
There is no stamp duty or other charges in Norway on the purchase, redemption, settlement or realisation 
of Securities. 
Foreign taxes 
Income taxes or capital gains taxes payable by Norwegian holders in other jurisdictions, or withholding 
tax payable on redemption or settlement amounts in respect of the Securities, may be deducted when 
calculating the Norwegian tax payable on the same income. The deduction is limited, however, to the

--- Page 419 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
393 
 
corresponding amount of Norwegian tax applicable. The right for both Norwegian and other jurisdictions 
to tax Norwegian holders directly or through the application of withholding taxes may be limited by an 
applicable tax treaty. 
Inheritance tax 
Norway does not currently impose inheritance tax or similar tax on inheritance or gifts. However, an heir 
who has inherited Securities will acquire the donor's tax input value of the Securities based on principles 
of continuity and will be liable to pay tax on any increase in value of the Securities at the time of the 
heir's realisation of the Securities. 
POLISH TAXATION 
General Information 
The following is a discussion of certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor resident in 
Poland or which is otherwise subject to Polish taxation. This statement should not be deemed to be tax 
advice. It is based on Polish tax laws and, as its interpretation refers to the position as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, it may thus be subject to change, including a change with retroactive effect. Any change 
may negatively affect the tax treatment, as described below. This description does not purport to be 
complete with respect to all tax information that may be relevant to investors due to their individual 
circumstances. Prospective purchasers of Securities are advised to consult their professional tax advisor 
regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposal, redemption, settlement or transfer 
without consideration of Securities. 
The reference to "interest" as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means "interest" or 
any other term, respectively, as understood in Polish tax law. 
For the purpose of this Section: 
"Affiliated Entities" shall mean: 
(i) 
entities of which one entity Exercises a Significant Influence on at least one other entity; or 
(ii) 
entities on which a Significant Influence is Exercised by:  
(A) 
the same other entity; or  
(B) 
the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or affinity up to the second degree of a natural 
person exercising a significant influence on at least one entity; or 
(iii) 
a partnership without legal personality and its partners ("partner"); or 
(iv) 
limited partnerships and limited joint-stock partnership with their registered office or 
management in the territory of the Republic of Poland and its general partner; or 
(v) 
specific general partnerships with their registered office or management in the territory of the 
Republic of Poland and its partner; or 
(vi) 
a taxable person and their foreign establishment, and in the case of a tax capital group - a 
company being its part and its foreign establishment. 
(each of being a manifestation of an existence of an "Affiliation") 
"Exercising a Significant Influence" shall mean: 
(i) 
holding directly or indirectly at least 25 per cent. of: 
(A) 
shares in the capital; or 
(B) 
voting rights in the supervisory, decision-making or managing bodies; or

--- Page 420 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
394 
 
 
(C) 
shares in or rights to participate in the profits, losses or the property or their expectative, 
including participation units and investment certificates; or 
(ii) 
the actual ability of a natural person to influence key economic decisions taken by a legal person 
or an organisational unit without legal personality; or 
(iii) 
being the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or by affinity up to the second degree. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident individual 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the "PIT Act"), natural persons, if 
residing in the Republic of Poland, are liable for tax on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the 
location of the sources of revenue (unlimited obligation to pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has their centre 
of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 days in a 
year, unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
Interest income and income from the issuer's redemption or settlement of Securities on which periodic 
benefits are due 
Under Art. 30a.1.2 and Art. 30a.1.2a of the PIT Act interest income and income from the issuer's 
redemption or settlement of Securities on which periodic benefits are due is subject to a 19 per cent. flat 
rate tax. 
According to Article 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income, including discount, from Securities and 
income from the issuer's redemption or settlement of Securities which periodic benefits are due derived 
by a Polish tax resident individual does not cumulate with general income subject to the progressive tax 
rate but under Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act is subject to tax at a flat rate of 19 per cent.. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which 
have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher 
than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Particular 
double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Under Article 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting within the scope 
of their business activity, is obliged to collect flat-rate income tax on payments made (benefits) or on the 
money or money equivalents made available to the taxpayer.  
Under Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for individuals, acting as tax 
remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income (revenue) has been earned in 
Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest payment to the 
individual (the taxpayer) is made through said entities. These rules should also apply to the entities 
indicated in Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act (non-residents), to the extent they conduct their business activity 
through a foreign establishment located within the territory of Poland, if the account on which given 
securities are recorded is connected with the activity of that establishment. Consequently, foreign entities 
that do not operate through a Polish permanent establishment, e.g. foreign investment firms, not acting 
through Polish permanent establishments, should not be obliged to withhold the tax.  
There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned (revenue) by a Polish tax resident should 
be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland. However, we can expect those cases to be analogous 
to those of non-residents. Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic 
of Poland by non-residents shall include in particular income (revenues) from:  
1. 
work performed in the Republic of Poland based on a service relationship, employment 
relationship, outwork system and co-operative employment relationship irrespective of the place 
where remuneration is paid; 
2. 
activity performed in person in the Republic of Poland irrespective of the place where 
remuneration is paid;

--- Page 421 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
395 
 
3. 
economic activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign establishment 
located in the Republic of Poland; 
4. 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including from 
its disposal in whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to such property; 
5. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of 
Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the 
disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
5.1 
redemption, settlement, repurchase, buy-out and otherwise annihilation of participation 
titles in capital funds established on the basis of the provisions in force in the Republic 
of Poland and sale of these participation titles for a fee; 
6. 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a collective investment 
undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights, if at least 50 
per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties;  
7. 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in a 
real estate company (as defined in the PIT Act); 
8. 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the 
place of concluding and performing the agreement and the income (revenue) referred to in this 
point is considered to be the revenue listed in Art. 29.1 of the PIT Act, if they do not constitute 
income (revenue) referred to in points (i)-(vii) above; Art. 29.1 of the PIT Act lists, among 
others, interest income other than those mentioned in Art. 30a.1 of the PIT Act (which, in turn, 
refers to interest and discount on securities and income from the issuer's redemption or 
settlement of securities on which periodic benefits are due); and 
9. 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that income (revenues) 
not listed above is sourced in Poland.  
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax 
resident individual from the Securities is considered to be income sourced in Poland and whether the 
entity operating the securities account for the individual will withhold the tax. Since the relevant Issuer 
is not a Polish entity, as a rule, interest from the Securities should not be considered as earned in the 
territory of Poland, unless specific situation occurs (e.g. the Securities are admitted to public trading in 
Poland). 
It should not be expected that the relevant Issuer will collect the withholding tax.  
According to Article 45.3b and Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual is 
obliged to settle the tax themselves in their annual tax return. Under Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, the annual 
tax return should be submitted by 30 April of the following year. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Polish omnibus accounts (within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, hereinafter "Omnibus 
Accounts"). Under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act, insofar as securities registered in Omnibus Accounts are 
concerned, the entities operating Omnibus Accounts through which the amounts due are paid are liable 
to withhold the flat-rate income tax on interest income. The tax is charged on the day of placing the 
amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder. This rule also applies to remitters who are 
payers of corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct 
their business through a foreign establishment and it is to that establishment's operations that the 
securities account is linked.

--- Page 422 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
396 
 
 
Additionally, under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred 
to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities (including the Securities referred to herein) registered 
in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act 
on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under Art. 
41.10 of the PIT Act the entity operating the Omnibus Account) from the aggregate income (revenue) 
released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. These rules should 
also apply to the entities indicated in Art. 3.2. of the CIT Act to the extent that they conduct business 
activity through a foreign establishment located within the territory of Poland, if the account on which 
given securities are recorded is connected with the activity of that establishment. Consequently, foreign 
entities that do not operate through a Polish permanent establishment, e.g. foreign investment firms not 
acting through Polish permanent establishments, should not be obliged to withhold the tax. 
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest (discount) on 
securities (including the Securities referred to herein) in the annual tax return if the Securities were 
registered in Omnibus Account and the taxpayer's identity was not revealed to the tax remitter. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which 
have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher 
than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double tax 
treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Income from the Securities other than interest  
Income other than interest, including income from transfer of Securities against a consideration, derived 
by a Polish tax resident individual from financial instruments, such as the Securities, held as non-business 
assets, qualify as capital gains according to Article 17 of the PIT Act. Such income does not cumulate 
with the general income subject to the progressive tax scale but is subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate tax. 
Under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act the income from disposal of securities is calculated as the difference 
between the sum of revenues from a transfer of securities against a consideration and tax deductible 
costs, calculated on the basis of the relevant provisions of the PIT Act  under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act. 
Based on Art. 17.2 and Art. 19.1 of the PIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract without a valid 
reason significantly deviates from the market value, the amount of income is determined by the tax 
authority or fiscal control authority in the amount of the market value. 
The taxpayer itself is obliged to settle the tax on the transfer of securities (including the Securities) 
against a consideration. Taxpayers should prepare their annual tax return by the end of April of the year 
following the tax year in which the income was earned. No tax or tax advances are withheld by the person 
making the payments. 
Furthermore, capital gains are subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus of various 
incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled by the individuals 
themselves. 
In principal, if an individual holds the Securities as a business asset, in principle, in accordance with art. 
30b.3 of the PIT Act the income should be taxed, the same way as other business income. This will either 
be tax, at 19 per cent. rate or the 12 per cent. to 32 per cent. progressive tax rate depending upon the 
choice and the meeting of certain conditions, should be settled by the individuals themselves. 
Furthermore, business income is subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus of 
various incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled by the individuals 
themselves. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer  
Under Art. 3.1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the "CIT Act") the entire 
income of taxpayers who have their registered office or management in Poland is subject to tax obligation 
in Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned. 
According to Art. 3.1a of the CIT Act, a taxpayer has a place of management in the territory of the 
Republic of Poland, inter alia, when the current affairs of this taxpayer are conducted in an organised and 
continuous manner on the territory of the Republic of Poland, based in particular on:

--- Page 423 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
397 
 
(i) 
an agreement, decision, court ruling or other act regulating the establishment or functioning of 
the taxpayer; or 
(ii) 
powers of attorney; or 
(iii) 
Affiliations. 
Income (revenue) from the Securities, both on account of interest/discount and other income, including 
transfer of securities against a consideration, earned by a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer 
whose entire income is subject to tax liability in Poland, is subject to income tax following the same 
general principles as those which apply to any other income received from business activity within the 
same source of income. As a rule, for Polish income tax purposes, interest is recognised as revenue on a 
cash basis, i.e. when it is received and not when it has accrued. Income from a transfer of securities 
against a consideration is in principle their value expressed in the price specified in the contract. 
According to Art. 14 of the CIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract, without a valid reason, 
significantly deviates from the market value, the revenue amount is determined by the tax authority in 
the amount of the market value. In the case of income from the transfer of securities against a 
consideration, tax deductible costs are generally recognised when the corresponding revenue has been 
achieved. The taxpayer itself (without the remitter's participation) settles income tax on interest/discount 
and on the transfer of securities against a consideration, which is settled along with other income from 
the taxpayer's business activity within the same source of income. 
Regarding the proper source of revenue, in principle, the income (revenue) from the Securities, including 
their transfer against a consideration, is combined with revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.1 of the CIT 
Act). In the case of insurers, banks and some other entities (financial institutions), this revenue is included 
in revenues other than revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b (2) of the CIT Act). 
The appropriate tax rate is the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, i.e. 19 per cent. for a 
regular corporate income taxpayer or 9 per cent. for small and new taxpayers, i.e. taxpayers with revenues 
in the tax year not exceeding EUR 2 million (with certain exceptions listed in Art. 19.1a-1e of the CIT 
Act), taking into consideration the appropriate source of income (the lower rate does not apply to incomes 
classified as capital incomes – Art. 7b of the CIT Act). 
Although, Polish corporate income taxpayers should not be subject to Polish withholding tax, such tax 
may be withheld, under specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in Omnibus 
Accounts, under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers 
holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed 
to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat-rate 
tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all 
such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. If such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident 
corporate income taxpayer, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any tax 
treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax calculated 
in accordance with the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double 
tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Securities held by a non-Polish tax resident (natural person or corporation) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay tax only 
on income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax).  
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or 
management in Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland. 
Non-Polish residents are subject to Polish income tax only with respect to their income earned in Poland. 
Under Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall 
include in particular income (revenues) from: 
1. 
all types of activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign establishment 
located in the Republic of Poland;

--- Page 424 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
398 
 
 
2. 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including from 
its disposal in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
3. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of 
Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the 
disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
4. 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, participation in an investment fund or a collective investment 
undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights, if at least 50 
per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
5. 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in a 
real estate company (as defined in the CIT Act); 
6. 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the 
place of concluding or performing the agreement; and 
7. 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act. 
It should be noted that the list of incomes (revenues) gained in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of the CIT 
Act and Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may also be 
considered as earned in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax 
resident from the Securities is considered to be income sourced in Poland. However, since the Issuer(s) 
is/are not a Polish entity, income from the Securities should not be considered as earned in Poland 
and no Polish withholding tax should apply, unless specific circumstances occur, e.g. the Securities 
are admitted to public trading in Poland. 
If income from the Securities is considered as sourced in Poland, the following applies: 
Special Exemption for interest obtained by non-Polish tax residents on Securities meeting special 
conditions and the Remittance Exemption 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 17.1.50c of the CIT Act, tax-free income is income earned by a CIT taxpayer subject to 
limited tax liability in Poland in respect of interest or a discount on securities: 
(i) 
having a term of at least one year; and 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced into an alternative trading system within 
the meaning of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments, in the territory of 
Poland or in the territory of a state that is a party to a double tax convention concluded with 
Poland which regulates the taxation of income from dividends, interest and royalties; 
unless the taxpayer is an Affiliated Entity, within the meaning of the transfer pricing law, of the Issuer(s) 
of such securities, and holds, directly or indirectly, together with other Affiliated Entities, more than 10 
per cent. of the nominal value of those securities (the "Special Exemption"). 
Under Art. 26.1aa and 1ae of the CIT Act, remitters are not obliged to withhold tax on interest or discount 
in respect of the securities eligible for Special Exemption, provided that the issuer submits to the tax 
authority a declaration that it has acted with due diligence in informing Affiliated Entities (excluding 
entities whose Affiliations result solely from connections with the State Treasury (Skarb Państwa) or

--- Page 425 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
399 
 
local government units or their associations), about the exemption conditions applying to those Affiliated 
Entities (the "Remittance Exemption").  
According to Art. 26.1af of the CIT Act, the declaration referred to above is submitted once in relation 
to a given Securities issue, no later than the date of payment of interest or discount on these securities. 
At the payer's request, the issuer is obliged to confirm its submission (Art. 26.1ag of the CIT Act). 
The declaration is submitted in electronic form corresponding to the logical structure available in the 
Public Information Bulletin on the website of the office serving the minister responsible for public 
finances (Art. 26.7j of the CIT Act) 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax (Art. 21.1.130c and Art. 41.24-27 of the PIT Act) 
with certain differences. 
From 1 January 2024, besides interest (discount) and income from disposal of securities for remuneration, 
a new category of income has been introduced: income from the issuer's redemption or settlement of 
securities on which periodic benefits are due (Art. 17.1.3a) of the PIT Act). However, the scope of the 
exemption for non-residents, referred to above (Art. 21.1.130c of the PIT Act, which is analogous to the 
exemption under Art. 17.1.50c of the CIT Act) has not been amended. Therefore, it is reasonable to 
assume that the exemption under Art. 21.1.130c of the PIT Act does not cover income from the issuer's 
redemption or settlement of securities on which periodic benefits are due. This income is calculated as 
the difference between the amount obtained from the redemption or settlement of securities together with 
the benefits obtained for the last period before the redemption or settlement of these securities and the 
expenses incurred for acquiring or purchasing these securities on the primary or secondary market by the 
taxpayer or the testator (excluding expenses on acquisition of benefits that are not taxable) (Art. 24.24 of 
the PIT Act). 
Also, the Remittance Exemption under PIT regulations is limited from 1 January 2024, because the tax 
remitters being entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus Accounts are obliged to withhold tax 
with respect to income (revenue) obtained by Polish tax resident natural persons (Art. 41.24 in fine of 
the PIT Act). These remitters include entities being Polish tax residents as well as non-Polish tax residents 
conducting business activities through a foreign establishment located in the territory of the Republic of 
Poland, if the account on which the securities are recorded is related to the activities of this establishment 
(Art. 41.4d and 41.10 of the PIT Act). 
It must be noted that under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose 
identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial 
Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income 
(revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. 
Therefore, if the entities operating Omnibus Accounts acting as tax remitters are not able to identify the 
natural person i.e. whether it is or not tax resident in Poland, they may withhold tax at full rate on income 
from notes that would otherwise be eligible for the Special Exemption. 
Failure to meet the conditions for the Special Exemption 
In the absence of the Special Exemption referred to above, the following rules apply. 
In the case of taxpayers subject to limited tax liability in Poland, the interest (discount) on the Securities 
earned in the Polish territory is taxed as a general rule at a flat rate of 20 per cent. in the case of corporate 
income tax payers (Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act) or 19 per cent. in the case of natural persons (Art. 30a.1.2 
of the PIT Act).  
Under Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act, interest payers, other than individuals not acting within the scope of their 
business activity, are obliged, as tax remitters, to collect, lumpsum income tax on those payments on the 
day they are made. When verifying the conditions for the application of a withholding tax rate, exemption 
or the conditions for the non-collection of tax resulting from special provisions or double tax treaties, the 
remitter must exercise due diligence. When assessing the exercise of due diligence, the nature and scale

--- Page 426 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
400 
 
 
of activity conducted by the remitter as well as its Affiliation with the taxpayer must be taken into 
account. Similar provisions are provided in Art. 41.4-4aa of the PIT Act. 
Under Art. 26.2c.1 of the CIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus Accounts for 
taxpayers, acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income (revenue) 
was earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest 
payment to the taxpayer is made through said entities. Although it is considered that foreign entities do 
not act as Polish tax remitters, according to the discussed provision, this obligation applies to non-
residents to the extent they operate a permanent establishment in Poland and the account, on which 
securities are registered, is linked to the activity of this permanent establishment. Similar provisions 
concerning interest payments to individuals are provided in Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act.  
The described rules of taxation may be modified by the relevant provisions of double tax treaties 
concluded by Poland, based on which a reduced tax rate or income tax exemption may apply to income 
(revenue) obtained from interest/discount (Art. 21.2 of the CIT Act, Art. 30a.2 of the PIT Act). To benefit 
from the tax rate or income tax exemption under the tax treaty, the taxpayer should present a valid 
certificate of its tax residence. As a rule, the tax residence certificate is considered valid for twelve 
consecutive months from its date of issue. Tax remitters may require additional documentation in order 
to be able to apply double tax treaty benefits described above, such as the confirmation of the recipient's 
beneficial owner status towards the interest payments. 
Moreover, tax treaties provide protection only for beneficial owners. Pursuant to Art. 4a.29 of the CIT 
Act and, respectively, Art. 5a.33d of the PIT Act, "beneficial owner" means an entity meeting all of the 
following conditions: 
(a) 
it receives the amount due for its own benefit, which includes deciding independently about its 
purpose, and bears the economic risk associated with the loss of that receivable or part of it; 
(b) 
it is not an intermediary, representative, trustee, or another entity legally or actually obliged to 
transfer the receivable in whole or in part to another entity; and 
(c) 
it conducts actual business activity in the country of its registration (country of domiciliation in 
case of the PIT Act), if the receivables are obtained in connection with the conducted business 
activity, whereas when assessing whether the entity conducts actual business activity, the nature 
and scale of such activity in the scope of received receivables are taken into account. 
Although the definition of the beneficial owner does not refer to and Art. 24a.18 of the CIT Act and Art. 
30f. 20 of the PIT Act those are the only places in the income tax legislation where actual business 
activity is defined. Therefore, it cannot be ruled out that factors listed there will be taken into account by 
the tax authorities in determining beneficial ownership status. Those factors include: 
(i) 
the business activity carried out by the taxpayer is performed through an existing enterprise that 
actually performs activities constituting an economic activity; in particular, it possesses 
premises, qualified personnel and equipment used for performing business activity; 
(ii) 
the taxpayer does not create artificial arrangement without a connection with any business 
activity; 
(iii) 
the taxpayer's actual premises, its personnel or equipment correspond to the scope of its actual 
business activity; 
(iv) 
the agreements concluded by the taxpayer are realistic in economic terms, they have economic 
justification and they are not noticeably contrary to the general business interest of the taxpayer; 
and 
(v) 
the taxpayer carries out its business functions independently, using its own resources, including 
managers who are present in the country of taxpayer's tax residency.  
The majority of double tax treaties concluded by Poland provide for an exemption from income tax on 
capital gains, including income from the sale of securities obtained in Poland by a tax resident of a given 
country. The interest treatment differs under particular double tax treaties, some of them providing for

--- Page 427 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
401 
 
general exemption, limiting the exemption to certain categories of recipients or providing for a reduced 
rate of tax (which may also vary depending on the recipient). 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts. Also, in cases 
where Polish withholding tax should not apply on interest payable to non-Polish tax residents (natural 
persons or corporate income taxpayers), under specific rules applicable to interest income on securities 
held in Omnibus Accounts there is a risk that such tax would be withheld. Under Art. 26.2a of the CIT 
Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to 
securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in 
accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by 
the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through 
the Omnibus Account holder. Under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from 
interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts 
whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in 
Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate 
income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. If 
such tax is withheld for non-Polish tax resident taxpayers, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity 
should contact its tax advisor. 
If a person or an entity subject to limited tax liability in Poland acts through a foreign establishment in 
Poland to which income is related, as a matter of principle provisions of law should apply that are 
analogous to taxpayers subject to unlimited tax liability in Poland, with some necessary additional 
requirements (e.g. the requirement to present the interest payer with a certificate of tax residence along 
with a declaration that the interest is related to the establishment's activities). 
Pay & Refund 
In addition to the rules set out above, in the event of failure to meet the conditions for a special exemption, 
the following regime applies. 
(a) 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act, if the total amount paid out between Affiliated Entities on 
account of the items listed in Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act (including interest / discount on 
securities) and Art. 22.1 of the CIT Act to the same taxpayer exceeds PLN2,000,000 in the tax 
year of the payer, payers are, as a general rule, required to withhold, on the day of payment, a 
flat-rate income tax at the basic rate (20 per cent. in the case of interest/discount on securities) 
from the excess over that amount, without being able not to withhold that tax on the basis of an 
appropriate double tax treaty, and also without taking into account exemptions or rates resulting 
from special regulations or double tax treaties (hereinafter the "Pay & Refund"). 
Under Art. 26.2i and 26.2j of the CIT Act, if the payer's tax year is longer or shorter than 12 
months, the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies is calculated by multiplying 1/12 of 
PLN2,000,000 and the number of months that have begun in the tax year in which the payment 
was made; if the calculation of that amount is not possible by reference to the payer's tax year, 
the Pay & Refund shall apply accordingly to the payer's current financial year and, in its absence, 
with respect to the payer's other period with features specific to the financial year, not longer 
however than 23 consecutive months. 
Based on Art. 26.2ca of the CIT Act, the entities making payments through securities accounts 
or Omnibus Accounts are obliged to provide the entities maintaining these accounts, at least 7 
days before the payment is made, with information about the existence of Affiliations between 
them and the taxpayer and about exceeding the amount of PLN2,000,000. Entities providing 
this information are required to update it before making the payment in the event of a change in 
the circumstances covered by the information. In addition, in accordance with Art. 26.2ed of 
the CIT Act, in the circumstances referred to in section 2c, the excess amount and the existence 
of Affiliations will be determined by the entity keeping securities accounts or Omnibus Account. 
The entity keeping securities accounts or omnibus accounts does not take into consideration the 
amounts of payments on which tax was collected in accordance with Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act.

--- Page 428 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
402 
 
 
Under Art. 26.2k of the CIT Act, if the payment was made in a foreign currency, to determine 
whether the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies was exceeded, the amounts paid are 
converted into PLN at the average exchange rate published by the National Bank of Poland on 
the last business day preceding the payment day. 
Under Art. 26.2l of the CIT Act, if it is not possible to determine the amount paid to the same 
taxpayer, it is presumed that it exceeded the amount from which the Pay & Refund applies.  
Under Art. 26.7a of the CIT Act, the Pay & Refund does not apply if the payer has declared 
that: 
(a) 
it holds the documents required by the tax law for the application of the tax rate or tax 
exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties; 
(b) 
after the verification of the conditions to apply an exemption or reduced withholding 
tax rate resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties, it is not aware of any 
grounds for the assumption that there are circumstances that exclude the possibility of 
applying the tax rate or tax exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or 
double tax treaties, in particular it is not aware of the existence of circumstances 
preventing the fulfilment of certain conditions referred to in other regulations, 
including the fact that the interest/discount recipient is their beneficial owner and, if 
the interest/discount is obtained in connection with the business activity conducted by 
the taxpayer, that in the country of tax residence the taxpayer carries on the actual 
business activity. 
The above is to be declared by the head of the unit within the meaning of the Accounting Act 
or a designated member of such head being a collegiate body (e.g. the Issuer's management 
board). The declaration cannot be made by proxy. The declaration is to be made by in electronic 
form not later than on the last day of the second month following the month in which the 
threshold specified above was exceeded, however, the performance of this obligation after the 
payment is made does not release the payer from the obligation to exercise due diligence before 
the payment is made. (Art. 26.7b and 26.7c of the CIT Act). 
In the case of withholding tax being a result of the Pay & Refund, if double tax treaties or special 
regulations provide for a tax exemption or reduced tax rate, the taxpayer or tax remitter (if the 
taxpayer has paid tax with its own funds and has borne the economic burden of such tax, e.g. as 
a result of a gross-up clause) may apply for a refund of that tax by submitting the relevant 
documents and declarations. When recognizing that the refund is justified, the tax authorities 
shall carry it out within six months. 
Pay & Refund does not apply in the case of the special exemption applicable to Securities 
meeting certain conditions referred to in the section "For the Remittance Exemption" above. 
Pursuant to the Regulation of the Minister of Finance dated 28 December 2022 regarding the 
exclusion of the obligation to collect flat-rate corporate income tax (the "Regulation"), in 
respect of securities held on securities accounts or Omnibus Accounts, until 31 December 2024 
the application of the Pay & Refund regime is excluded to interest payable to taxpayers having 
their registered office or management outside the territory of the Republic of Poland. 
(b) 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act which 
provides for an analogous Pay & Refund, while the Regulation of the Minister of Finance of 28 
December 2022 regarding the exclusion of the obligation to collect flat-rate personal income 
tax is the equivalent of the Regulation. It should be noted, however, that the scope of the 
Remittance Exemption under PIT is different than under CIT. 
(c) 
Withholding taxation of certain payments made to tax havens 
Based on Art. 26.1m of the CIT Act, if a tax remitter makes a payment on account of certain 
capital profits (e.g. revenues from financial instruments, including interest and capital gains) to

--- Page 429 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
403 
 
a corporate entity resident for tax purposes in a tax haven, such tax remitter is obliged to 
withhold tax at 19 per cent. rate calculated from the amount being paid out. 
The list of the tax havens is included in the Regulation of the Minister of Finance from 28 March 
2019 on identifying the countries and territories applying harmful tax competition for corporate 
taxation purposes. 
PORTUGUESE TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the current Portuguese tax treatment at the date hereof in relation to 
certain aspects of payments of principal and income in respect of Securities. The statements do not deal 
with other Portuguese tax aspects regarding Securities and relate only to the position of persons who 
are the final and effective beneficial owners of Securities. The following is a general guide, does not 
constitute tax or legal advice and should be treated with appropriate caution. Holders who are in any 
doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional advisers.  
The reference to "investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below means "investment 
income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law. The statements below do not take any 
account of any different definitions of "investment income" or "capital gains" which may prevail under 
any other law or which may be created by the Conditions of the Securities or any related documentation.  
Economic benefits derived from interest, accrued interest, amortisation, reimbursement premiums and 
other types of remuneration arising from the Securities are designated as investment income (rendimentos 
de capital) for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Securities are qualified as capital gains (mais-valias) for 
Portuguese tax purposes. 
Holder's General Taxation Rules 
Investment income and capital gains obtained from the disposal of Securities issued by non-resident 
entities and obtained by Holders resident for tax purposes in Portugal is generally subject to the 
Portuguese standard taxation rules foreseen for investment income and capital gains from foreign source. 
Payments of principal on Securities are not subject to Portuguese withholding tax. For these purposes, 
"principal" shall mean all payments carried out without any income component. 
Investment Income 
Under current Portuguese law, investment income payments in respect of Securities due by non-resident 
entities and made to Portuguese tax resident companies are not subject to Portuguese withholding tax, 
being included in their taxable income and are subject to a Portuguese corporate income tax at a rate of 
(i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise or a small and mid-capitalization 
enterprise ("Small Mid Cap" ) as established in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per 
cent., for taxable profits up to EUR50,000 and 21 per cent. on profits in excess thereof, or (iii) if the 
taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise or a small and mid-capitalization enterprise that qualifies as a 
start-up under the terms foreseen in Law no. 21/2023, of 25 May, and that cumulatively meets the 
conditions established in article 2(1)(f) of the referred Law, 12.5 per cent., for taxable profits up to 
EUR50,000 and 21 per cent. on profits in excess thereof, to which may be added a municipal surcharge 
(derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. over the Portuguese corporate holders' taxable profits, where 
applicable. Corporate taxpayers with a taxable income of more than EUR1,500,000 are also subject to a 
state surcharge (derrama estadual) of (i) 3 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding 
EUR1,500,000 up to EUR7,500,000, (ii) 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding 
EUR7,500,000 up to EUR35,000,000, and (iii) 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds 
EUR35,000,000. 
As regards to investment income on Securities due by non-resident entities and made to Portuguese tax 
resident individuals, they are subject to personal income tax which shall be withheld at the current final 
withholding rate of 28 per cent. if there is a Portuguese resident paying agent, unless the individual elects 
to include it in his taxable income, subject to tax at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. An 
additional surcharge (taxa adicional de solidariedade) will be due on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding EUR80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding

--- Page 430 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
404 
 
 
EUR80,000 up to EUR250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income 
exceeding EUR250,000. 
Investment income Securities due by non-resident entities and made to Portuguese tax resident 
individuals not paid through a Portuguese resident paying agent, are not subject to withholding tax, being 
instead subject to an autonomous taxation at a rate of 28 per cent. unless the individual elects to include 
it in his taxable income, subject to tax at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. An additional 
surcharge (taxa adicional de solidariedade) will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding 
EUR80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding EUR80,000 up to 
EUR250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding 
EUR250,000. 
Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders 
acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 
per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the 
general tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
None of the relevant Non-Portuguese Issuer(s) and Guarantor(s) as the case may be, are responsible for 
withholding at source any amount in respect of Portuguese withholding tax, whenever applicable, on 
interest payments arising from the Securities. 
Capital Gains 
Under current Portuguese law, capital gains obtained by Portuguese tax resident companies on the 
disposal of Securities issued by non-resident entities are included in their taxable income and are subject 
to corporate income tax rate at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium 
enterprise or a small and mid-capitalization enterprise ("Small Mid Cap" ) as established in Decree-Law 
no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. for taxable profits up to EUR50,000 and 21 per cent. on 
profits in excess thereof, or (iii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise or a small and mid-
capitalization enterprise that qualifies as a start-up under the terms foreseen in Law no. 21/2023, of 25 
May, and that cumulatively meets the conditions established in article 2(1)(f) of the referred Law, 12.5 
per cent., for taxable profits up to EUR50,000 and 21 per cent. on profits in excess thereof, to which is 
added a municipal surcharge of up to 1.5 per cent. over the Portuguese corporate Noteholders' taxable 
profits, where applicable. Corporate taxpayers with a taxable income of more than EUR1,500,000 are 
also subject to a state surcharge (derrama estadual) of (i) 3 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits 
exceeding EUR1,500,000 up to EUR7,500,000, (ii) 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding 
EUR7,500,000 up to EUR35,000,000, And (iii) 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds 
EUR35,000,000.  
Capital gains obtained by individuals who are resident in Portugal for tax purposes on the disposal of 
Securities are subject to a special tax rate of 28 per cent., levied on the positive difference between the 
capital gains and capital losses of each year unless the individual opts to include the income in his taxable 
income, subject to tax at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. An additional surcharge (taxa 
adicional de solidariedade) will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding EUR80,000 as 
follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding EUR80,000 up to EUR250,000, and 
(ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding EUR250,000. 
The positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration 
of shares and other securities is mandatorily accumulated and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have 
been held for less than 365 days and the taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the 
capital gains and capital losses, amounts to or exceeds EUR81,199.  
No Portuguese withholding tax applies on capital gains. 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
The EU Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 
2014, introduced the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation concerning bank accounts 
in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and 
Development in July 2014 (the "Common Reporting Standard").

--- Page 431 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
405 
 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law 61/2013, of 10 May 2013, as 
amended by Decree-Law 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, Law no. 
17/2019, of 14 February 2019 and Law no. 24-D/2022, of 30 December 2022. 
The EU Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014 regarding the mandatory automatic 
exchange of information in the field of taxation was transposed into the Portuguese Law through the 
Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October. Under such law, the Issuer will be required to collect 
information regarding certain accountholders and report such information to Portuguese Tax Authorities 
– which, in turn, will report such information to the relevant Tax Authorities of EU Member States or 
third States which have signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange 
of Financial Account Information for the Common Reporting Standard. 
Under the EU Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required 
to report to the tax authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the 
state of residence) information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual 
persons residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual 
persons residing in a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the 
Directive. The information refers to the account balance at the end of the calendar year, income paid or 
credited in the account and the proceeds from the sale, redemption or settlement of the financial assets 
paid or credited in the account during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as 
custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October, which was amended by Law 
no. 98/2017, of 24 August and Law no. 17/2019 of 14 February 2019, all information regarding the 
registration of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising 
thereof and the applicable forms were approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-B/2016, of 2 
December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 282/2018, of 19 October 2018, 
Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-
D/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order no. 255/2017, of 14 August and by 
Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 58/2018, of 27 February 2018 and Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-
E/2016, of 2 December 2016. The exchange of information shall be made in an annual basis, until31 May 
of each year comprising the information gathered respecting the previous year. 
The EU Council Directive 2021/514/EU, of 22 March 2023, has amended Council Directive 2011/16/EU 
aiming to combat the fraud, evasion and tax avoidance in the digital economy and the cross-border 
dimension of the services offered through the use of digital platforms. Under this regime, any digital 
platform that connects sellers of certain goods and services with the respective buyers should report to 
the local tax authorities information on the economic activities carried out by the users. Council Directive 
2021/514/EU was implemented through Law 36/2023, of 26 July 2023, which amended Decree-Law 
61/2013, of 10 May 2013. 
FATCA 
Portugal has implemented, through Law 82-B/2014, of 31 December 2014 and Decree Law 64/2016, of 
11 of October 2016, the legislation based on the reciprocal exchange of information with the United 
States of America on financial accounts subject to disclosure in order to comply with Sections 1471 
through 1474 of FATCA. In this regard, the United States of America and Portugal have signed on 6 
August 2015 an intergovernmental agreement ("IGA"). The IGA entered into force on 10 August 2016, 
and through Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, which was amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 
24 August 2017, and Law no. 17/2019 of 14 February 2019, the Portuguese government approved the 
complementary regulation required to comply with FATCA. Under this legislation the Issuer is required 
to obtain information regarding certain accountholders and report such information to the Portuguese tax 
authorities, which, in turn, will report such information to the IRS. The exchange of information shall be 
made on an annual basis by 31 May of each year comprising the information gathered respecting the 
previous year. 
ROMANIAN TAXATION  
The following text is a high-level summary of certain Romanian tax aspects and considerations relating 
to the Securities.

--- Page 432 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
406 
 
 
This information is of a general nature and it does not purport to be a comprehensive analysis of all 
relevant tax aspects that has to be considered when deciding to invest in Securities. This summary is 
based on the provisions of the Romanian fiscal legislation in force as of 18 June 2024. 
This summary does not describe any tax aspects resulting from the tax laws of any other state than 
Romania. 
Investors are, under all circumstances, strongly advised to contact their own tax advisor to clarify the 
individual consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of the Securities. 
The summary below assumes that the Issuer(s) of the Securities is/are not a tax resident in Romania and 
the Securities are not issued via a Romanian branch/permanent establishment of the Issuer(s). 
Romanian withholding tax on certain payments 
Interest income received by a non-resident person from a Romanian resident is subject to withholding 
tax. Starting from the premise that the Issuer(s) is/are not resident for tax purposes in Romania and it has 
no permanent establishment in Romania, the payments made by the Issuer(s) in respect of interest, 
premiums, principal, dividends, capital gains in connection with Securities will not be deemed made 
from Romania. 
Taxation of resident individual holders 
Individuals who are tax resident in Romania or non-resident citizens who meet the conditions of fiscal 
residence according to Romanian legislation, respectively the residency criteria provided in the Fiscal 
Code, are subject to personal income tax in Romania on their worldwide income. Therefore, Romanian 
individual holders would be subject to personal income tax due on their investment income arising from 
the holding, redemption, settlement, sale or any other transaction with the Securities. 
Taxation of income from the transfer of securities and derivative instruments obtained by natural 
persons 
(a) 
If the natural person obtain income from securities or from derivative instruments; 
(b) 
if they are obtained through intermediaries defined according to the relevant legislation, 
investment management companies, self-managed investment companies, managers of 
alternative investment funds, Romanian tax residents or non-residents who have a permanent 
establishment in Romania that has the quality of an intermediary - hereinafter referred to 
authorised entities or through other types of entities (e.g. non-resident intermediaries). In 2024, 
the fiscal news only covers transactions carried out through these authorised resident entities; 
or 
(c) 
if they are obtained from Romania or from abroad. 
Calculation of gain/loss 
Gains from the transfer of securities, other than derivative financial instruments 
The gain/loss on the transfer of securities is the positive/negative difference realised between the disposal 
value/sale price and their tax value, as applicable, by type of securities, which includes transaction costs 
and related ownership transfer costs securities loan, proven with supporting documents. 
In the case of transfers of securities denominated in foreign currency, the exchange rate used to determine 
the gain and the related tax is the exchange rate communicated by the BNR valid for the day of the 
determination of the gain. 
In the case of the transfer of ownership of securities, the gain/loss is determined as the positive/negative 
difference between the sale price and the tax value, represented by the purchase price, defined in rules 
approved by joint instructions issued by the president of the Financial Supervision Authority and the 
minister public finances.

--- Page 433 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
407 
 
In the case of the transfer of the ownership of the participation titles to the collective investment bodies, 
the gain/loss is determined as the positive/negative difference between the sale/redemption/settlement 
price and the tax value, represented by the purchase/subscription/issuance price which also includes 
trading expenses /subscription, defined in rules approved by joint instructions issued by the president of 
the Financial Supervision Authority and the minister of public finance. 
The moment of determining the gain/loss 
The determination of the gain/loss from the transfer of securities, other than derivative financial 
instruments, is carried out, as the case may be: 
(a) 
on the date of conclusion of the transaction, based on the supporting documents, by the 
intermediaries defined according to the relevant legislation, investment management 
companies, self-managed investment companies, managers of alternative investment funds, 
Romanian tax residents or non-residents who have an office in Romania permanently acting as 
an intermediary, if the operation is carried out through one of these entities; 
(b) 
on the date of payment of the transaction price, based on the supporting documents, by the 
income beneficiary, if the operation is not carried out through one of the entities provided for in 
letter (a); 
(c) 
on the date of conclusion of the short sale transaction, regardless of the way in which it is settled, 
by the entities provided for in letter (a), based on supporting documents, in the case of short sale 
transactions. If the transaction is not carried out through one of the entities provided for in letter 
(a), the determination of the gain/loss is carried out by the income beneficiary, based on 
supporting documents; 
(d) 
on the date of payment of the commission related to the securities loan operation provided for 
in the loan contract, in the case of the securities loan operation. The determination of the gain 
is made by the entities provided for in letter (a), based on the supporting documents. If the 
operation is not carried out through one of the entities provided for in letter (a), the determination 
of the gain is carried out by the income beneficiary, based on the supporting documents; 
(e) 
on the date of establishing the redeemable value of the shares, in the case of the redemption of 
shares in collective investment bodies, by the entities referred to in letter (a) If the operation is 
not carried out through one of the entities referred to in letter (a), the obligation to determine 
the gain/loss rests with the beneficiary of the income; 
(f) 
at the time of the conclusion of the transaction, based on the supporting documents, in the case 
of the transfer of the right of ownership of the shares to the collective investment bodies as a 
result of their trading on regulated markets or alternative trading systems, by the entities referred 
to in letter (a). If the transaction is not carried out through one of the entities provided for in 
letter (a), the obligation to determine the gain/loss rests with the beneficiary of the income. 
Establishing the income from operations with derivative financial instruments, carried out through 
intermediaries defined according to the relevant legislation 
Profit/Loss from operations with derivative financial instruments represents the positive/negative 
difference between the income realised from the closed positions and the expenses related to these 
positions, highlighted in the account, for each type of contract and term, regardless of whether it has 
reached its term or not. 
In the case of derivative financial instruments that provide for periodic settlements between the parties, 
without closing the position, the gain/loss from operations with such financial instruments represents the 
positive/negative difference between the incomes realised on the occasion of periodic settlements and 
the related expenses, highlighted in the account. 
The determination of the gain/loss from operations with derivative financial instruments is made by the 
intermediary, as defined by the relevant legislation, Romanian fiscal resident or non-resident who has a 
permanent establishment in Romania that has the capacity of an intermediary, at the time of each 
transaction, on the basis supporting documents.

--- Page 434 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
408 
 
 
The income from operations with closed positions with derivative financial instruments represents the 
actual receipts from all these operations, with closed positions, highlighted in the income recipient's 
account, less principal receipts. 
Establishing the income from operations with derivative financial instruments, which are not carried 
out through intermediaries defined according to the relevant legislation 
Profit/Loss from operations with derivatives that are not carried out through an intermediary defined 
according to the relevant legislation, a Romanian fiscal resident or a non-resident who has a permanent 
establishment in Romania that has the capacity of an intermediary, is determined for closed positions 
starting from the first day of trading of the fiscal year up to and including its last trading day. 
The profit/loss from operations with derivative financial instruments represents the positive/negative 
difference between the revenues realised from the closed positions and the expenses related to these 
positions, highlighted in the account, for each type of contract and term, regardless of whether it has 
reached its term or not. 
The determination of the gain/loss is carried out in the case of derivative financial instruments that 
provide for periodic settlements between the parties, without closing the position, within a fiscal year. 
The determination of the gain/loss is carried out annually, cumulatively, at the end of the fiscal year, by 
the income recipient, based on supporting documents. 
Tax rate - transfers of securities and derivatives - for transactions carried out through authorised 
intermediaries 
Income in the form of gains from the transfer of securities and operations with derivative financial 
instruments, determined for transfers/operations carried out through intermediaries defined according to 
the relevant legislation, investment management companies, self-managed investment companies, 
managers of alternative investment funds, residents Romanian taxpayers or non-residents who have a 
permanent establishment in Romania that has the quality of an intermediary, are imposed through 
withholding tax as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of securities: 
(i) 
by applying a rate of 1 per cent. on each gain from the transfer of securities that have 
been acquired and disposed of in a period greater than 365 days, inclusive, from the 
date of acquisition; 
(ii) 
by applying a rate of 3 per cent. on each gain from the transfer of securities that were 
acquired and disposed of within a period of less than 365 days from the date of 
acquisition; 
(b) 
in the case of operations with derivative financial instruments: 
(i) 
by applying a rate of 1 per cent. on each gain from carrying out operations with 
derivative financial instruments held for a period greater than 365 days, inclusive, from 
the date of acquisition; 
(ii) 
by applying a rate of 3 per cent. on each gain from carrying out operations with 
derivative financial instruments held for a period less than 365 days from the date of 
acquisition. 
To determine the period in which they were held, it is considered that the securities and financial 
instruments are sold/repurchased in the same order in which they were acquired, respectively first in - 
first out, for each symbol. 
The fiscal value is determined by applying the weighted average price method, including the costs related 
to the transfer/operation, on each token, regardless of the holding period. 
The obligation to calculate and withhold income tax rests with intermediaries, for each transfer/operation.

--- Page 435 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
409 
 
The income tax calculated and withheld at source is declared and transferred to the state budget by the 
intermediaries up to and including the 25th of the month following the month in which it was withheld 
and is final tax. 
The losses obtained from the transfer of securities and from operations with derivative financial 
instruments, carried out through the mentioned entities, as the case may be, are not carried forward and 
are not compensated, they represent definitive losses of the taxpayer. 
If we refer to transactions carried out through resident intermediaries, the tax will be withheld at source 
by them. The losses obtained and not compensated until 1 January 2023 from these transfers/operations 
carried out through these entities are not carried forward, they represent definitive losses regardless of 
the date they were recorded. 
If we are talking about non-resident intermediaries, natural persons will still have the obligation to 
calculate, declare and pay income tax. 
If the losses are made from transactions carried out through authorised entities and are not compensated 
until 1 January 2023, they cannot be carried forward. 
In certain situations, previous losses can be recovered. 
Tax on dividends 
It is paid when investing in companies, ETFs or Investment Funds that distribute dividends. 
The amount of tax on dividends varies depending on where the company or fund that distributes the 
dividends has its registered office: in Romania or abroad. 
Tax on dividends paid by companies or funds in Romania 
Starting from 1 January 2023, dividends are taxed at a rate of 8 per cent., and the tax is withheld at source. 
The tax is withheld and transferred directly to the state on behalf of the investor by the company 
that distributes it, and the net difference of 92 per cent. of the dividends is received by the investor 
in the accounts of the broker in which he owns the shares. 
Contribution for Social Health Insurance (CASS) 
The Social Health Insurance Contribution has a more special regime because it is paid only when the 
cumulative income obtained by an individual, from one or more sources, exceeds a certain threshold. 
As a result, in order to determine whether CASS is also due, to the gains from the investments listed 
above, the gains obtained from: independent activities, intellectual property rights, association with a 
legal person, assignment of the use of goods (rental), agricultural activities, forestry and fish farming, 
trading with cryptocurrencies or other sources. 
This means that even if the cumulative income from dividends and from the transfer of securities does 
not exceed the threshold for CASS, there is still the possibility that the health contribution will be due if 
the sum of all types of income mentioned above exceeds the thresholds below. 
The tax rate for CASS is 10 per cent. applied to the total amount of income collected throughout the year 
(a) 
If the incomes are below the level of 6 gross minimum wages per country, no CASS is due- 
3300 RON is minimum salary starting with 1 October 2023; 
(b) 
If the incomes are between 6 and 12 gross minimum wages per country, the basis for calculating 
CASS is the level of 6 gross minimum wages; 
(c) 
If the incomes are between 12 and 24 gross minimum wages per country, the CASS calculation 
basis is the level of 12 gross minimum wages; 
(d) 
If the earned income exceeds 24 gross minimum wages, the CASS calculation basis is the level 
of 24 gross minimum wages per country.

--- Page 436 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
410 
 
 
If the income and gains obtained from Securities are lower than the threshold above, and the resident 
individual does not obtain revenues from other sources (with the exception of salaries), the contribution 
is only optional. 
Taxation of resident entities holders 
Resident entities which are tax resident in Romania (i.e. if they are incorporated in Romania or if they 
have their effective place of management in Romania or if they are legal entities incorporated according 
to European legislation with registered office in Romania) will be subject to corporate income tax on 
their worldwide income, including any income and gains resulting from the holding, redemption, 
settlement, sale or any other transaction with the Securities. The applicable tax rate is 16 per cent. The 
tax loss incurred by these entities can be carried forward for 5 consecutive years. 
The taxable base for corporate tax purpose is computed as the difference between revenues and expenses 
registered by entities as per the accounting rules, adjusted with tax items. Therefore, the corporate tax 
consequences deriving from holding, redemption, settlement, sale or any other transaction with the 
Securities is dependent also on the accounting treatment applied to such Securities, especially as regards 
the recognition of the related revenues and expenses. 
The Romanian fiscal legislation, exempt from corporate income tax, in certain conditions, the incomes 
derived from dividends and from evaluation/revaluation/sale of shares. 
The Romanian fiscal legislation, states that the losses incurred by a company from selling receivables is 
deductible within the limit of 30 per cent. In case of credit institutions, if receivables are partially covered 
by provisions or taken off from the balance sheet and then sold, 70 per cent. of the difference between 
the value of receivable and their selling price represents taxable income. However, starting 14 May 2020 
this restriction does no longer apply to transfers of government securities, bonds and other debt 
instruments that give the holder a contractual right to collect cash, the expenses recorded from such 
transfers being deductible when calculating the tax result. 
Relief for withholding tax paid in a foreign country in relation with Securities may be available if 
Romania has in place a double tax treaty in place with the country where the tax was withheld. The relief 
is granted under the form of deduction from and within the limit of the corporate income tax due in 
Romania. 
Note that, legal entities with an annual income lower than RON equivalent of EUR500,000 as at 31 
December of the previous year, fall under the obligation to pay tax for micro-entities of 1 per cent. (if it 
has at least 1 full-time employee) applied to income obtained (except certain income specifically 
provided) without possibility to deduct expenses.  
Taxation of non-residents 
Non-resident (legal entities and/or individuals carrying on independent activities) will be subject to tax 
in Romania in respect of income derived from the Securities, in case they have a permanent establishment 
in Romania to which the Securities are attributable. 
Stamp duties, transfer taxes, other taxes 
There are no stamp duties, transfer taxes or other taxes due in Romania in connection with acquisitions 
and transactions with Securities, other than those mentioned above. 
SLOVAKIAN TAXATION 
General tax obligations of Investors 
Filing of personal / corporate income tax returns in Slovakia 
In general, the tax period in Slovakia is a calendar year unless the taxpayer applies the financial year for 
accounting purposes. The tax period of the financial year is applicable only for corporate taxpayers. The 
statutory deadline for filing a tax return is three months following the end of the tax period, i.e. if the tax 
period is a calendar year by 31 March of the following year. This deadline can be extended by 3 months

--- Page 437 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
411 
 
based on a written application. An extension by 6 months is applicable if the taxpayer has income sourced 
abroad.  
Avoidance of double taxation 
Please note that the income sourced abroad may be subject to withholding tax ("WHT") in the country 
of source of income. Amount of applicable WHT may be decreased based on the provisions of the Double 
Taxation Treaty ("DTT") concluded between Slovakia and country of source of income.  
To apply the correct amount of WHT the foreign Issuer(s) may request the Slovak investor to present the 
tax residency certificate proving that the investor is the Slovak tax resident and benefits from DTT's 
protection.  
Should income received by the Slovak investor be provably taxed abroad, the foreign tax may be either 
credited against the Slovak tax liability or the income taxed abroad may be exempted from tax in 
Slovakia. The method of elimination of the double taxation of income is stipulated in the respective DTT. 
Tax withheld in a non-treaty country cannot be neither credited nor deducted from gross income. 
Individual investor 
Slovak tax residents are liable to pay tax in Slovakia on their worldwide income.  
Generally, tax returns are not required if total taxable income does not exceed certain minimal threshold 
(EUR2,461.41 in 2023 and EUR2,823.24 in 2024) with exception of the taxpayer that declared a tax loss. 
Please note that the personal income tax and insurance contributions in Slovakia (if any) are borne by the 
Investor (not Issuer(s) of Securities).  
Tax rate 
Personal income tax rate is 19 per cent. on part of annual tax base not exceeding EUR47,537.98 in 2024 
and 25 per cent. on part of annual tax base exceeding this level. Interest income and similar income from 
capital assets is subject to 19 per cent. tax rate, irrespective of taxpayer's tax base.  
Dividends and similar types of income relating to profits reported for financial years started after 31 
December 2023 are subject to 10 per cent. tax rate, or 35 per cent. tax rate if paid by an entity from a 
non-cooperative country. Dividends and similar types of income relating to financial years started before 
1 January 2024 are subject to withholding tax at 7 per cent. and 35 per cent. respectively. 
A tax rate of 15 per cent. is applicable for individual taxpayers for income from business activities (self-
employment income) provided that the revenues incurred in the respective tax period did not exceed 
EUR60,000. 
Tax base 
The determination of tax base and applicable tax exemptions stipulated by the Slovak Income Tax Act 
varies depending on the type of income. 
The Investor is obliged to include income derived from Securities in the Slovak personal income tax 
return type B depending on type of income as follows: 
(i) 
Separate tax base from capital income according to Article 7 of the Slovak Income Tax Act (19 
per cent. tax rate) includes inter alia income from interests and other revenues from Securities, 
revenues from redemption of shares certificates. The mandatory paid health-care insurance, if 
applicable, may be deducted from taxable income. 
(ii) 
Partial tax base from other income according to Article 8 of the Slovak Income Tax Act (19 per 
cent. / 25 per cent. tax rate) includes inter alia income from the transfer of options, transfer of 
Securities, transfer of participation (interest) in a limited liability company, limited partnership 
or from the transfer of membership rights of a cooperative, income from derivative operations. 
The tax base is determined as a taxable income reduced by provably incurred expenses up to 
the taxable income (a loss is tax non-deductible).

--- Page 438 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
412 
 
 
(iii) 
Separate tax base from profit shares (dividends) according to Article 51e of the Slovak Income 
Tax Act (7 per cent. / 35 per cent. tax rate). Dividends for financial years starting before 1 
January 2024 are subject to 7 per cent. and 35 per cent. tax rate. 
Losses from sale of assets (security, bonds etc.) can be offset against gains from sale of other assets with 
various limitations. 
Tax exemptions 
Gains from sale of Securities that are traded on regulated market (stock exchange or on a similar foreign 
regulated market) for more than 1 year are tax-exempt if (i) the period between acquisition and sale of 
the Securities exceeds 1 year and (ii) the period between their admission to a regulated market and the 
sale exceeds 1 year, PROVIDED THAT the Securities did not form a part of the Investor's business 
assets. 
Further, gains from sale of Securities (less explicitly stipulated expenses) not qualifying for the above 
exemption are tax exempt up to EUR500 per calendar year. However, should the taxpayer declare also 
rental income or income from occasional activities, the exemption would apply preferably on these types 
of income while the aggregated amount of exemption for all of the abovementioned types of income 
cannot exceed EUR500. 
Health-care insurance 
Please note, that certain types of income from Securities (other income according to Article 8 of the 
Slovak Income Tax Act and selected types of income under Article 7 of the Slovak Income Tax Act) are 
subject to 15 per cent. health-care insurance. The mandatory paid health-care insurance, if applicable, 
may be deducted from taxable income after it is settled with respective healthcare authorities. 
Corporate investor 
Tax rate 
The capital gain generated from the sale of Securities is subject to a general 21 per cent. or in special 
cases reduced 15 per cent. corporate income tax rate (for the application of the reduced rate, the total 
revenues generated in a financial year shall not exceed EUR60,000). 
The dividends received from / paid to the entity from a non-cooperative country are subject to 35 per 
cent. tax rate. 
Tax base 
In general, the capital gain generated from the sale of Securities is subject to 21 per cent. or in special 
cases 15 per cent. tax rate and acquisition value of Securities, up to the revenues generated by the sale, 
is treated as tax deductible expense (in most cases any loss is tax non-deductible). 
A special tax regime is applicable to taxpayers authorised to trade with Securities under the special 
regulation who may treat the acquisition value of Securities recognised as cost as tax deductible expense, 
i.e. the loss is treated as tax deductible. 
Starting from 2024 a minimal amount of tax was introduced for corporate taxpayers. Following this 
provision, taxpayers are obliged to pay a minimum amount of tax (the exact amount depends on the 
revenues incurred in the respective period) if their actual tax is lower than the amount of minimum tax 
that would have been applicable. The amount of tax that was paid in excess of the actual amount of tax 
in the respective period can be deducted in up to three following tax periods, provided that certain 
conditions are met. 
SOUTH AFRICA TAXATION 
The following is a general description of the taxation in South Africa of Securities according to the South 
African tax laws in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the 
interpretation and application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The 
following general description does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax

--- Page 439 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
413 
 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of Securities and does not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such 
as professional dealers in securities) may be subject to special rules. Potential investors are under all 
circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax advisor to clarify the individual 
consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of Securities. The Issuer makes no 
representations regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Securities. 
The following is a non-exhaustive summary of the South African tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of the Securities by South African tax residents and non-residents who are 
beneficial owners of the Securities. 
Income Tax on Securities 
Under current taxation law effective in South Africa a "resident" (as defined in section 1 of the South 
African Income Tax Act 58 of 1962 (the "Income Tax Act")) is subject to income tax on their worldwide 
income and a person who is not tax resident in South Africa is subject to tax on income from a South 
African source (subject to domestic exemptions or relief in terms of an applicable double taxation treaty). 
Any relief under an applicable double taxation agreement may be subject to the application of the 
Multilateral Convention to implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit 
Shifting ("MLI"). Subject to any available deductions, allowances and exemptions, any amount 
(including income in the form of interest) received by or accruing to a South African tax resident in 
respect of the Securities will be subject to income tax.  
The tax treatment of resident Securityholders will depend on whether amounts derived in respect of the 
Securities constitute an amount of a revenue nature or an amount of a capital nature. However, because 
the Securities may constitute a wide variety of instruments subject to different terms, it may be possible 
for an amount earned pursuant to the Securities to be capital in nature and not "interest" or revenue in 
nature, and therefore subject to capital gains tax instead of income tax. The terms of the instrument, and 
the statutory and/or common law rules and principles that determine whether an amount is "interest" or 
revenue, or capital in nature, will need to be considered. In addition to the terms of the instrument, the 
circumstances of the Securityholder could impact the tax treatment of amounts derived in respect of the 
Securities. The Securityholder could be exempt from tax, may hold the Securities as long-term 
investments on capital account, or may be trading in the Securities on revenue account. Securityholders 
are advised to consult their own professional advisers as to the nature of any amount earned pursuant to 
the Securities, and the tax treatment of the amount. 
South African tax non-resident persons are subject to income tax on all amounts derived from a South 
African source (subject to domestic exemptions, such as those for interest income mentioned below, or 
relief in terms of applicable double taxation agreements). Depending on the nature of the amount, 
different domestic rules regarding the determination of the source of the income will be applicable. 
(Regarding the treatment of amounts earned by non-residents of South Africa that are capital in nature, 
see "Capital Gains Tax" below).  
Interest as defined in section 24J of the Income Tax Act (see below) is derived from a South African 
source if that amount: 
(a) 
is attributable to an amount incurred by a person that is a South African tax resident, unless the 
interest is attributable to a foreign permanent establishment of that resident; or 
(b) 
is received or accrues in respect of the utilisation or application in South Africa by any person 
of any funds or credit obtained in terms of any form of "interest-bearing arrangement". 
The Issuers are not tax resident in South Africa. Accordingly, unless the amounts raised by the Issuers 
from issuing the Securities are utilised or applied in South Africa by the Issuers or any person, any interest 
paid to any non-resident holders of the Securities will not be deemed to be from a South African source 
and will not be subject to South African income tax. If the interest earned by a Securityholder is from a 
South African source, it will be subject to South African income tax unless such interest income is exempt 
from South African income tax under section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act.

--- Page 440 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
414 
 
 
Under section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act, any amount of interest that is received by or accrued 
(during any year of assessment) by or to any person that is not a resident of South Africa is exempt from 
income tax, unless: 
(a) 
that person is a natural person who was physically present in South Africa for a period exceeding 
183 days in aggregate during the twelve-month period preceding the date on which the interest 
is received or accrued by or to that person; or 
(b) 
the debt from which the interest arises is effectively connected to a permanent establishment of 
that person in South Africa. 
If a Securityholder that is not a tax resident of South Africa does not qualify for the exemption under 
section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act, an exemption from or reduction of any South African tax liability 
may be available under an applicable double taxation agreement. Furthermore, certain entities may be 
exempt from income tax. Securityholders are advised to consult their own professional advisers as to 
whether the interest income earned on the Securities will be exempt under section 10(1)(h) of the Income 
Tax Act or under an applicable double taxation agreement. 
If a Securityholder is a South African tax resident, under section 10(1)(i) of the Income Tax Act, the 
aggregate amount of any interest received by or that accrues to a South African tax resident 
Securityholder who is a natural person, and from a source in South Africa, will be exempt from normal 
tax as does not during the year of assessment exceed: 
(a) 
in the case of a person who would have been 65 years of age on the last day of the year of 
assessment, R34,500; or 
(b) 
in any other case, R23,800.  
The taxation of interest income is generally governed by section 24J of the Income Tax Act, which 
applies to interest bearing arrangements. Interest income which accrues (or is deemed to accrue) to a 
holder of Securities in accordance with section 24J of the Income Tax Act, must be included in the 
Securityholder's gross income and is deemed to accrue on a day to-day basis until that Securityholder 
disposes of the Securities or until maturity or exercise. This day-to-day basis accrual is determined by 
calculating the yield to maturity (as defined in section 24J of the Income Tax Act) and applying this rate 
to the capital involved for the relevant tax period. If on disposal or on maturity or exercise the 
Securityholder has included in gross income interest that the Securityholder did not actually receive (i.e. 
an accrual amount), section 24J allows the deduction of an adjusted loss. Any premium or discount to 
the nominal amount of the Securities is also treated as interest for the purposes of the exemption under 
section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act (see above).  
To the extent the disposal of the Securities gives rise to a gain or a loss, the normal principles are to be 
applied in determining whether such gain or loss should be subject to income tax in terms of the Income 
Tax Act. If the Securities are disposed of on a speculative basis or as part of a scheme of profit making, 
the gain should generally be revenue in nature and subject to normal tax at the normal income tax rates. 
If the Securities are held with a capital intention any gain on disposal will likely be subject to the lower 
capital gains tax (explained in more detail below). 
Section 24JB of the Income Tax Act, deals with the taxation of "financial assets" and "financial 
liabilities" of "covered persons" (for example, a financial institution registered in terms of section 1 of 
the South African Financial Markets Act, 2012, the South African Reserve Bank or a registered banking 
institution (including companies forming part of a banking group), but excluding long term and short 
term insurance institutions who determine their taxable income in respect of certain financial instruments 
by including in or deducting from their income). If Section 24JB applies to the Securities and the 
Securityholders, the tax treatment of the acquisition, holding and/or disposal of the Securities will differ 
from what is set out in this section. Holders of Securities should seek advice from their own professional 
advisers as to whether these provisions may apply to them. 
Income Tax on payment under the guarantee 
Holders of Securities who are South African tax residents will be subject to South African income tax on 
payments received or accrued under the guarantee, regardless of the source of that income. Non-resident 
holders of Securities will be liable for South African income tax on payments received or accrued under

--- Page 441 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
415 
 
the guarantee if the source of the guarantee payments is located in South Africa. The statutory source 
rules contained in the Income Tax Act do not directly address the source of payments made under the 
guarantee. Accordingly, the source of payments under the guarantee is likely to be determined with 
reference to relevant rules and principles under South African common law. Any relief under an 
applicable double taxation agreement may be subject to the application of the MLI. 
Securities Transfer Tax 
The issue, sale, redemption or settlement of the Securities, other than depositary receipts, are not subject 
to any Securities Transfer Tax, as they do not constitute "securities" for the purposes of the South African 
Securities Transfer Tax Act 25 of 2007. Any future transfer duties and/or taxes that may be introduced 
in respect of (or applicable to) the transfer of the Securities will be for the account of holders of the 
Securities. 
Value Added Tax 
No value-added tax ("VAT") is payable on the issue or transfer of South African Securities. The issue, 
allotment, drawing, acceptance, endorsement or transfer of ownership of a debt security constitute 
"financial services" as defined in section 2 of the Value-Added Tax Act 89 of 1991 (the "VAT Act"), 
which are exempt from VAT in terms of section 12(a) of the VAT Act. However, commissions, fees or 
similar charges raised by a South African VAT vendor for the facilitation of the supply of "financial 
services" will be subject to VAT at the standard rate (currently 15 per cent at the date of initial issuance 
of the Securities), except where the recipient is a non-resident. 
The taxable supply of services (including exempt financial services) rendered by a registered vendor to 
non-residents of South Africa who are not in South Africa when the services are rendered, are subject to 
VAT at the zero rate in terms of section 11(2)(l) of the VAT Act. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Capital gains and losses on the disposal of Securities made by South African residents are subject to 
capital gains tax, to the extent that a resident Securityholder disposes of Securities other than on a 
speculative basis or as part of a scheme of profit-making. 
Capital gains tax under the Eighth Schedule to the Income Tax Act will not be levied in relation to 
Securities disposed of by a person who is not a tax resident of South Africa unless the Securities disposed 
of are effectively connected with a permanent establishment of that non-resident in South Africa during 
the relevant year of assessment. The tax treatment will be subject to the provisions of any applicable tax 
treaty. Any relief under an applicable double taxation agreement may be subject to the application of the 
MLI. 
A sale of the Securities by a South Africa tax resident holder may result in a capital gain or loss if the 
Securities were held as capital assets or a revenue gain or loss if the Securities were held as trading stock. 
Any such capital gain or revenue gain will be subject to capital gains tax or income tax, respectively, in 
the holder's hands. The gain or loss is determined in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax 
Act and any discount or premium on acquisition which has already been treated as interest for income 
tax purposes, under section 24J of the Income Tax Act will not be taken into account when determining 
any capital gain or loss. If the Securities are disposed of or redeemed prior to or on maturity or exercise, 
an "adjusted gain on transfer or redemption of an instrument", or an "adjusted loss on transfer or 
redemption of an instrument", as contemplated in section 24J of the Income Tax Act, must be calculated. 
Any such adjusted gain or adjusted loss is deemed to have been incurred or to have accrued in the year 
of assessment in which the transfer, redemption or settlement occurred. The calculation of the adjusted 
gain or adjusted loss will take into account, among other things, all interest which has already been 
deemed to accrue to the Securityholder over the term that the instrument. Under section 24J(4A) of the 
Income Tax Act, where an adjusted loss on transfer, redemption or settlement of an instrument realised 
by a holder of a Security includes interest that has previously been included in the income of the holder, 
that amount will qualify as a deduction from the income of the holder during the year of assessment in 
which the transfer, redemption or settlement takes place and will not give rise to a capital loss. 
To the extent that a Securityholder constitutes a "covered person" (as defined in section 24JB of the 
Income Tax Act) and section 24JB applies to the Securities, the Securityholder will be taxed in

--- Page 442 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
416 
 
 
accordance with the provisions of section 24JB of the Act and the capital gains tax provisions would not 
apply.  
Holders of Securities should seek advice from their own professional advisers as to whether a disposal, 
redemption or settlement of Securities will result in a liability for capital gains tax. 
Taxation of Foreign Exchange Gains and Losses 
The Securities may be denominated or payable in a currency other than ZAR ("Foreign Currency 
Securities"). A South African tax resident who holds Foreign Currency Securities and who is (1) a 
company; (2) a trust carrying on a trade; or (3) a natural person who holds the Securities as trading stock 
will be required to account for foreign exchange gains and losses on the translation and realisation of the 
Securities in accordance with the provisions of section 24I of the Income Tax Act. Such persons may be 
required to include or deduct from their income any translations and realisations exchange gains and 
losses on the Securities.  
No taxable foreign exchange gains or losses will arise for such South Africa holders persons where the 
Securities are attributable to a permanent establishment outside of South Africa and the functional 
currency of that permanent establishment is denominated in a foreign currency.  
No foreign exchange gains or losses on translation and realisation of the Securities in accordance with 
the provisions of section 24I of the Income Tax Act will arise for non-resident holders of the Securities, 
unless such Securities are attributable to a South African permanent establishment of such non-resident 
holder. 
Persons holding the Securities as capital assets will be required to take currency fluctuations into account 
in determining the capital gain or loss in respect of the disposal of the Securities in accordance with the 
provisions of the Eighth Schedule of the Income Tax Act. 
Withholding Tax 
A final withholding tax on interest at the rate of 15% is levied on interest payments made to a non-
resident of South Africa but the withholding tax on interest only applies in circumstances where such 
interest is regarded as having been received or accrued from a source within South Africa. There are 
certain exemptions from the withholding tax on interest in respect of South African sourced interest paid 
to a foreign person, including payments of interest made: 
(a) 
in respect of "listed debt", being debt listed on a "recognised exchange", as defined in terms of 
paragraph 1 of the Eighth Schedule to the Income Tax Act; or 
(b) 
in respect of a debt owed by another foreign person unless, 1) that foreign person is a natural 
person who was physically present in South Africa for a period exceeding 183 (one hundred 
and eighty three) days in aggregate during the twelve month period preceding the date on which 
the interest is paid and 2) the debt claim in respect of which that interest is paid is effectively 
connected with a permanent establishment of that other foreign person in South Africa if that 
other foreign person is registered as a taxpayer in terms of Chapter 3 of the South African Tax 
Administration Act 28 of 2011. 
In both instances in (a) or (b) above the foreign person must submit a declaration in a prescribed form 
confirming their exemption to the person liable for the payment of the interest before payment of the 
interest is made. 
A foreign person could also qualify for the exemption if the foreign person is an institution listed in 
section 50D of the Income Tax Act. 
If a foreign person does not qualify for any of the above exemptions, then any interest paid to that foreign 
person will not be exempt from the withholding tax on interest unless another exemption is applicable. 
Section 8F and 8FA of the Income Tax Act 
Section 8F of the Income Tax Act applies to "hybrid debt instruments", and section 8FA of the Income 
Tax Act applies to "hybrid interest", which are terms defined in the Income Tax Act, with reference to

--- Page 443 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
417 
 
"debt" instruments that have certain equity-like features. Section 8F and 8FA of the Income Tax Act 
provide that interest on a "hybrid debt instrument" and/or "hybrid interest" are, for purposes of the Income 
Tax Act, deemed to be a dividend in specie. If either of these provisions apply, the tax treatment of the 
interest may differ from what is set out above, and such payments may be subject to dividends 
withholding tax as a result of the deemed classification of interest as dividends in specie. The provisions 
of section 8F and 8FA of the Income Tax Act are subject to certain exemptions. 
Holders of Securities are advised to consult their own professional advisers to ascertain whether the 
abovementioned provisions may apply to them. 
Withholding Tax on Guarantee Payments 
The applicability of the interest withholding tax is limited to the payment of "interest" which is defined 
in the Income Tax Act to include "interest and similar finance charges". In the event that a Guarantor 
makes a payment in respect of a guarantee, under current South African tax law such payments under a 
guarantee will not be subject to South African withholding tax. However, payments made in respect of 
default interest on any guarantee payments may be subject to a final withholding tax on interest levied at 
a rate of 15 per cent. (which rate may be reduced if a double tax agreement applies and certain formalities 
are complied with) to the extent that the amount is regarded as having been received or accrued from a 
South African source. The source of payments under the guarantee is likely to be determined with 
reference to relevant rules and principles under South African common law. Any relief under an 
applicable double taxation agreement may be subject to the application of the MLI.  
Definition of Interest 
The references to "interest" above mean "interest" as understood in South African tax law. The 
statements above do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest" or "principal" which 
may prevail under any other law or which may be created by additional terms and conditions of the South 
African Securities or any related documentation. 
SPANISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the main Spanish tax implications deriving from the ownership, transfer, 
redemption, settlement or reimbursement of the Securities referred to in this Base Prospectus by 
individuals or legal persons who are resident in Spain for tax purposes and by Spanish Non-Resident 
Income Tax ("NRIT") taxpayers acting, with respect to the Securities, through a permanent 
establishment in Spain. 
This summary is based on the Spanish law in force as of the date of approval of this Base Prospectus 
and on the administrative interpretations thereof, and therefore is subject to any changes in such laws 
and interpretations thereof occurring after that date, including changes having retroactive effect. In 
particular, this description is based on the provisions established in the Individual Income Tax Law (the 
"IIT Law") (Law 35/2006, of 28 November 2006, as amended), the Corporate Income Tax Law (the "CIT 
Law") (Law 27/2014, of 27 November 2014, as amended) and in the Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law 
(the "NRIT Law") (approved by Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March 2004, as amended) and 
does not take into consideration any special regime applied by individuals or legal persons (such as 
financial entities, exempt entities, cooperatives, individuals who acquire the Securities by reason of 
employment, pension funds, collective investment in transferrable securities or look-through entities).  
In addition, the following section does not cover those tax laws in force in the Spanish Basque provinces 
and Navarra as well as the particularities in force in the Spanish autonomous communities (comunidades 
autónomas), or the special rules applicable to transactions among related persons for Spanish tax 
purposes. 
Accordingly, this summary is for general information only and does not purport to be a tax advice, thus 
prospective investors in the Securities should consult their own tax advisors as to the applicable tax 
consequences of their purchase, ownership and disposition of the Securities, including the effect of tax 
laws of any other jurisdiction, based on their particular circumstances. Also prospective investors should 
note that the appointment by an investor in Securities, or any person through which an investor holds 
Securities, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Securities in any

--- Page 444 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
418 
 
 
jurisdiction may have tax implications. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors in 
relation to the tax consequences for them of any such appointment. 
For the purposes of our analysis, we have assumed that the relevant Issuer is, in the case of Citigroup 
Inc. and CGMHI, a company resident for tax purposes in the United States and for the purposes of the 
Convention between the Kingdom of Spain and the United States for the Avoidance of Double Taxation 
and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income signed on 22 February 1990, as 
amended in October 2019, and entitled to its benefits, and, in the case of CGMFL, is resident for tax 
purposes in Luxembourg and for the purposes of the Convention between the Kingdom of Spain and the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the avoidance of Double Taxation with respect to Taxes on Income and 
on Capital and the Prevention of Fiscal Fraud and Evasion signed on 4 August 1987, as amended in 
May 2010, and entitled to its benefits, that the relevant Issuer does not act with respect to the Securities 
through a permanent establishment in Spain, that the proceeds of the Securities are not used in Spain by 
the relevant Issuer, and that the investors in the Securities are resident in Spain for tax purposes or NRIT 
taxpayers acting, with respect to such Securities, through a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Spanish tax resident individuals 
(a) 
Individual Income Tax ("IIT") (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
The Spanish IIT is regulated by the IIT Law and supplemented by the IIT Regulations approved 
by Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 2007, as amended (the "IIT Regulations"). 
The Securities are deemed securities (activos financieros), in accordance with the definition set 
forth in Article 91 of the IIT Regulations and its interpretation by the Spanish tax authorities, 
and hence the rules provided with regard to securities must be taken into consideration. 
According to Article 25.2 of the IIT Law and its interpretation by the Spanish tax authorities, 
interest as well as income arising on the transfer, redemption, settlement or reimbursement of 
the Securities obtained by individuals who are resident in Spain for tax purposes will be deemed 
income from movable property and therefore will be included in the investor's IIT savings 
taxable base and taxed, together with the other savings income obtained by such investor in that 
same tax year, at a flat tax rate of 19 per cent. on the first EUR6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable 
income between EUR6,000.01 to EUR50,000, 23 per cent. for taxable income between 
EUR50,000.01 and EUR200,000, 27 per cent. for taxable income between EUR200,000.01 to 
EUR300,000 and 28 per cent. for taxable income in excess of EUR300,000. 
As a general rule, income earned by Spanish resident individuals under the Securities should 
qualify as interest payments. In general, interest payments obtained by Spanish resident 
individuals should be subject to withholding tax at a 19 per cent. rate on account of IIT 
(creditable against final tax liability). 
Notwithstanding the above, as non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent 
establishment are not bound to withhold on account of IIT on payments made to Spanish 
resident individuals, interest payments under the Securities should be only subject to 
withholding tax in Spain in case they are deposited in a depositary entity or individual resident 
in Spain (or acting through a permanent establishment in Spain) or if an entity or individual 
resident in Spain (or acting through a permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge of the 
collection of the income derived from the Securities, PROVIDED THAT such income had not 
been previously subject to withholding tax in Spain. 
However, when the Securities (i) are represented in book-entry form; (ii) are admitted to trading 
on a Spanish secondary stock exchange; and (iii) generate explicit yield, holders can benefit 
from a withholding tax exemption in respect of the income arising from the transfer or 
reimbursement of the Securities, save in respect of income derived from accounts entered into 
with financial institutions, PROVIDED THAT such accounts are based on financial 
instruments, such as the Securities. However, under certain circumstances, when a transfer of 
the Securities has occurred within the 30-day period immediately preceding any relevant coupon 
payment date such holders may not be eligible for such withholding tax exemption.

--- Page 445 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
419 
 
Holders of Securities shall compute the gross interest obtained in the taxable base of the tax 
period in which it is due, including amounts withheld, if any. Income arising on the transfer, 
redemption, settlement or reimbursement of Securities will be calculated as the difference 
between (i) the transfer, redemption, settlement or reimbursement value of such Securities 
(deducting the additional costs and expenses incurred in the transfer, if they are duly justified) 
and (ii) their acquisition or subscription value (adding the additional costs and expenses incurred 
in the acquisition, if they are duly justified). 
Should a holder of Securities acquire homogeneous securities within the two-month period prior 
or subsequent to the transfer of such Securities, negative income that may derive from such 
transfer cannot be included in his or her IIT taxable base until the homogeneous securities are 
transferred. 
The net taxable income related to interest derived from the Securities shall be determined by 
deducting the management and deposit expenses from the gross income, excluding those 
pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management.  
Additionally, tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation in accordance with 
the IIT Law or any applicable convention for the avoidance of double taxation entered into by 
Spain may apply in respect of taxes paid abroad, if any, on income deriving from Securities. 
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax ("Net Wealth Tax") (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Only individual holders of Securities would be subject to the Net Wealth Tax as legal persons 
are not taxable persons under Net Wealth Tax.  
Relevant taxpayers will be individuals who have their habitual residence in Spain regardless of 
the place where their assets or rights are located or could be exercised, and non-Spanish resident 
individuals owning assets or rights which are located or could be exercised in Spain whose net 
wealth is higher than EUR700,000, as this amount is considered as exempt from Net Wealth 
Tax. 
Taxpayers should include in their Net Wealth Tax self-assessment the Securities (assuming they 
qualify as debt instruments) for the following amounts: 
(i) 
if they are listed in an official market, the average negotiation value of the fourth 
quarter; and 
(ii) 
in other case, its nominal value (including redemption premiums). 
The value of the Securities together with the rest of the taxpayer's wealth, once reduced by the 
deductible in rem liens and encumbrances which reduce the rights and assets values and the 
personal debts of the taxpayer, shall be taxed at a tax rate between 0.2 to 3.5 per cent. 
Finally, please note that the Spanish regions are entitled to modify (i) the threshold of net wealth 
exempt from taxation; (ii) the tax rates; and (iii) the tax benefits and exemptions to be applied 
in their territory. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax ("IGT") (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire Securities by inheritance or gift will 
be subject to the Spanish IGT in accordance with the IGT Law (Ley 29/1987, de 18 de diciembre, 
del Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones), without prejudice to the specific legislation 
applicable in each autonomous region. The effective tax rate, after applying all relevant factors, 
ranges from 0 per cent. to 81.6 per cent. depending on several factors such as pre-existing 
heritage of the heir or donee, or the kinship with the deceased or the donor. Additionally, it 
should be taken into consideration that IGT management has been transferred to the Spanish 
Autonomous Regions therefore, a detailed analysis in each specific case should be carried out 
to analyse the applicable regional legislation since there might be differences in respect of the 
final taxation under IGT depending on the region in which an investor resides.

--- Page 446 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
420 
 
 
Please bear in mind that, in case the Securities are deemed to be exercisable in Spain, non-
resident individuals who acquire Securities by inheritance or gift may also be subject to the 
Spanish IGT. 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation may apply in respect of similar 
taxes paid abroad, if any, in respect of Securities. 
Legal persons resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to IGT, thus the income that 
they may obtain from gift or inheritance, as the case may be, will be subject to Spanish Corporate 
Income Tax ("CIT") on the market value of Securities received, PROVIDED THAT the legal 
persons obtaining such income are Spanish CIT taxpayers. 
(d) 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes ("STLF") (Impuesto temporal de solidaridad de 
las grandes fortunas) 
STLF is a NWT's complementary tax which is levied on individuals holding a world-wide net 
wealth of EUR3,000,000.  
The value of the Securities together with the rest of the taxpayer's net wealth (exceeding 
EUR3,000,000) shall be taxed at a tax rate between 1.7 and 3.5 per cent. 
Individuals who have their habitual residence in Spain regardless of the place where their assets 
or rights are located or could be exercised, and non-Spanish resident individuals owning assets 
or rights which are located or could be exercised in Spain will be entitled to a EUR700,000 
rebate to their taxable base (i.e. STLF will be triggered for a net wealth exceeding 
EUR3,700,000). 
Individuals whose tax residence is located in Spain will be entitled to deduct taxes paid abroad 
with certain limitations. STLF quota together with the NWT and the IIT quotas, shall not surpass 
60 per cent. of the IIT taxable base. If said summation exceeds said threshold, the STLF quota 
could be reduced up to 80 per cent.. After applying said limitations, it could be deducted from 
the final STLF Tax quota: (i) any taxes paid abroad following the NWT relevant provisions and 
without prejudice of the dispositions contained in any double tax treaty or international appliable 
legislation and (ii) the NWT quota effectively paid.  
Although the STLF was conceived as a temporary tax that would only accrue on Fiscal Years 
2022 and 2023, Royal Decree-Law 8/2023 of 27 December has established its indefinite nature 
until the Spanish Autonomous Regions Net Wealth taxation is reviewed. 
Spanish legal persons subject to Corporate Income Tax (CIT) (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Interest and income arising on the transfer, redemption, settlement or reimbursement of Securities 
obtained by legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain and regarded as CIT taxpayers shall be 
computed as taxable income of the tax period of its accrual, in accordance with the rules contained in the 
CIT Law and supplemented by the CIT regulations, approved by Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 
2015 (the "CIT Regulations"). 
The general CIT rate for Spanish CIT taxpayers is currently 25 per cent. However, certain CIT taxpayers, 
such as banks and investment funds, may be subject to higher or lower CIT rates. Taxpayers with an 
annual net turnover higher than EUR 20 million or who are taxed jointly under a CIT group will be 
subject to a minimum 15 per cent. effective CIT rate of the adjusted taxable base (additional requirements 
or limitations may apply depending on the nature and circumstances of a given taxpayer). Please note 
that the CIT Law allows further reduction of this minimum taxation threshold by offsetting, among 
others, international double tax credits if any are available. 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation in accordance with the CIT Law or any 
applicable convention for the avoidance of double taxation entered into by Spain may apply in respect of 
taxes paid abroad, if any, on income deriving from Securities. 
As a general rule, interest payments and income upon transfer, redemption, settlement under the 
Securities shall be subject to withholding tax at 19 per cent. rate on account of CIT (creditable against 
final tax liability).

--- Page 447 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
421 
 
Notwithstanding this, as non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent establishment are 
not bound to withhold on account of CIT on payments made to Spanish resident entities, interest 
payments and income upon transfer, redemption settlement under the Securities should be only subject 
to withholding tax in Spain in case they are deposited in a depositary entity resident in Spain (or acting 
through a permanent establishment in Spain) or if an entity or individual resident in Spain (or acting 
through a permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge of the collection of the income derived from 
the Securities, PROVIDED THAT such income had not been previously subject to withholding tax in 
Spain. 
However, when (i) the Securities are represented in book-entry form and are admitted to trading on a 
Spanish secondary stock exchange or on the Spanish Alternative Fixed Income Market ("MARF"); or 
(ii) the notes are listed on a market in an OECD member state; holders who are corporate income 
taxpayers can benefit from a withholding tax exemption in respect of interest payments and income 
arising from the transfer, redemption, settlement of the Securities, exception made of income derived 
from accounts entered into with financial entities, PROVIDED THAT such accounts are based on 
financial instruments, such as Securities. 
Spanish Financial Transaction Tax (FTT) 
The acquisition of shares of a Spanish listed company trading on a regulated market in Spain, any other 
Member State of the European Union, or on a market in a third country if the market is considered to be 
equivalent, with a market capitalisation greater than 1,000 million euros ("Qualifying Shares") and the 
acquisition of certificates of deposit representing Qualifying Shares ("Qualifying Certificates"), such as 
American depositary receipts, regardless of the type of market or trading centre where the trades are 
executed (regulated market, multilateral trading facility, systematic internaliser; or OTC transactions), 
are subject, save for certain exceptions, to Spanish FTT at a 0.2 per cent. of the corresponding acquisition 
price (excluding the costs and expenses associated to such transaction). 
In addition to the above, the acquisition of Qualifying Shares and Qualifying Certificates under the 
execution or settlement of convertible or exchangeable bonds or debentures, of derivatives, as well as of 
any financial instrument, or of certain financial contracts, are also subject to the Spanish FTT. 
Non-resident investors subject to NRIT (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
Based on the fact that none of the Issuers is resident in Spain for tax purposes, that the payments of the 
Securities are not effectively allocated to a permanent establishment in Spain of the relevant Issuer and 
that the proceeds of the Securities are not used in Spain by the relevant Issuer, no Spanish NRIT should, 
in principle, be levied on investors that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, unless they are acting 
with respect to Securities through a Spanish permanent establishment. 
In addition to the above, and in accordance to binding ruling V0185-20 of 27 January 2020, certain 
securities (such as financial derivatives) may be classified, for the purposes of the relevant double tax 
treaty, as business profits or other income and, as mentioned above, should not be considered, in general 
terms, as Spanish-source income, subject to the provisions of any relevant double tax treaty. 
According to the general principles of the Spanish NRIT Law, Spanish permanent establishments of non-
Spanish tax resident persons are taxed under the NRIT Law in a similar manner to Spanish CIT taxpayers, 
although some specific rules may apply. Due to the complexity of this matter, non-Spanish tax resident 
investors acting in Spain, with respect to Securities, through a permanent establishment are strongly 
urged to seek appropriate advice in respect of their own tax position in this regard.  
Spanish withholding tax 
Where a financial institution (either resident in Spain for tax purposes or acting through a permanent 
establishment in Spain) (a) acts as depositary of Securities, (b) manages the collection of any income 
under Securities, (c) intervenes in their transfer or (d) carries out the redemption, settlement or 
reimbursement of the Securities, on behalf of Holders either (i) resident in Spain for tax purposes or (ii) 
holding the Securities through a permanent establishment located in Spain, such financial institution will 
be responsible for making the relevant withholding on account of Spanish tax on any income deriving 
from the relevant Securities. The current withholding tax rate in Spain is 19 per cent. Amounts withheld

--- Page 448 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
422 
 
 
in Spain, if any, can be credited against the final Spanish IIT, CIT or NRIT liability, as applicable to the 
Holder. 
Other Spanish taxes (indirect taxation) 
The acquisition, transfer, redemption, settlement and reimbursement of Securities will be exempt from 
indirect taxes in Spain, i.e. exempt from or not subject to Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, as the case may 
be, in accordance with the Consolidated Text of such tax approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, 
of 21 September 1993, and exempt from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 
December 1992, regulating such tax. 
SWEDISH TAXATION 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swedish tax considerations relating to 
Securities issued by any of the Issuer(s) where the holder is tax resident in Sweden or has a tax presence 
in Sweden. This summary of certain tax issues that may arise as a result of holding Securities is based 
on current Swedish tax legislation and is intended only as general information for holders of Securities 
who are resident or domiciled in Sweden for tax purposes, unless otherwise stated. This description does 
not deal comprehensively with all tax consequences that may occur for holders of Securities, nor does it 
cover the specific rules where Securities are held by a partnership or are held as current assets in a 
business operation. The summary does, moreover, not cover Securities held on a so-called investment 
savings account (investeringssparkonto). Special tax consequences that are not described below may 
also apply for certain categories of taxpayers, including investment companies and life insurance 
companies. It is recommended that potential investors in Securities consult their own tax advisers for 
information with respect to the special tax consequences that may arise as a result of holding Securities, 
including the applicability and effect of foreign income tax rules, provisions contained in double taxation 
treaties and other rules which may be applicable. 
Tax residency 
An individual is considered to be tax resident in Sweden based on domicile, continuous stay exceeding 
183 days or having essential ties to Sweden after moving abroad. Essential ties is not limited to any 
specific requirement but rather a complete assessment based on all relevant circumstances. However, 
some circumstances are of greater weight such as keeping a permanent dwelling in Sweden. A company 
is generally deemed tax resident in Sweden based on incorporation under the Swedish Companies Act 
(e.g. limited liability company). In case registration has not taken place, the seat of the board or similar 
circumstances are decisive for determining residency.  
Withholding of tax  
There is no Swedish withholding tax (källskatt) applicable on payments made by the Issuer in respect of 
the Securities. Sweden operates a system of preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) to secure payment of taxes. 
In the context of the Securities a preliminary tax of 30 per cent. will be deducted from all payments 
treated as interest in respect of the Securities made to any individuals or estates that are resident in 
Sweden for tax purposes provided the paying entity is tax resident in Sweden and subject to reporting 
obligations. A preliminary tax of 30 per cent. will also be deducted from any other payments in respect 
of the Securities not treated as capital gains, if such payments are paid out together with payments treated 
as interest. For limited liability companies (aktiebolag) all capital income is taxed from business 
operations at a rate of 20.6 per cent.. Depending on the relevant holder's overall tax liability for the 
relevant fiscal year the preliminary tax may contribute towards, equal or exceed the holder's overall tax 
liability with any balance subsequently to be paid by or to the relevant holder, as applicable. 
Taxation of individuals resident in Sweden 
Capital Income 
For individuals and estates of deceased Swedish individuals, capital gains, interest payments, dividends 
and other income derived from the holding of an asset should be reported as capital income.

--- Page 449 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
423 
 
Capital gains and losses  
Individuals and estates of deceased Swedish individuals, who sell their Securities, are subject to capital 
gains taxation. The current tax rate of the gain is 30 per cent.. The capital gain or loss is equal to the 
difference between the sales proceeds after deduction of sales costs and the acquisition cost of the 
Securities. The acquisition cost is calculated according to the so-called average method. This means that 
the costs of acquiring all Securities of the same type and class are added together and calculated 
collectively, with respect to changes to the holding. Optionally, the so-called standard rule under which 
the acquisition cost is deemed to be the equivalent of 20 per cent. of the net sales price may be applied 
on the disposal of listed Securities (except for options and forward contracts) that are taxed in the same 
manner as shares. A Security should be regarded as listed for Swedish tax purposes if it is listed on the 
Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
Euronext Dublin or any other foreign market that is considered to be a stock exchange under Swedish 
tax law. 
As a main rule, 70 per cent. of a capital loss is deductible against any other taxable income derived from 
capital.  
Capital losses on listed Securities that are taxed in the same manner as shares, are, however, fully 
deductible against taxable capital gains on such assets or capital gains on listed shares. Capital losses on 
listed Securities may be deductible against 5/6 of capital gains on non-listed shares in Swedish limited 
liability companies and foreign legal entities. Any excess amount is deductible at 70 per cent., according 
to the main rule.  
Capital losses on listed Securities qualifying as Swedish receivables (i.e. denominated in SEK) are 
currently fully deductible in the capital income category. Moreover, under EC law receivables 
denominated in foreign currency are also fully deductible.  
If a deficit arises in the capital income, a reduction of the tax on income from employment and from 
business, as well as the tax on real estate, is allowed. The tax reduction allowed amounts to 30 per cent. 
of any deficit not exceeding SEK100,000 and 21 per cent. of any deficit in excess of SEK100,000. 
Deficits may not be carried forward to a subsequent fiscal year. 
Interest  
Interest as well as other income derived from the holding of an asset is subject to tax at a rate of 30 per 
cent. The tax liability arises when the interest (or other income) is actually paid, in accordance with the 
so-called cash method.  
No formal interest accrues on zero-coupon bonds. The profit from a redemption of a zero-coupon bond 
is regarded as interest, subject to tax at the time of redemption. However, the appreciation in value is 
regarded as interest compensation, should the zero-coupon bond be disposed of prior to maturity. If there 
is a loss on the bond, this is deductible as a capital loss in accordance with the principles referred to 
above.  
Stamp duty  
There is no stamp duty on the issuing, transfer, redemption or settlement of Securities in Sweden.  
Gift, Inheritance and Wealth taxes  
There is no gift, inheritance or wealth tax in Sweden. 
Taxation of Swedish legal entities  
Limited liability companies and other legal entities, except for estates of deceased Swedish individuals, 
are taxed on all income (including income from the sale of Securities) as income from business activities 
at a flat rate of 20.6 per cent.. Regarding the calculation of a capital gain or loss and the acquisition cost, 
see "Taxation of individuals resident in Sweden" above. However, interest income as well as other 
income derived from the holding of an asset is taxed on an accruals basis.

--- Page 450 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
424 
 
 
Capital losses on Securities that are taxed in the same manner as shares (see further above) incurred by 
a corporate holder of a Security may only be offset against taxable capital gains on shares or such 
Securities. Such capital losses may also, under certain circumstances, be deductible against capital gains 
on shares and Securities that are taxed in the same manner as shares within the same group of companies, 
provided the requirements for group contributions (tax consolidation) are met. 
Capital losses on shares and Securities that are taxed in the same manner as shares which are not deducted 
against capital gains within a certain year may be carried forward and offset against taxable capital gains 
on shares and Securities taxed in the same manner as shares in the future.  
For limited liability companies and economic associations, capital gains on shares and certain share 
related rights held for business purposes are tax exempt. As a result, capital losses on shares and share 
related rights that are held for business purposes are not deductible. Securities under this offer are not 
treated as share related rights held for business purposes. However, a capital loss on the Securities is not 
deductible should the underlying assets, directly or indirectly, consist of shares or certain share related 
rights held for business purposes.  
As mentioned above, there is no stamp duty on the issuing, transfer, redemption or settlement of 
Securities in Sweden. 
Taxation of non-residents in Sweden  
Holders of Securities who are not fiscally resident in Sweden and who are not carrying on business 
operations from a permanent establishment in Sweden are generally not liable for Swedish capital gains 
taxation on the disposal of Securities. The holders may, nevertheless, be subject to tax in their country of 
residence.  
However, as far as non-resident individuals are concerned, capital gains on the sale of certain Securities 
(such as Securities taxed in the same manners as shares) may in some cases be subject to Swedish tax if 
the individual has been resident or permanently lived in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of 
the sale or any of the 10 preceding calendar years. This provision is, nevertheless, in many cases limited 
by tax treaties for the avoidance of double taxation, which Sweden has concluded with approximately 80 
other countries. 
Should dividends be payable, cross border dividends from Sweden are subject to withholding tax 
(kupongskatt) of 30 per cent., a rate which may be reduced under an applicable double tax treaty. 
SWISS TAXATION 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) 
Securities issued by any of the Issuer(s) where the Holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax 
presence in Switzerland or (ii) Securities where the Paying Agent, custodian or Securities dealer is 
located in Switzerland. The discussion is based on legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It 
does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant 
for a decision to invest in Securities. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the particular 
situation. All investors are advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the respective 
Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of 
Securities (or options embedded therein) in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments on a Security are currently not subject to Swiss federal withholding tax PROVIDED THAT 
the respective Issuer(s) is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes. 
Income Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
(a) 
Structured Securities 
If a Security classifies as a structured note, its income taxation depends on whether the bond 
and the derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein are recorded separately from each

--- Page 451 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
425 
 
other and whether the Security classifies as a structured note with or without a predominant one-
time interest payment: 
(i) 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not 
recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s), the Security 
classifies as a non-transparent structured note and any return over the initial investment 
classifies as a taxable interest payment. Non-transparent derivative financial 
instruments generally include a predominant one-time interest payment and are taxed 
in accordance with the principles set forth below under "Transparent derivative 
financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment". 
(ii) 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest 
payment: If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) and the yield to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic 
interest payments and not from a one time interest payment (see below "Transparent 
derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment"), then 
any periodic interest payment and the one-time interest payment, if any, is taxed when 
paid to the holder of the Security. A gain, including interest accrued, realised on the 
sale of a Security is a tax-free private capital gain. A loss realised on the sale of a 
Security is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, (see below "Securities held as 
Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). The same applies if the Security is 
redeemed except that interest accrued is taxed when paid. 
(iii) 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest 
payment: If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) and the yield to maturity predominantly derives from a one-
time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and 
not from periodic interest payments, then any periodic interest payments and on the 
redemption, settlement or sale of the Security the difference between the value of the 
embedded bond at redemption, settlement or sale, as applicable, and its value at 
issuance or secondary market purchase, as applicable, converted, in each case, into 
Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of sale, redemption, settlement, 
issuance or purchase, respectively (modified differential taxation method) constitutes 
taxable income. A value decrease on the embedded bond respectively realised on the 
sale, redemption, settlement of the Security may be offset against any gains (including 
periodic interest payments) realised within the same taxation period from all 
instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment. Any residual return 
realised on the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) is a tax-free private capital 
gain, and any residual loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively (see 
below "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
(b) 
Bonds 
Bonds without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security classifies as a pure bond 
without a predominant one-time interest payment (i.e. the yield-to-maturity predominantly 
derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time interest payment), Swiss 
resident private investors will be taxed on the periodic and any one-time interest payments, if 
any, converted into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment. A gain, 
including interest accrued, realised on the sale of a Security is a tax-free private capital gain. A 
loss, realised on the sale of a Security is a non-tax deductible private capital loss (see below 
"Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
Bonds with a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security classifies as a pure bond 
with a predominant one-time interest payment (i.e. the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives 
from a one-time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium 
and not from periodic interest payments), Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on any 
periodic interest payments and on any gains, including capital and foreign exchange gains, 
realised on the Securities (differential taxation method). 
(c) 
Pure Derivative Financial Securities

--- Page 452 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
426 
 
 
Periodic and one-time dividend equalisation payments realised on a Security which classifies as 
a pure derivative financial instrument (such as pure call and put options, including low exercise 
price options with a term not exceeding one year, pure futures, static Securities replicating an 
index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed term or an annual redemption or exercise 
right) and which is held as part of their private assets constitute taxable investment income. Any 
other return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss 
(see below "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
(d) 
Low Exercise Price Options 
According to the current practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration low exercise price 
options are given if the underlying of an option has been pre-financed by at least 50 per cent. at 
the time of issuance. 
For low exercise price options with a term exceeding one year the interest component of the low 
exercise price option (i.e. issue discount) constitutes taxable investment income. Any other 
return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss (see 
below "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
(e) 
Fund-like Securities 
A Security classified as a fund-like instrument will be considered a pass-through instrument for 
Swiss tax purposes if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, and capital 
gains and losses (less costs attributable) realised on, the underlying investments, are reported 
and distributed separately. Under such conditions, an individual holding a fund-like Security as 
part of private assets only receives taxable income (which he or she must report annually) over 
such portion of the distributions (in case the fund is distributing the income realised on the 
underlying investments) or earnings credits (in case the fund is reinvesting the income realised 
on the underlying investment) as derive from dividends and interest (less attributable costs) on 
the underlying instruments. Any distributions or credits deriving from capital gains realised on 
the underlying investments constitute a tax-free private capital gain, and any respective loss on 
the underlying investments is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Any gain realised within 
a taxation period on the sale of a fund-like instrument (including accrued dividends and interest) 
is exempt from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss realised a 
non-tax-deductible capital loss (see below "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident 
Holder"). 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Securities as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, in 
the case of residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Switzerland, are required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the 
sale, redemption or settlement of, such Securities (irrespective of their classification) in their income 
statement for the respective taxation period and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are 
classified as "professional Securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged 
investments in Securities. 
Capital Gains Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
A gain, realised by an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale or other disposal 
of a Security held as part of his or her private assets is a tax-free private capital gain. A loss, realised by 
an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale or other disposal of a Security held 
as part of his or her private assets is a non-tax deductible capital loss. In the case of a gain or a loss, 
unless such individual is classified, for income tax purposes, as a "professional Securities dealer" for 
reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments in Securities. If an individual is 
classified as a "professional Securities dealer" he or she will be taxed in accordance with the principles 
set forth above under "Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business". Concerning the bifurcation of a tax 
exempt capital gains component, non-tax deductible capital loss component, respectively, from taxable

--- Page 453 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
427 
 
income components of a Security see the bifurcation principles set forth above with regard to the different 
instruments under "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder". 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Capital gains realised on Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business are taxed in accordance with the 
taxation principles set forth above under "Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business"). 
Stamp Taxes 
Swiss Federal Issue Stamp Tax 
The Securities are not subject to Swiss federal stamp tax on the issuance of Securities. 
Swiss Federal Securities Turnover Tax 
The issuance of Securities to the initial holders at the original offering price (primary market) is not 
subject to the Swiss federal securities turnover tax, except that the issuance of Securities which classify 
as fund like instruments may be subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on 
the offering price, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax 
act) is a party or an intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Dealings in Securities (secondary market) which classify as pure derivative financial instruments (such 
as pure call and put options, including low exercise price options with a term not exceeding twelve 
months, pure futures with a maximal pre-financing of 25 per cent., static Securities replicating an index 
or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed term or an annual redemption or exercise right) are not 
subject to the Swiss federal securities turnover tax. 
Dealings in Securities which have been issued by an issuer outside of Switzerland and which classify as 
structured notes, share-like instruments (including low exercise price options on shares with a term 
exceeding twelve months) or fund-like instruments are subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 
up to 0.3 per cent. on the consideration paid, however, only if a Swiss Securities dealer (as defined in the 
Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Dealing in bonds and structured notes with a maturity not exceeding one year are exempt from Swiss 
federal securities turnover tax. 
The delivery of an underlying taxable Security at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Security is 
subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. if a Swiss Securities dealer (as 
defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption 
applies. 
Gift, Inheritance and Estate Taxes 
Subject to an applicable tax treaty in an international scenario, transfers of Securities may be subject to 
cantonal and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased person has had his or her 
last domicile in Switzerland, the donor is resident in Switzerland, respectively, or in the case of a foreign 
deceased or resident person the transfer involves an unincorporated business in Switzerland and 
Securities are held as part of such business. No such taxes exist at the federal level. Rates depend upon 
the existing relationship (i.e. the relationship between the deceased and the heirs, or between the donor 
and the donee) and the size of the inheritance or gift. Interspousal gifts and gifts to descendants and 
inheritances collected by the surviving spouse and descendants are frequently exempt or taxed at very 
low rates (up to 6 per cent.). Gifts and inheritances received from unrelated persons attract rates ranging 
from 20 per cent. to 40 per cent. The taxable base is usually the market value of the property transferred. 
Net Worth and Capital Taxes 
A holder of Securities who is an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes or is a non-Swiss 
resident holding Securities as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment is 
required to report Securities as part of private wealth or as part of Swiss business assets, as the case may 
be, and is subject to annual cantonal and/or communal private wealth tax on any net taxable wealth 
(including the Securities), in the case of non-Swiss resident individual holding Securities as part of a

--- Page 454 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
428 
 
 
Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment to the extent the aggregate taxable wealth 
is allocable to Switzerland. Incorporated holders of Securities are subject to cantonal and communal 
capital tax on net taxable equity, in the case of a non-Swiss resident person holding Securities as part of 
a Swiss permanent establishment, to the extent the aggregate taxable equity is allocable to Switzerland. 
No net worth and capital taxes exist at the federal level. 
Non-Swiss resident Holders 
A holder of a Security who is not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and who during the taxation 
year has not engaged in trade or business carried on through a business operation or permanent 
establishment in Switzerland, will neither be subject to income tax and capital gains tax nor net wealth 
or capital tax in Switzerland. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the implementation 
of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial 
institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder or by 
means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not be transferred 
automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope of 
administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland. 
On 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for negotiations with the U.S. on 
changing the current direct-notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent 
to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. tax 
authorities. 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the 
"MCAA"). The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance 
convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information 
(the "AEOI"). The Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
(the "AEOI Act") entered into force on 1 January 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the 
implementation of the AEOI standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. 
The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the 
principle of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for 
criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Based on such multilateral or bilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, 
Switzerland exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Securities, held 
in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland 
for the benefit of individuals resident in a EU member state or in a treaty state.

--- Page 455 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARES AND THE PREFERENCE SHARE COMPANY 
429 
 
SECTION G.10 – DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARES AND THE 
PREFERENCE SHARE COMPANY 
The issuer of the Preference Shares is Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
("CGMFL") or any other entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Preference Share 
Company"). CGMFL is also an issuer under the Programme and a description of CGMFL is set out in 
the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A." above. 
Preference Shares will be issued from time to time in different Classes (each a Class). 
Each issue of Preference Share Linked Securities will give exposure to the performance of a separate 
Class of Preference Shares that in turn have a defined return which will depend on the exposure to one 
or more Preference Share Underlying(s). It is expected that the Preference Share Company will only 
issue a small number of Preference Shares of each Class and that, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, these will be issued fully paid at GBP1.00 each and will be held by Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited or another affiliate of the Issuer until their redemption date. 
A copy of the Preference Share Company's constitutional documents and the terms and conditions of 
each Class of Preference Share (the "Preference Share Terms and Conditions") are available to 
investors in the Securities on written request (free of charge) from (i) where the Preference Share 
Company is CGMFL, the registered office of CGMFL at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and (ii) in respect of any Preference Share Company, from the distributor of the 
relevant Securities. If specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Preference Share Terms and Conditions 
of the relevant Class of preference shares will also be available on the website specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
The Preference Share Company may issue redeemable Preference Shares of any kind, including but not 
limited to Preference Shares which have a defined return dependant on the performance of one or more 
underlying asset(s) or reference basis(es) (each a "Preference Share Underlying") (which may include, 
but will not be limited to, one or more security indices, one or more commodity indices, one or more 
commodities, one or more shares, one or more depositary receipts, one or more exchange traded fund 
shares, one or more mutual fund interests or one or more currency exchange rates) and will be issued on 
such terms as may be determined by the Preference Share Company and specified in the applicable terms 
and conditions of the relevant Class of Preference Shares. 
The Preference Share Terms and Conditions of each Class provide that the applicable preference shares 
will be redeemable on their final redemption date at a defined amount as determined in accordance with 
the relevant Preference Share Terms and Conditions. The Preference Share Terms and Conditions may 
also provide that the Preference Share Company may redeem the Preference Shares early if: 
(i) 
the performance of the Preference Share Company's obligations under the Preference Shares 
has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited for any reason; or 
(ii) 
a change in applicable law or regulation occurs that results, or will result, in the Preference 
Share Company being required to be regulated by any additional regulatory authority, or being 
subject to any materially onerous additional legal requirement or regulation or tax; or 
(iii) 
an early redemption event in respect of a Preference Share Underlying occurs; or 
(iv) 
a financial product issued by the Preference Share Company or any of its affiliates any 
proportion of the return on which matches the return on the Preference Shares or is otherwise 
dependent on the value of the Preference Shares, has or will become subject to early redemption 
or is or will be cancelled. 
The conditions of the Preference Shares contain provisions relating to early redemption events and 
adjustment events relating to the Preference Share Underlying(s) to which the relevant Preference Shares 
give investment exposure. Such early redemption events and adjustment events are substantially similar 
to the provisions relating to the equivalent type of Underlying contained in the Underlying Schedules of 
the Conditions of the Securities and consequently, investors should also read the considerations relating 
to Securities linked to the relevant Underlying(s) in these risk factors in order to fully understand the 
provisions relating to such Underlying(s) (and consequently the Preference Share Underlying(s)) and the 
associated risks.

--- Page 456 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARES AND THE PREFERENCE SHARE COMPANY 
430 
 
If the Preference Shares are redeemed early pursuant to the above, the Issuer will notify holders of the 
Securities in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) and each Security will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount determined as specified in Preference Share Conditions 6(d) (Early 
Redemption for tax reasons or illegality, following an Event of Default or following an Early Redemption 
Event and the Early Redemption Amount) and 6(e) (Realisation Disruption). 
The value of the Preference Shares is scheduled to be published on each scheduled trading day on the 
Electronic Page specified in the applicable Issue Terms or on such other information source as may be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The value of the Preference Shares depends on the Preference Share Terms and Conditions of the relevant 
Class, the performance of the Preference Share Underlying(s) to which the relevant Preference Shares 
give investment exposure and the financial condition and standing of the Preference Share Company. In 
determining the value of the Preference Shares, the Calculation Agent shall employ the calculation 
procedure and methodology set out in the applicable Preference Share Terms and Conditions. Investors 
should review the Preference Share Terms and Conditions to ensure that they understand how the defined 
return and performance of the Preference Share Underlying(s) will affect the value of the Preference 
Shares and, therefore, the return on the Securities.

--- Page 457 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
431 
 
SECTION H – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
CONTENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
SECTION H.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES .................... 436 
1. 
Type of Security ................................................................................................................ 440 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title ............................................................................................ 441 
3. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Securities ................................................................................ 444 
4. 
Status ................................................................................................................................. 448 
5. 
Interest............................................................................................................................... 448 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase .................................................................................................. 448 
7. 
Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates ............................................................................ 463 
8. 
Payments ........................................................................................................................... 466 
9. 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................ 474 
10. 
Prescription ........................................................................................................................ 478 
11. 
Events of Default ............................................................................................................... 478 
12. 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding ........................ 481 
13. 
Replacement of Securities .................................................................................................. 494 
14. 
Further Issues..................................................................................................................... 494 
15. 
Notices .............................................................................................................................. 495 
16. 
Consolidation or Merger .................................................................................................... 497 
17. 
Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor ..................... 498 
18. 
Redenomination ................................................................................................................. 502 
19. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction .................................................................. 503 
20. 
Rights of Third Parties and Waiver of Trial by Jury ............................................................ 506 
21. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 506 
22. 
Italian Listed Certificates ................................................................................................... 508 
23. 
Italian Listed Notes ............................................................................................................ 508 
24. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes ................................... 510 
 
SECTION H.2 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE 
CERTIFICATES ............................................................................................................................. 511 
1. 
Type, Title and Transfer ..................................................................................................... 514 
2. 
Status ................................................................................................................................. 518 
3. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 518 
4. 
Interest............................................................................................................................... 525 
5. 
Exercise Rights and Early Termination ............................................................................... 526 
6. 
Exercise and termination procedure .................................................................................... 539 
7. 
Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable ................................................. 544 
8. 
Illegality in relation to the Warrants.................................................................................... 545 
9. 
Purchases ........................................................................................................................... 545 
10. 
Agents, Determinations and Modifications ......................................................................... 546 
11. 
Notices .............................................................................................................................. 550 
12. 
Expenses and Taxation ....................................................................................................... 550 
13. 
Further Issues..................................................................................................................... 550 
14. 
Substitution of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor ............................................................ 550 
15. 
Presentation periods, Prescription ....................................................................................... 555 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction ......................................................................................... 555 
17. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes ................................... 556 
18. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ........................................................................................ 557 
19. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions ........................................................................................ 558 
20. 
Adjustments ....................................................................................................................... 562 
21. 
Adjustments for European Monetary Union ........................................................................ 563 
22. 
Listing of Warrants ............................................................................................................ 564 
23. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 ...................................................................... 564 
24. 
Specified Offices of the Warrant Agents, Registrar and Authentication Agent ..................... 565 
 
SECTION H.3 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES...... 566 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS ............................................ 566

--- Page 458 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
432 
 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 566 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 569 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation ..................................................................................................... 569 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 572 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 572 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 573 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS .......................................... 578 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 578 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 579 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation ..................................................................................................... 579 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 580 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 581 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 581 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS....................................... 583 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 583 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 584 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ...................................................................................................... 585 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 586 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 587 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 587 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS ................................................... 590 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 590 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 593 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ...................................................................................................... 593 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 594 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 594 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 594 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS ............................................................... 596 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 596 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 598 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation ..................................................................................................... 601 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 602 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 604 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 604 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS ................................... 607 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 607 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 609 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ...................................................................................................... 609 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 611 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 615 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 615 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS ... 617 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 617 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 618 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ...................................................................................................... 618 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 619 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 622 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 622 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS ................................................ 624 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 624 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 627 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation ..................................................................................................... 627 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 627 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 630 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 630 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS ........................................................... 632 
PART A: EMTA NOT APPLICABLE ............................................................................................. 632 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 632 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 633 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ...................................................................................................... 633

--- Page 459 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
433 
 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 635 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 635 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 635 
PART B: EMTA APPLICABLE ...................................................................................................... 636 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 636 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 638 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ...................................................................................................... 638 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 639 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 639 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 639 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – BESPOKE INDEX CONDITIONS ............................................ 642 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 642 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 642 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ...................................................................................................... 643 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 643 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 643 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 643 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS................ 647 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 647 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 647 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation ..................................................................................................... 648 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 648 
5. 
Additional Early Termination  Events ................................................................................. 648 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 648 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – RATE CONDITIONS ............................................................... 651 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 651 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 651 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ...................................................................................................... 651 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 651 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 651 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 651 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS .................................... 654 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 654 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 654 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ...................................................................................................... 654 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 654 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 654 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 656 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS ............................................ 659 
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE 
ENTITY) ........................................................................................................................................ 659 
PART B: CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) ................................... 705 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes ................................................................................... 705 
2. 
Interest or premium on Credit Linked Notes ....................................................................... 708 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes ...................................................................................... 712 
4. 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes ........................................................................ 717 
5. 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes ..................................................................................... 720 
6. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ............................................................................... 724 
7. 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes .................................................................................. 728 
8. 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes ............................................................................. 732 
9. 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes ................................................................. 735 
10. 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes .......................................................................... 739 
11. 
Index Swaption Provisions ................................................................................................. 744 
12. 
Credit Event Notice, Risk Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information ........ 746 
13. 
Relevant Time.................................................................................................................... 747 
14. 
Event Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events .......................... 747 
15. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension .................................................................................... 748 
16. 
M(M)R Restructuring......................................................................................................... 749 
17. 
Auction Redemption Terms ................................................................................................ 751 
18. 
Cash Redemption Terms .................................................................................................... 753

--- Page 460 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
434 
 
19. 
Physical Redemption Terms ............................................................................................... 754 
20. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms .................................................................................... 766 
21. 
Redemption upon Merger Event ......................................................................................... 767 
22. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event ......................................................................................... 767 
23. 
Effect of DC Resolutions.................................................................................................... 768 
24. 
Successor Provisions .......................................................................................................... 770 
25. 
Deliverable Obligations ...................................................................................................... 781 
26. 
Reference Obligation ......................................................................................................... 783 
27. 
Calculation Agent Determination ....................................................................................... 785 
28. 
Notices .............................................................................................................................. 787 
29. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics ....... 789 
30. 
No frustration..................................................................................................................... 790 
31. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 790 
PART C: CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) ................................... 876 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes ................................................................................... 876 
2. 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes .......................................................................................... 877 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes ...................................................................................... 880 
4. 
Credit Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information ...................................... 883 
5. 
Event Determination Dates and Adjustment Payments ........................................................ 884 
6. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension .................................................................................... 884 
7. 
Restructuring ..................................................................................................................... 885 
8. 
Auction Redemption Terms ................................................................................................ 886 
9. 
Cash Redemption Terms .................................................................................................... 888 
10. 
Physical Redemption Terms ............................................................................................... 888 
11. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms .................................................................................... 897 
12. 
Redemption upon Merger Event ......................................................................................... 897 
13. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event ......................................................................................... 897 
14. 
Effect of DC Resolutions.................................................................................................... 898 
15. 
Successor Provisions .......................................................................................................... 899 
16. 
Deliverable Obligations ...................................................................................................... 902 
17. 
Substitute Reference Obligation ......................................................................................... 902 
18. 
Calculation Agent Determination ....................................................................................... 904 
19. 
Notices .............................................................................................................................. 905 
20. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics ....... 906 
21. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 908 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS .................................................. 951 
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS – FREQUENTLY ASKED 
QUESTIONS .................................................................................................................................. 951 
PART B: INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS ......................................................................................... 959 
1. 
Principal and Interest Payouts on Index Skew Notes ........................................................... 959 
2. 
Entry into an Index Skew Position ...................................................................................... 960 
3. 
Initial Payment and Offsetting Settlements ......................................................................... 960 
4. 
Applicable Event Determination Date ................................................................................. 961 
5. 
Cash Settlement ................................................................................................................. 961 
6. 
Merger of Reference Entity and Seller ................................................................................ 961 
7. 
M(M)R Restructuring......................................................................................................... 961 
8. 
Successors ......................................................................................................................... 961 
9. 
Reference Obligations ........................................................................................................ 962 
10. 
Changes in determination ................................................................................................... 962 
11. 
Deemed changes to the Index Annex .................................................................................. 962 
12. 
Optional Early Redemption ................................................................................................ 962 
13. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 962 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS CONDITIONS ...................... 966 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 966 
2. 
Exercise and Settlement ..................................................................................................... 968 
3. 
Determinations and Discretions .......................................................................................... 969 
4. 
Notices under the Notional Transaction .............................................................................. 970 
5. 
Merger of Reference Entity and Seller ................................................................................ 972 
6. 
Successors and New Trades................................................................................................ 972 
7. 
Suspension ......................................................................................................................... 972

--- Page 461 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
435 
 
8. 
Amendments relating to Event Determination Dates ........................................................... 972 
9. 
DC Resolution Adjustment Events ..................................................................................... 972 
10. 
Notices to Issuer and Calculation Agent ............................................................................. 973 
11. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 973 
12. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 973 
13. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 973 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 17 – DEBT SECURITY CONDITIONS ............................................ 974 
1. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................... 974 
2. 
Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 974 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation ..................................................................................................... 974 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ............................................................................................ 974 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events .................................................................................. 975 
6. 
Additional Provisions ......................................................................................................... 975 
SCHEDULE A – CITIGROUP INC. TLAC ELIGIBLE NOTES...................................................... 976 
1. 
Redemption and Purchase .................................................................................................. 976 
2. 
Events of Default ............................................................................................................... 976 
3. 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding ........................ 977 
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE .................................................................... 978 
1. 
Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings ...................................... 978 
2. 
Additional provisions for Indian Participation Certificates .................................................. 986 
3. 
China Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings ...................................... 986 
4. 
Additional provisions for China Participation Certificates ................................................... 988 
5. 
Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings .................................... 989 
6. 
Additional provisions for Taiwan Participation Certificates ................................................. 990 
7. 
Additional Provisions for Securities linked to Shares traded through the China Connect 
Services or for Security Index Linked Securities where Additional Provisions for China 
Connect Service apply ........................................................................................................ 990 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE .......................................................................... 992 
PART A: VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES. 992 
1. 
Interest and Redemption Provisions .................................................................................... 992 
2. 
Underlying Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for Securities other than Underlying 
Linked Securities ..............................................................................................................1137 
3. 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event ....................................1148 
4. 
Provisions relating to Interest ............................................................................................1149 
5. 
Provisions relating to Mandatory Early Redemption ..........................................................1234 
6. 
Provisions relating to Redemption Amounts ......................................................................1238 
7. 
Physical Delivery Securities ..............................................................................................1242 
8. 
Dual Currency Security Provisions ....................................................................................1252 
9. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions .......................................................................................1252 
10. 
Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments ..............................................................................1256 
11. 
Split Payment Conditions ..................................................................................................1259 
PART B: VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND 
EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES .................................................................................................1261 
1. 
General Provisions applicable to Underlyings ....................................................................1261 
2. 
Cash Settlement on exercise ..............................................................................................1271 
3. 
Physical Settlement on exercise .........................................................................................1279 
4. 
Mandatory Early Termination Event for Long/Short Warrants ...........................................1279 
5. 
Definitions ........................................................................................................................1282 
6. 
Participation Certificate Provisions ....................................................................................1285

--- Page 462 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
436 
 
SECTION H.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
Except as indicated below, the following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Securities which 
will include the general conditions of the Securities together with the additional terms and conditions 
contained:  
(i) 
in the case of Security Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 1,  
(ii) 
in the case of Inflation Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 2,  
(iii) 
in the case of Commodity Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 3,  
(iv) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 4,  
(v) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 5,  
(vi) 
in the case of Depositary Receipt Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 6,  
(vii) 
in the case of ETF Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 7,  
(viii) 
in the case of Mutual Fund Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 8,  
(ix) 
in the case of FX Rate Linked Securities and to the extent specified in the Conditions, in 
Underlying Schedule 9,  
(x) 
in the case of Bespoke Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 10,  
(xi) 
in the case of Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 11,  
(xii) 
in the case of Rate Linked Securities and to the extent specified in the Conditions, in Underlying 
Schedule 12,  
(xiii) 
in the case of Preference Share Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 13,  
(xiv) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes only, in Underlying Schedule 14,  
(xv) 
in the case of Index Skew Notes only, in Underlying Schedule 15 (each of Underlying Schedules 
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 and 15, an "Underlying Schedule" and together, the 
"Underlying Schedules"); 
(xvi) 
where specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below), Schedule A;  
(xvii) 
where "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "China 
Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "Taiwan Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "Additional Provisions for Shares traded 
through the China Connect Service" or "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect 
Service" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Schedule B; and  
(xviii) 
in the case of all Securities which are Notes or Certificates, Part A of the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule (the Underlying Schedules together with Schedule A and the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule, the "Schedules" and each, a "Schedule")  
and, in relation to any tranche of Securities, as completed, modified and/or supplemented, as applicable, 
by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below).

--- Page 463 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
437 
 
References in these General Conditions of the Notes and Certificates (for the purposes of Notes and 
Certificates, the "General Conditions") and in the applicable Underlying Schedules to the "Securities" 
shall be references to the Securities of this Series, which shall be either: (i) "English Law Securities" 
(where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be governed by English law, which 
Securities, for the avoidance of doubt, include French Cleared Securities) or (ii) "Irish Law Securities" 
(where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be governed by Irish law) or (iii) 
"French Law Securities" (where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
governed by French law) or (iv) "New York Law Securities" (where the Securities are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be governed by the laws of the State of New York), and shall mean (a) in 
relation to any Registered Securities (as defined below) represented by a global Security (a "Global 
Registered Security"), units of each Specified Denomination in the Settlement Currency (in the case of 
Notes) or individual Securities in the case of Certificates; (b) any Global Registered Security; (c) any 
definitive Registered Security ("Definitive Registered Security") whether or not issued in exchange for 
a Global Registered Security; (d) in relation to any Swedish Security, units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Settlement Currency (in the case of Notes) or individual Securities in the case of 
Certificates and (c) in relation to any Finnish Security, units of each Specified Denomination in the 
Settlement Currency (in the case of Notes) or individual Securities in the case of Certificates, or (ii) in 
relation to any French Law Security, units of each Specified Denomination (in the case of such Notes). 
Whether the Securities are English Law Securities, Irish Law Securities, French Law Securities or New 
York Law Securities, and whether they are of the form of Registered Securities, Bearer Securities, 
Swedish Securities or Finnish Securities will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms but one such 
form of Securities cannot be exchanged for another. 
Securities are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more Tranches of Securities. As used 
herein, "Tranche" means Securities which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Securities together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Securities which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue 
Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms document (the "Final Terms") or, in the case of Securities 
which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") ("Exempt Securities"), a 
pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") which, in the case of the Final Terms, completes or, in 
the case of the Pricing Supplement, completes, modifies and/or supplements the General Conditions and 
the applicable Schedule(s). In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and the 
applicable Schedule(s) and (ii) the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below), the applicable Issue Terms 
shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and (ii) the applicable 
Schedule(s), the applicable Schedule(s) shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions and (ii) the Credit Linked Conditions or the Index Skew Conditions, 
as applicable, the Credit Linked Conditions or the Index Skew Conditions, as applicable, shall prevail. 
References in these General Conditions to a Condition shall be deemed to be a reference to a Condition 
of the General Conditions, unless otherwise specified. For the purposes hereof, "Issue Terms" means 
either (i) where the Securities are not Exempt Securities, the applicable Final Terms or (ii) where the 
Securities are Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references should be construed 
accordingly. 
The terms and conditions of a Tranche of Securities (the "Terms and Conditions") means, in relation to 
any Tranche of Securities, the General Conditions together with the additional terms and conditions 
contained in (i) in the case of all Securities which are Notes or Certificates, Part A of the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule (and references in the Conditions of the Notes or Certificates to the "Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule" shall be construed as references to Part A of the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule only), and (ii) in the case of Security Index Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 1, (iii) 
in the case of Inflation Index Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 2, (iv) in the case of 
Commodity Index Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 3, (v) in the case of Commodity Linked 
Securities only, Underlying Schedule 4, (vi) in the case of Share Linked Securities only, Underlying 
Schedule 5, (vii) in the case of Depositary Receipt Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 6, (viii) 
in the case of ETF Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 7, (ix) in the case of Mutual Fund Linked 
Securities only, Underlying Schedule 8, (x) in the case of FX Rate Linked Securities and to the extent 
specified in the Conditions, Underlying Schedule 9, (xi) in the case of Bespoke Index Linked Securities

--- Page 464 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
438 
 
only, Underlying Schedule 10, (xii) in the case of Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities only, 
Underlying Schedule 11 (xiii) in the case of Rate Linked Securities and to the extent specified in the 
Conditions, Underlying Schedule 12, (xiv) in the case of Preference Share Linked Securities only, 
Underlying Schedule 13, (xv) in the case of Credit Linked Notes only, Underlying Schedule 14, (xvi) in 
the case of Index Skew Notes only, Underlying Schedule 15, (xvii) where specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, Schedule A and (xviii) where "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties 
and Undertakings" or "China Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "Taiwan 
Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "Additional Provisions for Shares traded 
through the China Connect Service" or "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Schedule B. The conditions of a Tranche of 
Securities (the "Conditions") means, in relation to any Tranche of Securities, the Terms and Conditions 
as completed or, (in the case of Exempt Securities) completed, modified and/or supplemented, as 
applicable, by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Securities for which any of (ii) to 
(xiv) above apply are "Underlying Linked Securities". 
The Securities (other than Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities, except as provided herein) are 
issued pursuant to the amended and restated Fiscal Agency Agreement in respect of Notes and 
Certificates dated 18 November 2024 (as further amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") between, inter alia, Citigroup Inc., Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc. ("CGMHI") and Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. ("CGMFL") 
each as an issuer, Citigroup Inc. as guarantor in respect of Securities issued by CGMHI where it is 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (in its capacity as such guarantor, the "CGMHI 
Guarantor"), Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("CGML") as guarantor in respect of Securities issued 
by CGMFL where it is specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (in its capacity as such guarantor, 
the "CGMFL Guarantor" and, together with the CGMHI Guarantor, the "Guarantors" and each a 
"Guarantor"), Citibank, N.A., London branch as issuing agent and fiscal agent (in such capacity, the 
"Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any successor fiscal agent and together with any other 
paying agent from time to time, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents) and as principal paying agent, Citibank Europe plc (Germany Branch) as 
registrar (in such capacity, the "Registrar", which expression shall include any successor registrar) and 
Citibank Europe plc as a transfer agent (in such capacity, a "Transfer Agent", which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agent), Citibank Europe plc as French Cleared Securities and 
French Law Securities issuing and paying agent (the "French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent", 
which expression shall include any successor French Cleared Securities and French Law Securities 
issuing and paying agent), and the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar (if applicable), all Paying Agents, all 
Transfer Agents (if applicable), the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and (if applicable) the 
French Law Securities Registration Agent (as defined below) are together referred to herein as the 
"Agents") and Citibank, N.A. as calculation agent if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms (in such 
capacity, the "Calculation Agent", which expression shall include any successor calculation agent or 
such other entity as may be specified as the Calculation Agent in the applicable Issue Terms) and as 
exchange agent (in such capacity, the "Exchange Agent", which expression shall include any successor 
exchange agent). 
The Issuers may determine to appoint a securities registration agent in respect of French Law Securities 
under the Programme (any such appointed entity, the "French Law Securities Registration Agent", 
which expression shall include any successor French Law Securities registration agent), but shall be 
under no obligation to do so. Where no French Law Securities Registration Agent has been appointed, 
all references to the French Law Securities Registration Agent herein shall be deemed to be references 
to the relevant Issuer of the French Law Securities as the context may require. 
The only provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement applicable to the Swedish Securities and the Finnish 
Securities are those in Clauses 2.2, 16, 20, 26, 27 and 28 and Schedule 5 (Provisions for Meetings of 
Securityholders) and Clauses 21, 22 and 23 in relation to the appointment of the Calculation Agent only. 
In relation to any Series, Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL will be the Issuer thereof as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and references in the Conditions to "the Issuer" shall be to whichever of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL is so specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Any English Law Securities (other than Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities) issued by Citigroup 
Inc. are issued with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 21 January 2022 (as amended, supplemented

--- Page 465 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
439 
 
and/or restated from time to time, the "Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant") executed by Citigroup Inc. 
in relation to such Securities.  
Any English Law Securities (other than Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities) or Irish Law 
Securities issued by CGMHI are issued with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 21 January 2022 
(as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "CGMHI Deed of Covenant") 
executed by CGMHI in relation to such Securities.  
Any English Law Securities (other than Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities) or Irish Law 
Securities issued by CGMFL are issued with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 21 January 2022 
(as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "CGMFL Deed of Covenant" and, 
together with the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant and the CGMHI Deed of Covenant, the "Deeds of 
Covenant" and references herein to the "relevant Deed of Covenant" shall mean the Citigroup Inc. 
Deed of Covenant where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc., the CGMHI Deed of Covenant where the Issuer is 
CGMHI, and the CGMFL Deed of Covenant where the Issuer is CGMFL) executed by CGMFL in 
relation to such Securities. References herein to the Deed of Covenant shall be ignored in relation to 
Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities and New York Law Securities and the Conditions shall be 
construed accordingly. Each purchaser and subsequent holder of New York Law Securities is deemed to 
acknowledge and agree that such New York Law Securities shall not have the benefit of any of the Deeds 
of Covenant and none of the Deeds of Covenant shall apply in respect of such New York Law Securities 
(including following an Event of Default). 
Securities issued by CGMHI are, where Citigroup Inc. is specified as the guarantor in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the subject of a Deed of Guarantee (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the "CGMHI Deed of Guarantee"), dated 21 December 2015 executed by the CGMHI 
Guarantor.  Securities issued by CGMFL are, where CGML is specified as the guarantor in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the subject of a Deed of Guarantee (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the "CGMFL Deed of Guarantee" and, together with the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the 
"Deeds of Guarantee"), dated 25 January 2019 executed by the CGMFL Guarantor.  
Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMFL are not guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor and are 
not the subject of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee shall be ignored in relation to the Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. and 
CGMFL and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI are not guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor and are 
not the subject of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. and 
CGMHI and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
The holders of the Securities are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant and the Deeds of Guarantee are available 
for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies 
of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office of each 
of the Paying Agents. If the Securities are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and are not publicly offered, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement will only be obtainable by a Securityholder during normal business hours at the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents holding one or more of the Securities if such Securityholder produces 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Securities and 
identity. 
The Valuation and Settlement Schedule and applicable Issue Terms will specify whether settlement shall 
be by way of cash payment ("Cash Settled Securities") or by physical delivery ("Physical Delivery 
Securities"). 
Securities which are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Swedish Securities ("Swedish 
Securities") will be issued pursuant an issuer agreement with Euroclear Sweden AB ("Euroclear 
Sweden") and in accordance with the provisions in the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositories 
and Financial Instruments Accounts (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring

--- Page 466 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
440 
 
av finansiella instrument) and the rules, regulations (including but not limited to the Regulation (EU) No 
909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities 
settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 
98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) and operating procedures applicable to 
and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden, as amended from time to time (together the "Swedish CSD Rules"). 
In connection therewith (i) in respect of Swedish Securities issued by CGMFL, CGMFL has entered into 
an amended and restated Swedish agency agreement dated 10 December 2021 and (ii) in respect of 
Swedish Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI will enter into a 
Swedish agency agreement (in any such case and as any such agreement is amended, supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, a "Swedish Agency Agreement") with Citibank Europe Plc (Sweden 
Branch) as Swedish Securities issuing and paying agent (the "Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agent", which expression shall include any successor Swedish Securities issuing and paying agent). Any 
references in the Conditions to "Fiscal Agency Agreement" shall be deemed to include, where the context 
so admits, reference to the relevant Swedish Agency Agreement. Copies of each Swedish Agency 
Agreement are or will be available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of 
the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. The holders of the Swedish Securities are deemed to 
have notice of all of the provisions of the Swedish Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
Securities which are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Finnish Securities ("Finnish 
Securities") will be issued and governed by a Finnish Securities issuing and paying agency agreement 
(as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement") to be entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer and Nordea Bank Abp 
as Finnish Securities issuing and paying agent (in such capacity the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agent, which expression shall include any successor as Finnish Securities issuing and paying agent and 
such successor shall be duly authorised under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing 
Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). Any 
references in the Conditions to "Fiscal Agency Agreement" shall be deemed to include, where the context 
so admits, reference to the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. Copies of the 
Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement will be available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. The holders of 
the Finnish Securities are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Finnish Securities Issuing 
and Paying Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
All capitalised terms which are not defined in the Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Issue Terms. 
1. 
Type of Security  
The applicable Issue Terms shall specify whether the Type of Security is Notes ("Notes"), (in 
the case of Securities issued by CGMFL only) Certificates ("Certificates"), Notes which are 
titled "Certificates", Italian Listed Certificates ("Italian Listed Certificates") or Italian Listed 
Notes ("Italian Listed Notes").  
In the case of Certificates, Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates, 
where applicable, as used in the Conditions, references to "Note(s)" shall be construed to be to 
"Certificate(s)" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. In addition, references 
to "redemption" and "redeem" shall be construed to be to "termination" and "terminate", 
references to "principal" and "principal amount", respectively, shall be construed to be to 
"invested amount", references to "nominal amount" shall be construed to be to "calculation 
amount", references to "settlement" and "settle" and "settled" shall be construed to be to, 
respectively, "termination" and "terminate" and "terminated", references to "interest", "Interest 
Payment Date", "Interest Period", "Interest Rate" and "Interest Underlying" shall be construed 
to be (in the case of Certificates) to "coupon amount", "Coupon Payment Date", "Coupon 
Period", "Coupon Rate" and "Coupon Underlying" or (in the case of Notes that are titled 
"Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates) to "premium", "Premium Payment Date", 
"Premium Period", "Premium Rate" and "Premium Underlying", and references to "maturity 
date" shall be construed to be to "final termination date", and all related expressions herein or 
in the Fiscal Agency Agreement, any Global Registered Security and any securities in definitive 
form shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 467 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
441 
 
Italian Listed Certificates are intended to be admitted to trading on (i) the multilateral trading 
facility of securitised derivative financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. (the "SeDeX") in compliance with SeDeX Market Rules (Regolamento del Mercato 
SeDeX) and any related instructions, as amended from time to time or (ii) on the multilateral 
trading facility of EuroTLX, Cert-X Segment managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "EuroTLX 
– Cert-X") in compliance with the EuroTLX Market Rules (Regolamento del Mercato 
EuroTLX) and any related instructions, as amended from time to time. Italian Listed Certificates 
are subject to the terms set out at General Condition 22 (Italian Listed Certificates) below. 
Italian Listed Notes are intended to be listed on the Electronic Bond Market organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("MOT") in compliance with the Rules of the Markets 
organized and managed by Borsa Italiana (Regolamento dei mercati organizzati e gestiti da 
Borsa Italiana) and any related instructions as amended from time to time. Application may also 
be made for Italian Listed Notes to be issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on 
the multilateral trading facility EuroTLX, Bond-X Segment organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. ("EuroTLX – Bond-X") in compliance with the Rules of EuroTLX Market 
(Regolamento del Mercato EuroTLX) and any related instructions as amended from time to 
time.  Italian Listed Notes are subject to the terms set out at General Condition 23 (Italian Listed 
Notes) below. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, French Cleared Securities and French Law 
Securities shall only be in the form of Notes. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
Subject as provided below, the Securities are issued in registered form ("Registered 
Securities") as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (in the case of Notes) in the Specified 
Denomination(s). 
Each Definitive Registered Security represents a holding of one or more Registered Securities 
by the same holder (as defined below). 
Notes may be Instalment Notes. 
Subject as provided below, title to any Registered Securities shall pass upon registration of the 
transfer in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and as provided in 
General Condition 3 (Exchanges and Transfers of Securities). Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Security shall be deemed to be 
and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Securities for the purpose of receiving payment 
thereof or on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Security shall be 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing 
thereon made by anyone but, in the case of any Global Registered Security, without prejudice 
to the provisions set out below. 
In the Conditions, "holder" means, in the case of Registered Securities, the person in whose 
name a Registered Security is registered PROVIDED THAT, in relation to any Securities 
represented by a Global Registered Security and in relation to Swedish Securities, Finnish 
Securities and French Law Securities, it shall be construed as provided below and 
"Securityholder" shall have a correlative meaning. 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Registered Security held on behalf 
of (i) Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or (ii) Euroclear France S.A. ("Euroclear France" and, such 
Securities, "French Cleared Securities"), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France)) who is for 
the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case 
of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) as the holder of a particular principal 
amount or number of such Securities (in which regard any certificate or other document issued 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, 
Euroclear France) as to the principal amount or number of such Securities standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of

--- Page 468 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
442 
 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Agents as the 
holder of such principal amount or number of such Securities for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest (if any) on such principal amount of such 
Securities or the termination amount of such Securities, for which purpose the registered holder 
of the relevant Global Registered Security shall be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, 
the CGMFL Guarantor and each Agent as the holder of such principal amount or number of 
such Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Registered 
Security, and the expressions "Securityholder" and "holder of Securities" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered owner 
or holder of a Global Registered Security, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be 
considered the sole owner or holder of the Securities represented by such Global Registered 
Security for all purposes under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Securities except to the 
extent that, in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures, any ownership rights may 
be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Interests in Securities which are represented by a Global Registered Security will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Relevant Clearing 
System and in accordance with General Condition 3 (Exchanges and Transfers of Securities) 
below. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means, as appropriate, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
DTC, Euroclear France and/or such other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, through 
which interests in Securities are to be held and through an account at which the Securities are 
to be cleared, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of Swedish Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 2 shall 
apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 2 in the event of any 
inconsistency:  
Swedish Securities are issued in dematerialised uncertificated book-entry form in accordance 
with the Swedish CSD Rules and in the Specified Denomination(s). 
No global or definitive Swedish Securities will be issued and the Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. The Swedish Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the Swedish 
CSD Rules. 
The person appearing in the register for the Swedish Securities kept by Euroclear Sweden on 
behalf of the Issuer (the "Swedish Securities Register") will be treated as the "holder" of the 
relevant Swedish Securities in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules and title to the Swedish 
Securities passes only by registration in the Swedish Securities Register. In the Conditions, 
"holder", in relation to a Swedish Security, means the person in whose name such Swedish 
Security is registered in the Swedish Securities Register. Where a nominee (Sw. förvaltare) is 
so evidenced it shall be treated as the holder of the relevant Swedish Security. 
The Issuer shall have access to the register of creditors (Sw. skuldboken) in respect of the 
Swedish Securities, unless the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Issuer shall not have such 
access. 
In the case of Finnish Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 2 shall 
apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 2 in the event of any 
inconsistency:  
Notwithstanding the above, the holder of a Finnish Security will be the person in whose name 
such Finnish Security is registered in a book-entry account in the book-entry system of 
Euroclear Finland Ltd ("Euroclear Finland") (including a nominee account holder, as the case 
may be) in accordance with Finnish laws, rules, regulations, decisions and operating procedures 
applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland ("Euroclear Finland Rules") and the terms 
Securityholder and holder of Securities shall be construed accordingly. Where a nominee is so 
evidenced it shall be treated as the holder of the relevant Finnish Securities.

--- Page 469 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
443 
 
Finnish Securities are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. No global or 
definitive Finnish Securities will be issued and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
Finnish Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the provisions of the Finnish Act 
on the Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)), other 
applicable Finnish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, 
Euroclear Finland. References in the Conditions to Global Securities shall not apply to Finnish 
Securities. 
In the case of French Cleared Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 2 
shall apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 2 in the event of any 
inconsistency:  
The French Cleared Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France. 
In the case of French Law Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 2 shall 
apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 2 in the event of any 
inconsistency:  
French Law Securities are issued in dematerialised form. French Law Securities must at all 
times be in book-entry form (inscriptions en compte) in compliance with Articles L.211–3 and 
R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. French Law Securities shall constitute 
"obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213–5 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
No global or definitive French Law Securities will be issued and the Conditions shall be 
construed accordingly. The French Law Securities will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. 
French Law Securities may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either: (i) bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France 
which shall credit the accounts of an accountholder (being any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with 
Euroclear France) (the "Euroclear France Accountholder"); or (ii) in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, at the option of the Securityholder in either 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear 
France Accountholder (and mirroring the inscriptions in the books maintained by the Issuer or 
the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable) or in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account held by Euroclear France and 
in the books maintained by the Issuer (or the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting 
on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable). 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the applicable Issue Terms and to the extent 
permitted by applicable French law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central 
securities depositary identification information of Securityholders of French Law Securities the 
name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address 
or, as the case may be, email address of such Securityholders. 
Title to French Law Securities will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211–3 and 
R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). 
No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211–7 
of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of French Law Securities.  
Title to French Law Securities shall pass upon, and transfer of such French Law Securities may 
only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France. 
In respect of French Law Securities, the holder will be the person whose name appears in the 
account of the Euroclear France Accountholder or of the Issuer or the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Securities.

--- Page 470 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
444 
 
3. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Securities 
(a) 
Exchange of Finnish Securities 
Finnish Securities of one Specified Denomination, as applicable, may not be exchanged for 
Finnish Securities of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Exchange of French Law Securities 
French Law Securities of a Series shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only (and not 
integral multiples of another amount). 
French Law Securities in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for French Law 
Securities in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif), whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
French Law Securities issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted for French Law Securities in bearer form (au porteur). 
French Law Securities issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the Securityholder, be converted into French Law Securities in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Securityholder 
shall be made in accordance with Article R.211–4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Securityholder. 
(c) 
Transfer of Registered Securities 
Subject to General Conditions 3(d) (Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Securities and 
any dematerialised Securities), 3(e) (Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Securities) and 
3(f) (Transfers of interests in Combined Global Securities) below, if Definitive Registered 
Securities are issued, one or more of such Registered Securities may be transferred upon the 
surrender of the Definitive Registered Security representing such Registered Securities to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Definitive Registered Security 
duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In 
the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Securities represented by one 
Definitive Registered Security, a new Definitive Registered Security in respect of the balance 
not transferred will be issued to the transferor. In the case of a transfer of Registered Securities 
to a person who is already a holder of Registered Securities, a new Definitive Registered 
Security representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the 
Definitive Registered Security representing the existing holding. 
Each Definitive Registered Security will be numbered serially with an identifying number 
which will be recorded in the Register. 
Subject to General Conditions 3(d) (Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Securities and 
any dematerialised Securities), 3(e) (Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Securities) and 
3(f) (Transfers of interests in Combined Global Securities) below, transfers of beneficial 
interests in a Global Registered Security will be effected by the Relevant Clearing System only 
in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and, in 
turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such Relevant Clearing 
Systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial 
interest in a Global Registered Security will only be exchangeable for a Definitive Registered 
Security as described in, and subject to, the provision of such Global Registered Security and 
only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of the Relevant 
Clearing System and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement. Transfers of a Global Registered Security registered in the name of a nominee for 
DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Global Registered Security, in whole but not in part, 
to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee.

--- Page 471 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
445 
 
(d) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Securities and any dematerialised Securities 
Interests in a Regulation S Global Security or any dematerialised Securities may not be sold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any person other than (1) the Issuer or its affiliates or (2) a Permitted Non-U.S. 
Purchaser in an offshore transaction in compliance with Regulation S. Furthermore, interests in 
a Regulation S Global Security may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Each Regulation S Global Security, and any Security issued upon 
exchange, transfer or replacement of such Regulation S Global Security, shall bear a permanent 
legend regarding such restriction on transfer.  
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Securities 
Interests in a Rule 144A Global Security may not be sold, pledged or otherwise transferred at 
any time to, or for the account or benefit of, any person other than (1) the Issuer or its affiliates 
or (2) a Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A and the securities laws of each 
State of the United States.  Each Rule 144A Global Security, and any Security issued upon 
exchange, transfer or replacement of such Rule 144A Global Security, shall bear a permanent 
legend regarding such restriction on transfer. 
(f) 
Transfers of interests in Combined Global Securities 
Interests in a Combined Global Security may not be sold, pledged or otherwise transferred at 
any time to, or for the account or benefit of, any person other than (1) the Issuer or its affiliates, 
(2) a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in an offshore transaction in compliance with Regulation S 
or (3) a Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A and the securities laws of each 
State of the United States.  Each Combined Global Security, and any Security issued upon 
exchange, transfer or replacement of such Combined Global Security, shall bear a permanent 
legend regarding such restriction on transfer. 
(g) 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
"Combined Global Security" means a certificate representing Registered Securities, the form 
of which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Combined Global Registered Note 
Security (a "Combined Global Registered Note Security" or a "Combined Global 
Registered NC Security"). 
"Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser" means a person that (i) is outside the United States at the 
time of any offer or sale of the Securities to it and is not a "U.S. person" as such term is defined 
under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; (ii) does not come within any definition of U.S. person 
for any purpose under the CEA or any rule, order, guidance or interpretation proposed or issued 
by the CFTC under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, a U.S. person shall include without 
limitation (a) any person who is either (x) not a "Non-United States person" as such term is 
defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for the purposes of subsection (D) 
thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons" or 
(y) not a "foreign located person" as defined in CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii) and (b) any person 
who is a "U.S. Person" or a "Significant Risk Subsidiary", or benefits from a "Guarantee", in 
each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA, as such rule may be 
amended, revised, supplemented or superseded); (iii) is not a "U.S. Person" as defined in Rule 
3a71-3(a)(4) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (iv) is 
not, and whose purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan 
assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other 
arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules 
or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

--- Page 472 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
446 
 
"Permitted QIB Purchaser" means a person that (i) is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the 
Securities for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and is aware that the offer 
and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; and (ii) is not, and whose purchase and 
holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit 
plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended ("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to 
Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an 
employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations 
substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
"QIB" means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
"Regulation S Global Security" means a certificate representing Registered Securities, the 
form of which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be (i) in respect of Securities which 
are Notes, a Regulation S Global Registered Note Security (a "Regulation S Global Registered 
Note Security"), (ii) in respect of Securities which are Certificates, a Regulation S Global 
Registered Certificate Security (a "Regulation S Global Registered Certificate Security") and 
each Regulation S Global Registered Note Security and Regulation S Global Registered 
Certificate Security, a "Regulation S Global Registered NC Security"). 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
"Rule 144A Global Security" means a certificate representing Registered Securities, the form 
of which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Security (a "Rule 144A Global Registered Note Security"). 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
(h) 
Compulsory Transfer 
The Issuer may: (i) compel any beneficial owner of an interest in the Securities to certify 
periodically that such beneficial owner is a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB 
Purchaser, as applicable; (ii) refuse to honour the transfer of an interest in the Securities in 
violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Securities; and (iii) compel any beneficial 
owner who is not a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB Purchaser, as applicable, 
to (A) sell its interest in the Securities to a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB 
Purchaser, as applicable, or (B) transfer its interest in the Securities to the Issuer or an affiliate 
of the Issuer, in each case, at a price equal to the least of (x) the purchase price therefor paid by 
the beneficial owner and (y) the fair market value thereof. Any purported transfer in violation 
of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Securities will be null and void ab initio and will not 
operate to transfer any rights to the transferee, notwithstanding any instructions to the contrary 
to the Issuer or any agent of the Issuer. 
(i) 
Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Securities 
In the case of a partial redemption of a holding of Registered Securities represented by a single 
Definitive Registered Security, a new Definitive Registered Security shall be issued to the 
holder to reflect the balance of the holding not redeemed. New Definitive Registered Securities 
shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Definitive Registered Securities to the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a partial redemption of a holding of Registered 
Securities represented by a Global Registered Security, the Global Registered Security shall be 
endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
(j) 
Delivery of New Definitive Registered Securities 
Each new Definitive Registered Security to be issued pursuant to General Condition 3(c) 
(Transfer of Registered Securities) or General Condition 3(i) (Partial Redemption in respect of 
Registered Securities) will, within three business days (being a day, other than a Saturday or 
Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the Registrar 
or the Transfer Agent to whom such form of transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of

--- Page 473 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
447 
 
such form of transfer, be available for delivery at the specified office of the Registrar or of the 
Transfer Agent (as the case may be) to whom such delivery shall have been made or, at the 
option of the holder making such delivery as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of 
transfer, be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Definitive Registered Security to 
such address as may be specified in such form of transfer. 
(k) 
Transfer Free of Charge 
In the case of Securities other than Swedish Securities, transfer and registration of Securities 
will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agents, but will be subject to the payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or 
the relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental 
charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(l) 
Closed Periods 
No holder of a Security may require the transfer of a Registered Security to be registered (i) 
during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Security or the due 
date for the payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of that Security, (ii) during the period 
of 15 days prior to any date on which Securities may be called for redemption by the Issuer at 
its option pursuant to General Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), (iii) after 
any such Security has been called for redemption in whole or in part or (iv) during the period of 
seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date (as defined in General Condition 8(a)(ii) 
(Registered Securities) below). 
No holder of a Swedish Security may require the transfer of a Swedish Security to be registered 
during a period which is the equivalent to any such closed period pursuant to the Swedish CSD 
Rules. 
(m) 
Transfers of Finnish Securities 
Title to Finnish Securities shall pass by transfer from a Securityholder's book-entry account to 
another person's, whether legal or individual, book-entry account within Euroclear Finland 
(except where the Finnish Securities are nominee registered and are transferred from one 
account to another account with the same nominee). Notwithstanding any secrecy obligation, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information (including but not limited to information on 
Securityholders) from the register (the "Euroclear Finland Register") maintained by Euroclear 
Finland as registrar (the "Euroclear Finland Registrar") on behalf of the Issuer in accordance 
with the Euroclear Finland Rules, and Euroclear Finland shall be entitled to provide such 
information to the Issuer notwithstanding any secrecy obligation. Furthermore, the Issuer shall, 
subject to regulations of Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from 
Euroclear Finland a list of the holders of Finnish Securities, PROVIDED THAT it is technically 
possible for Euroclear Finland to maintain such a list. The Issuer shall be entitled to pass such 
information to the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent or to authorise such Agent to 
acquire such information from Euroclear Finland directly. Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Securityholder of any Finnish Security shall 
be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, or its theft or loss 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the Securityholder. 
(n) 
Transfer of Swedish Securities 
All transfers of Swedish Securities and entries in the Swedish Securities Register will be made 
subject to the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear 
Sweden. Title to Swedish Securities will pass by transfer between accountholders of the 
Euroclear Sweden system, perfected in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(o) 
Transfers of French Law Securities 
Title to French Law Securities in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such French Law 
Securities may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the

--- Page 474 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
448 
 
Euroclear France Accountholders. Title to French Law Securities in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Securities may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or of the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as the case may be). 
4. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Securities 
The Securities constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu and rateably among themselves and at least pari 
passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Issuer, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(b) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Securities: only relevant for Securities 
issued by CGMHI 
The obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of 
the Securities issued by CGMHI constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(c) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Securities: only relevant for Securities 
issued by CGMFL 
The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of 
the Securities issued by CGMFL constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
5. 
Interest 
The provisions relating to interest due in respect of the Securities (if any) shall be as specified 
in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms.  
The accrual and payment of interest in respect of Credit Linked Notes will also be affected by 
the terms of Credit Linked Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes) and other provisions 
of the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, interest on Swedish Securities for 
which Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms shall be calculated from 
(but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date to (and including) the Interest Payment Date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, in respect of French Law Securities, 
any Interest Amount for which Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
shall, where applicable (to the extent permitted by law), bear interest in accordance with Article 
1343-2 of the French Code Civil, accruing only after such interest has been due for a period of 
at least one year. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
As stated above, all references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
in the Conditions including but not limited to this Condition shall be ignored in relation to 
Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL and all references to the CGMFL Guarantor 
and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this 
Condition shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 475 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
449 
 
(a) 
Final Redemption or Termination 
Unless otherwise provided in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and subject as provided, 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes, in the Credit Linked Conditions or, in the case of Index 
Skew Notes, in the Index Skew Conditions, or unless previously redeemed, terminated or 
purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a 
principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) will be redeemed or terminated (as 
applicable) at the amount (the "Redemption Amount") specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and/or the applicable Issue Terms 
on the Maturity Date or, in the case of a Note to which General Condition 6(h) (Redemption by 
Instalments) applies, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons and Redemption for Illegality 
(i) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If "Early Termination for Taxation Reasons" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, in whole, but not in 
part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), in respect of 
each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount), at the Early Termination Amount, if the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has or will become obligated 
to pay additional interest on such Securities pursuant to General Condition 9 (Taxation) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings 
promulgated thereunder) of Luxembourg (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or the United 
States (where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI) or the United Kingdom (where 
the Issuer is CGMFL) or, in any such case any political subdivisions or taxing 
authorities thereof or therein, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which any person (including any person acting as underwriter, 
broker or dealer) agrees to purchase the first Tranche of any of such Securities pursuant 
to the original issuance of such first Tranche, and such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, 
taking reasonable measures available to it; PROVIDED THAT no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, would be 
obligated to pay such additional interest were a payment in respect of the Securities 
then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this General 
Condition 6(b)(i), the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the 
case may be, shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent or the Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent in the case of Swedish Securities or the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent in the case of Finnish Securities or the French Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent in the case of French Cleared Securities and French Law Securities (i) a 
certificate signed by an officer of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as the case may be, stating that the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, so to 
redeem have occurred and (ii) a legal opinion, from lawyers of recognised standing in 
Luxembourg, the United States or the United Kingdom, as applicable, to the effect that 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has 
or will become obligated to pay such additional interest as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
(ii) 
Redemption for Illegality 
If "Early Termination for Illegality" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and:

--- Page 476 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
450 
 
(A) 
the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the 
Securities; or 
(B) 
the CGMHI Guarantor (in the case of Securities issued by CGMHI) or the 
CGMFL Guarantor (in the case of Securities issued by CGMFL) determines 
that the performance of its obligations in respect of the Securities under the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee (in the case of Securities issued by CGMHI) or 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (in the case of Securities issued by CGMFL), 
as the case may be,  
has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part for any 
reason (an "Illegality Event"), the Issuer may redeem the Securities early at, in respect 
of each Security (in the case of a Securities, representing a principal amount equal to 
the Calculation Amount), the Early Termination Amount by giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), 
provided, however, that if "Continuance of Securities Provision" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then: 
(1) 
if the Illegality Event (whether in and of itself or together with one or more 
other Illegality Events) renders the continuance of the Securities definitively 
impossible, then the Illegality Event shall be referred to as an "Illegality 
Event (Impossible Performance)"; or 
(2) 
if the Illegality Event (whether in and of itself or together with one or more 
other Illegality Events) does not render the continuance of the Securities 
definitively impossible, the Illegality Event shall be referred to as an 
"Illegality Event (Possible Performance)" 
and (I) (if "Illegality Event (Possible Performance)" is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms and an Illegality Event (Possible Performance) occurs or 
(II) if an Illegality Event (Impossible Performance) occurs, in either such case, the 
Issuer may redeem the Securities early at, in respect of each Security (in the case of a 
Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount), the Early 
Termination Amount by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices). For the avoidance of doubt, where "Illegality Event (Possible 
Performance)" is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Issuer shall not redeem the Securities early following the occurrence of an Illegality 
Event (Possible Performance).  
(c) 
Early termination following the occurrence of an Obligor Regulatory Event 
If "Early Termination for Obligor Regulatory Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, an Obligor Regulatory Event 
occurs, then the Issuer may redeem all or some of the Securities at, in respect of each Security 
(in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount), the 
Early Termination Amount by giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
For the purposes of the above, "Obligor Regulatory Event" means a determination by the 
Calculation Agent that, as a result of an enactment of, or supplement or amendment to, or a 
change in, law by a relevant governmental authority or a change in policy or interpretation, 
implementation or application of any relevant laws or regulations, including any accord, 
standard, official communication or recommendation of the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision, by any relevant governmental authority or the Issuer and/or where the Issuer is 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor 
(and/or, in each case, their respective Affiliates), in each case, on or after the Trade Date, the 
Issuer and/or where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or where the Issuer is 
CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor (and/or, in each case, in respect of paragraphs (i) and (ii) 
below, their respective Affiliates):

--- Page 477 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
451 
 
(i) 
has become subject to less favourable capital adequacy treatment with respect to the 
Securities; 
(ii) 
suffers or will suffer any increased costs in connection with the Securities, including 
any costs associated with hedging the Securities or costs in maintaining any applicable 
capital reserves in respect of the Securities; or 
(iii) 
would be materially restricted from performing any of its obligations under the 
Securities and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. 
(d) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries 
or Affiliates may at any time purchase Securities in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
Any Securities so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
(e) 
Early Termination Amount  
(i) 
For the purpose of General Conditions 6(b)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons and 
Redemption for Illegality) and 6(b)(ii) (Redemption for Illegality) above, General 
Condition 6(c) (Early termination following the occurrence of an Obligor Regulatory 
Event) above, 8(j) (Occurrence of a RMB Disruption Event) below, General Condition 
11 (Events of Default) below and any early redemption pursuant to the provisions of 
the Valuation and Settlement Schedule or any other Schedule in respect of which an 
"Early Termination Amount" in respect of each Security (in the case of a Note, 
representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) is specified to be 
payable (in each case, the "Early Termination Amount"), subject as provided, in the 
case of Credit Linked Notes, in the Credit Linked Conditions or, in the case of Index 
Skew Notes, in the Index Skew Conditions, such Early Termination Amount will be 
calculated as whichever of the following is specified as the Early Termination Amount 
in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of each such early redemption event, in each 
case payable as provided below:  
(A) 
"Fair Market Value";  
(B) 
"Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)"; 
(C) 
"Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity" as set out in 
General Condition 6(e)(iii);  
(D) 
"Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with Holder Put 
Option" as set out in General Condition 6(e)(ii) below;  
(E) 
"Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity with Holder Put Option" as set out in General Condition 
6(e)(ii) below; 
(F) 
"Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity" as set out in General Condition 6(e)(iii) below; 
(G) 
"Best of Amount"; 
(H) 
"Monetisation with Holder Put Option" as set out in General Condition 
6(e)(ii); 
(I) 
In the case of Zero Coupon Securities only and subject as provided in 
Underlying Schedule 14 (Credit Linked Conditions), the "Amortised Face 
Amount"; or 
(J) 
such other amount specified in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and/or 
in the applicable Issue Terms,

--- Page 478 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
452 
 
in each case, minus (in respect of Credit Linked Notes only) the proportionate share of 
any Unwind Costs and the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount (as defined in the 
Credit Linked Conditions), if applicable, PROVIDED THAT where the applicable 
Issue Terms specify "Additional Costs on account of Early Termination" to be not 
applicable, Securityholders will not be charged any costs or expenses by the Issuer on 
account of the early redemption of the Securities in any of the circumstances set out in 
the initial paragraph of this General Condition 6(e)(i). 
(ii) 
In the case of Securities subject to early redemption for which the Early Termination 
Amount is specified as "Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with Holder Put Option" (as set out in General Condition 6(e)(i)(D), "Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity with Holder 
Put Option" (as set out in General Condition 6(e)(i)(E)) or "Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option" (as set out in General Condition 6(e)(i)(H) above): 
(A) 
Following the occurrence of the relevant early redemption event, the Issuer 
shall notify the Securityholders (such notice by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders being the "Issuer's Notice of Early Termination") as soon 
as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices) that each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal 
amount equal to the Calculation Amount) will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date for an amount equal (I) in the case of "Principal Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) at maturity with Holder Put Option", the Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any), (II) in the case of "Principal Amount plus Option 
Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity with Holder 
Put Option", the Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) or (III) in the case of "Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option", to the Monetisation Amount, unless, in any such case, the relevant 
Securityholder makes a valid election to exercise the option for Fair Market 
Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement at early redemption. The 
Issuer's Notice of Early Termination may, but does not have to, include the 
Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement of the Securities 
on a day selected by the Calculation Agent on or prior to the date of delivery 
of such notice, and shall include the cut-off date for exercise of the option for 
Fair Market Value at early redemption, the date of determination of the Fair 
Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement in respect of such 
election selected by the Calculation Agent (which may fall after the date of 
such notice) and the Early Termination Date. 
(B) 
In order to make a valid election to exercise its option referred to in (A) above 
to redeem some or all of its Securities for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata 
Issuer Cost Reimbursement at early redemption, a Securityholder must: 
(1) 
if such Security is in definitive form and held outside the Relevant 
Clearing System, deliver, at the specified office of the Registrar at 
any time during normal business hours of the Registrar falling no 
later than the cut-off date for such notice set out in the Issuer's Notice 
of Early Termination: 
(x) 
a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of the Registrar (an "Early Termination Put 
Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an 
address) to which payment is to be made under this General 
Condition 6(e)(ii) and the principal amount or number 
thereof to be redeemed for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption and, if less than the full principal amount or 
number of the Registered Securities held by such 
Securityholder so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address 
to which a new Registered Security in respect of the balance

--- Page 479 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
453 
 
of such Registered Securities is to be sent, subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of General Condition 3(k) 
(Transfer Free of Charge); and  
(y) 
the Security or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent 
concerned that the Security will, following delivery of the 
Early Termination Put Notice, be held to its order or under 
its control; or 
(2) 
if the relevant Security is represented by a Global Registered 
Security 
and 
cleared 
through 
Euroclear 
or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, no later than the cut-off date set out in the Issuer's 
Notice of Early Termination, give notice to the Registrar of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, 
as 
applicable 
(which, 
on 
the 
Securityholder's instruction, may include notice being given by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, on 
behalf of such Securityholder to the Registrar by electronic means), 
in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, from time to time; or 
(3) 
if the relevant Security is represented by a Global Registered 
Security and cleared through DTC, no later than the cut-off date set 
out in the Issuer's Notice of Early Termination, give notice to the 
Registrar of such exercise in the form of an Early Termination Put 
Notice acceptable to the Registrar and irrevocably instruct DTC to 
debit the relevant Securityholder's securities account with the 
relevant Securities on or before the Early Termination Date in 
accordance with applicable DTC practice. 
In the case of Swedish Securities, an Early Termination Put Notice will not 
take effect against the Issuer before the date on which the relevant Securities 
have been transferred to the account designated by the Swedish Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent and blocked for further transfers by the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (such date will be the first date of a 
closed period for the purposes of General Condition 3(n) (Transfer of Swedish 
Securities)). The redemption procedures for Swedish Securities will be 
subject to the Swedish CSD Rules. 
Unless otherwise provided, Finnish Securities shall be subject to automatic 
redemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the 
Securities are Finnish Securities, the exercise of this option will not be 
effective against the Issuer before the date on which the relevant Finnish 
Securities have been transferred to the account operated by the Finnish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, which for the purposes of the relevant 
Finnish Securities is an account operator specifically authorised by Euroclear 
Finland and appointed by the Issuer in relation to a specific issue or issues to 
process and register issues in the system of the relevant central securities 
depositary and clearing institution, and blocked for further transfer on the 
early redemption date by the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. 
The right to require redemption of any Finnish Securities in accordance with 
this Condition must, notwithstanding the above, be exercised in accordance 
with the Euroclear Finland Rules and if there is any inconsistency between 
the terms set out herein and the Euroclear Finland Rules, then the Euroclear 
Finland Rules shall prevail. 
(C) 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, in respect of each Security 
(in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation 
Amount) for which:

--- Page 480 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
454 
 
(1) 
a valid election to exercise the Securityholder's option to redeem 
such Securities for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement at early redemption has been made, the Early 
Termination Amount shall be an amount equal to the Fair Market 
Value of the Securities on the date specified as such in the Issuer's 
Notice of Early Termination plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement, which amount shall be payable on the early 
redemption date specified as such in the Issuer's Notice of Early 
Termination; and 
(2) 
a valid election to exercise the Securityholder's option to redeem 
such Securities for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement at early redemption has not been made, the Early 
Termination Amount shall be (I) in the case of "Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with Holder Put Option", 
the Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any), (II) in the case 
of "Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued 
Interest (if any) at maturity with Holder Put Option", the Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) or (III) in the case of "Monetisation with Holder Put Option", 
the Monetisation Amount (if any), which amount shall be payable 
on the Maturity Date. 
In both cases under paragraphs (1) and (2) above, no other amounts in respect 
of principal, interest or termination will be payable following the date the 
Issuer's Notice of Early Termination is given.  
(iii) 
In the case of Securities subject to early redemption for which the Early Termination 
Amount is specified as "Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity" or 
"Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity", then such Early Termination Amount shall be payable on the Maturity Date 
and no other amounts in respect of principal, interest or termination will be payable 
following the date on which the Issuer's Notice of Early Termination is given. 
(iv) 
In the case of Securities subject to early redemption for which the Early Termination 
Amount is specified as "Fair Market Value", "Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any)", "Best of Amount", "Amortised Face Amount" or an amount calculated as 
specified in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and/or in the applicable Issue 
Terms, such amount shall be payable on the date specified in, or notified in accordance 
with the Conditions or, if no such date is so specified, on a date selected by the Issuer.  
(v) 
As used above, in respect of each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a 
principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount): 
"Amortised Face Amount" means:  
(A) 
where "Calculation Agent Determination of Amortised Face Amount" is 
specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent as payable on the Early Termination Date; or  
(B) 
where "Single Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(1) 
where "Linear Accretion" is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
RP x (1 + AY)y 
(2) 
where "Linear Accretion" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: 
RP x (1 + AY*y)

--- Page 481 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
455 
 
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"AY" 
means the Amortisation Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360 day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) in the relevant Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) 
Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days in the relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period and 
the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in the relevant 
Zero Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 365) or 
(iii) Actual/Actual (ICMA), in which case the Day Count Fraction 
will be determined as set out in the definition of "Zero Coupon 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)" below. 
For the purposes of this Paragraph (B): 
"Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)" means: 
(A) 
where the number of days in the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is 
equal to or shorter than the Zero Coupon Determination Period 
during which the Zero Coupon Calculation Period ends, the number 
of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Zero Coupon 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; or 
(B) 
where the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is longer than the Zero 
Coupon Determination Period during which the Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(I) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period 
falling in the Zero Coupon Determination Period in which 
the Zero Coupon Calculation Period begins divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Zero Coupon 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(II) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period 
falling in the next Zero Coupon Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Zero Coupon Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year. 
"Zero Coupon Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Security 
becomes due and repayable. 
"Zero Coupon Determination Period" means each period from (and 
including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Determination 
Date. 
(ii) 
Where "Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 482 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
456 
 
RP x  ∏(1 + AY)y
t
i=1
 
For the purposes of this paragraph (C): 
"AY" means, in respect of a Calculation Period (i) (where i = 1…t), the 
Amortisation Yield (expressed as a decimal) specified for such Calculation 
Period (i) in the Amortisation Yield Table under the heading "Amortisation 
Yield". 
"Calculation Period (i)" means each period from (and including) the relevant 
Start Date to (but excluding) the relevant End Date of such period, each as 
specified under the heading "Calculation Period" in the Amortisation Yield 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Calculation Period (t)" means the Calculation Period (i) during which the 
Relevant Early Termination Date occurs. 
"Relevant Early Termination Date" means the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which the Securities become due and 
repayable. 
"RP" means the Reference Price specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
"y" means, in respect of a Calculation Period (i), the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) in the 
relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or 
(ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days in the relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will 
be equal to the actual number of days in the relevant Zero Coupon Calculation 
Period and the denominator will be 365) or (iii) Actual/Actual (ICMA), in 
which case the Day Count Fraction will be determined as set out in the 
definition of "Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)" below. 
"Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)" means: 
(A) 
where the number of days in the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is 
equal to or shorter than the Zero Coupon Determination Period 
during which the Zero Coupon Calculation Period ends, the number 
of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Zero Coupon 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; or 
(B) 
where the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is longer than the Zero 
Coupon Determination Period during which the Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(I) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period 
falling in the Zero Coupon Determination Period in which 
the Zero Coupon Calculation Period begins divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Zero Coupon 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(II) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period 
falling in the next Zero Coupon Determination Period

--- Page 483 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
457 
 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Zero Coupon Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year. 
"Zero Coupon Calculation Period" means 
(A) 
in respect of each Calculation Period (i) ending prior to Calculation 
Period (t), the period from (and including) the Start Date of such 
Calculation Period (i) to (but excluding) the End Date of such 
Calculation Period (i); and 
(B) 
in respect of the Calculation Period (t), the period from (and 
including) the Start Date in respect of the Calculation Period (t), to 
(but excluding) the Relevant Early Termination Date. 
"Zero Coupon Determination Period" means each period from (and 
including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Determination 
Date. 
"Best of Amount" means, in respect of such Security, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as the greater of (i) the sum of the 
Minimum Return Amount plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement and (ii) the sum 
of Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement. 
"Early Termination Date" means, in respect of each Security and the Early 
Termination Amount payable in respect of such Security, a date notified by the Issuer 
to the relevant Securityholder in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) as 
the date for the payment of the Early Termination Amount, save as provided in General 
Condition 6(e)(ii)(C)(2) and General Condition 6(e)(iii). 
"Fair Market Value" means, in respect of such Security, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent which represents the fair market value 
of such Security (which shall include amounts in respect of interest) on a day selected 
by the Issuer or as otherwise required in accordance with these General Conditions 
(ignoring for the purposes of a redemption pursuant to General Condition 6(b)(ii), the 
relevant unlawfulness, illegality or prohibition) less (except (i) if the applicable Issue 
Terms specify "Deduction of Hedge Costs" to be not applicable; and (ii) in the case of  
any early redemption pursuant to General Condition 11 (Events of Default)) the 
proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying and/or 
related hedging and funding arrangements in respect of the Securities (including, 
without limitation, any options relating to any Underlying hedging the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities) and, for the purposes of determining the fair market 
value of such Security for the purposes of General Condition 11 (Events of Default), 
no account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor which shall be presumed to be able to perform fully their obligations in 
respect of the Securities. 
The "fair market value" of a Security is an estimated value and, in determining such 
value, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the following as applicable: 
(A) 
where applicable, the sum of two components relating to the Securities, (i) a 
bond component and (ii) an embedded derivative(s) or option component. The 
value of the bond component is expected to be determined based on the 
present value of the stream of cash payments associated with a conventional 
bond of an amount equal to the then outstanding aggregate principal amount 
of the Securities (or, in the case of Certificates, the aggregate of the 
Calculation Amounts in respect of such Certificates, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) discounted by a prevailing internal funding rate (which 
may be adjusted by a spread) for a term equal to that then outstanding of the 
Securities. The value of the embedded derivative component is expected to 
be determined based on internal pricing models which will take into account

--- Page 484 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
458 
 
certain parameters that the Calculation Agent determines appropriate 
(including, without limitation, factors such as expected interest and dividend 
rates; and the value, price or level and volatility of any relevant Underlying(s) 
or other reference item or any futures or options relating to any of them); 
and/or 
(B) 
the value of the Securities as determined using any such other factors as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant, including but not limited to the time 
remaining to maturity of the Securities, the interest rates at which banks lend 
to each other, the interest rate which the Issuer (or its Affiliates) is charged to 
borrow cash, if the Securities are linked to one or more Underlying(s) or other 
reference asset(s), the value, expected future performance and/or volatility of 
such Underlying(s) or other reference asset(s) and any other information the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant (including, but not limited to the 
circumstances that resulted in the events causing such redemption). 
Such values, along (save where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Deduction of 
Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs" as not applicable) with deductions for 
any fees, costs or commissions in connection with the issue of the Securities and the 
cost of entering into any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements 
in respect of the Securities, are expected to have been applicable pricing factors taken 
into account at or around the trade date to enable the Issuer to determine the terms on 
which it can issue the Securities on the Issue Date and are therefore relevant factors in 
determining any Early Termination Amount.  
"Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" means an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the sum of (i) Fair Market Value and (ii) Pro 
Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement.  
"Minimum Return Amount" means, in respect of such Security, the currency amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such amount is so specified, the 
Calculation Amount. 
"Minimum Return Amount plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" means an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the sum of (i) the Minimum Return 
Amount and (ii) Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement.  
"Monetisation Amount" means, in respect of such Security, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Minimum Return Amount + (Option Value + Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement) x 
(1+r)n 
Where: 
"n" means the remaining term of the relevant Securities expressed in years, calculated 
from the date of the determination that the Securities will be early redeemed pursuant 
to and in accordance with the Conditions following the relevant early redemption event 
to the scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
"r" means the annualised interest rate that the Issuer offers on the date of determination 
that the Securities will be early redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Conditions following the relevant early redemption event(s) for a debt security with a 
maturity equivalent to the scheduled Maturity Date of the relevant Securities, taking 
into account the credit risk of the Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Option" means, in respect of such Security, the option component or embedded 
derivative(s) in respect of (i) the Security and/or (ii) the interest element relating to 
such Security which provides exposure to the Underlying(s) (if any), the terms of 
which are fixed on the trade date (as determined by the Calculation Agent) in order to 
enable the Issuer to issue such Security at the relevant price and on the relevant terms.

--- Page 485 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
459 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the bond component (if applicable) in respect of the 
Security is excluded from the Option. 
"Option Value" means, in respect of such Security, the value (if any) of the Option in 
respect thereof, subject to a minimum of zero, as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on such day and time as selected by the Calculation Agent at or around the time notice 
of early redemption is given by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent 
considers to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(A) 
market prices or values of any relevant Underlying(s) and other relevant 
economic variables (such as: interest rates; dividend rates; financing costs; 
the value, price or level of any relevant Underlying(s) or other reference 
asset(s) and any futures or options relating to any of them; the volatility of 
any relevant Underlying(s) or other reference asset(s); and exchange rates (if 
applicable)); 
(B) 
the time remaining to maturity of the Securities had they remained 
outstanding to scheduled maturity; 
(C) 
internal pricing models; and 
(D) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Option. 
"Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)" means, in respect of a Security, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as its principal amount plus accrued 
interest (if any); 
"Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity" means, in respect of 
a Security which is a Note, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as its 
principal amount plus accrued interest (if any), where such accrued interest is 
determined as the product of the principal amount, an overnight interest rate or an 
achievable market rate of interest for the Settlement Currency and the relevant day and 
a day count fraction customary for calculation of overnight interest in respect of the 
Settlement Currency, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially 
reasonable manner and acting in good faith.  
"Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) 
at maturity" means, in respect of such Security, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula 
Principal Amount + (Option Value + Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement) x (1+r)n 
Where: 
"n" means the remaining term of the relevant Security expressed in years, calculated 
from the date of the determination that the Securities will be early redeemed pursuant 
to and in accordance with the Conditions following the relevant early redemption event 
to the scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Principal Amount" means, in respect of such Security, the principal amount of such 
Security; and 
"r" means the annualised interest rate that the Issuer offers on the date of determination 
that the Securities will be early redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Conditions following the relevant early redemption event(s) for a debt security with a 
maturity equivalent to the scheduled Maturity Date of the relevant Securities, taking 
into account the credit risk of the Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" means, in respect of such Security, an 
amount equal to the product of the total costs of the Issuer (for example, and without 
limitation, structuring costs) paid by the original Securityholder as part of the original 
issue price of the Security and the Relevant Proportion, as determined by the

--- Page 486 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
460 
 
Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, if the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" to be applicable, the Early Termination Amount 
shall be the sum of the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms plus the Pro 
Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement. 
"Relevant Proportion" means a number equal to (i) the number of calendar days from, 
and excluding, the date of determination that the relevant Securities will be early 
redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the Conditions following the relevant 
early redemption event(s) to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date of the 
relevant Securities, divided by (ii) the number of calendar days from, and excluding, 
the Issue Date of the relevant Securities to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date 
of the relevant Securities. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If, in respect of Securities other than Swedish Securities or French Law Securities, Issuer Call 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may, having given the number 
of days' notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(i) 
not less than, five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than five days' notice to the Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Securities then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date in respect of 
each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation 
Amount) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule or the relevant Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s) or specified in the applicable Issue Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a principal amount or number not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of a redemption of some only of the Securities, the Securities to be redeemed 
("Redeemed Securities") will be selected, subject to mandatory provisions of Luxembourg law, 
individually by lot not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, in the case of 
Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities, and in accordance with the rules of 
the Relevant Clearing System (in the case of Securities cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the 
case of Redeemed Securities represented by a Global Registered Security. In the case of 
Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Securities will be published in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) not 
less than five days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
If, in respect of Swedish Securities, Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(a) 
not less than five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(b) 
not less than five days' notice to the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and 
Euroclear Sweden, respectively, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption and shall 
specify the Securities or the amount of the Securities as well as the closed period), redeem all 
of the Securities then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date in respect of each Security 
(in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Issue Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the

--- Page 487 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
461 
 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a principal amount or 
number not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The 
redemption procedures for Swedish Securities will be subject to the Swedish CSD Rules. 
If, in respect of French Law Securities, Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(a) 
not less than five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(b) 
not less than five days' notice to the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent who 
will give this notice to Euroclear France, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Securities then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date in respect of 
each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation 
Amount) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule or the relevant Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s) or specified in the applicable Issue Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a principal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of French Law Securities, the 
redemption will be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such French Law Securities 
in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed  by application of a pool 
factor and, in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Issue Terms, subject to 
compliance with any other applicable laws and any applicable stock exchange requirements. So 
long as the French Law Securities are listed and admitted on a stock exchange and the rules of 
that stock exchange or applicable French law and/or regulations so require, the Issuer shall cause 
to be published a notice specifying the aggregate principal amount of French Law Securities 
outstanding.  
The right to require redemption of such French Law Securities and French Cleared Securities 
must be exercised in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and if there 
is any inconsistency between the above and the rules and procedures of Euroclear France, then 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France shall prevail. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of holders of Securities 
If Investor Put is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the holder of any 
Security giving to the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) the number of 
days' notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, not less than 45 
days' notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Security on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date and at, in respect of each Security (in the case of a Note, representing 
a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount), the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule or the relevant Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s) and in 
the applicable Issue Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Security the holder of such Security must, if 
such Security is in definitive form and held outside the Relevant Clearing System, deliver, at 
the specified office of the Registrar at any time during normal business hours of the Registrar 
falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of the Registrar (a "Put Notice") 
and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition and the principal amount or number thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
principal amount or number of the Registered Securities so surrendered is to be redeemed, an 
address to which a new Registered Security in respect of the balance of such Registered 
Securities is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of General Condition

--- Page 488 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
462 
 
3(i) (Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Securities). If the relevant Security is in 
definitive form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by the Security or evidence satisfactory to 
the Paying Agent concerned that the Security will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held 
to its order or under its control. 
If the relevant Security is represented by a Global Registered Security and cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of such Security the 
holder of such Security must, within the notice period, give notice to the Registrar of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as 
the case may be, for them, as applicable, to the Registrar by electronic means), in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
If the relevant Security is represented by a Global Registered Security and cleared through DTC, 
to exercise the right to require redemption of such Security, the holder of such Security must, 
within the notice period, give notice to the Registrar of such exercise in the form of a Put Notice 
acceptable to the Registrar and irrevocably instruct DTC to debit the relevant Securityholder's 
securities account with the relevant Securities on or before the Optional Redemption Date in 
accordance with applicable DTC practice.  
In the case of Swedish Securities, a Put Notice will not take effect against the Issuer before the 
date on which the relevant Securities have been transferred to the account designated by the 
Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and blocked for further transfers by the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (such date will be the first date of a closed period for the 
purposes of General Condition 3(l) (Closed Periods)). The redemption procedures for Swedish 
Securities will be subject to the Swedish CSD Rules. 
Any right to require redemption of any Finnish Securities in accordance with this General 
Condition 6(g) must be exercised in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules and if there 
is any inconsistency between the terms set out herein and the Euroclear Finland Rules, then the 
Euroclear Finland Rules shall prevail. Unless otherwise provided Finnish Securities shall be 
subject to automatic redemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if 
the Securities are Finnish Securities, the exercise of this option will not be effective against the 
Issuer before the date on which the relevant Finnish Securities have been transferred to the 
account operated by the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, which for the purposes of 
the relevant Finnish Securities is an account operator specifically authorised by Euroclear 
Finland and appointed by the Issuer in relation to a specific issue or issues to process and register 
issues in the system of the relevant central securities depositary and clearing institution, and 
blocked for further transfer on the Optional Redemption Date by the Finnish Securities Issuing 
and Paying Agent. 
In the case of French Law Securities, to exercise this option the Securityholder must transfer, 
or cause to be transferred, such French Law Security to the account of the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent (in the case of French Law Securities in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif)) or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of French Law 
Securities in bearer form) and, in all cases, deposit with any French Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent at its specified office during usual business hours a duly completed Put Notice 
within the relevant exercise period. No Security so transferred and option exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of 
the Issuer. No such option may be exercised if the Issuer has given notice of redemption of the 
French Law Securities.  
The right to require redemption of such French Law Securities and French Cleared Securities 
must be exercised in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and if there 
is any inconsistency between the above and the rules and procedures of Euroclear France, then 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France shall prevail.

--- Page 489 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
463 
 
(h) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless otherwise provided in the Conditions or unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, if "Redemption by Instalments" applies, each such Security (each an "Instalment 
Note") shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms whereupon: 
(i) 
the outstanding principal amount of such Security shall be reduced by the relevant 
Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the principal amount of such Note, such proportion (the "Relevant 
Proportion")) for all purposes from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the 
Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall 
remain outstanding until the Relevant Due Date relating to such Instalment Amount; 
and 
(ii) 
where IA Adjusted Calculation Amount is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of the Securities: 
(A) 
each reference to Calculation Amount used to determine any Interest Amount, 
Non-Contingent Interest Amount, Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, payable in respect of such Security 
pursuant to the Conditions shall be deemed to be replaced with the IA 
Adjusted Calculation Amount; and 
(B) 
notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, if the Calculation Amount is 
used to determine any Interest Amount, Non-Contingent Interest Amount, 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, that is payable on a date corresponding to an Instalment Date on 
which an Instalment Amount is payable, then (i) such Instalment Amount 
shall be deemed to have been paid immediately prior to the payment of such 
Interest Amount, Non-Contingent Interest Amount, Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount or Redemption Amount, as the case may be and (ii) each 
reference to Calculation Amount used to determine such Interest Amount, 
Non-Contingent Interest Amount, Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, payable in respect of such Security 
pursuant to the Conditions shall be deemed to be replaced with the IA 
Adjusted Calculation Amount immediately thereafter. 
For the purposes of this General Condition 6(h), "IA Adjusted Calculation Amount" means, 
at any time, the Calculation Amount as at the Issue Date less the aggregate of each Instalment 
Amount or Relevant Proportion, as applicable paid in respect of the Securities prior to such 
time. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Securities purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor may be surrendered for cancellation, if the Securities are Registered Securities, by 
surrendering the Security representing such Securities to the Registrar and, if so surrendered, 
will, together with all Securities redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith. Any Securities 
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of any such Securities shall be 
discharged. 
French Cleared Securities and French Law Securities shall only be cancelled by being 
transferred to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. 
7. 
Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates 
This General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates) is only applicable where 
the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Type of Security is Certificates.

--- Page 490 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
464 
 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify whether the Certificates are European style Certificates 
("European Style Certificates") or multiple exercise Certificates ("Multiple Exercise 
Certificates") or such other type (including, without limitation, a combination thereof) as may 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and whether automatic exercise ("Automatic 
Exercise") applies to the Certificates. If Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Certificates must be exercised in Units and any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise 
Certificates in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
(a) 
European Style Certificates 
In respect of European Style Certificates, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, any European Style Certificate with respect to which no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in this General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in 
respect of Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time, on the Exercise Date (the 
"Actual Exercise Date"), shall become void. If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, any such European Style Certificate with respect to which no 
Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in this General Condition 7 (Exercise 
Rights in respect of Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time on the Actual 
Exercise Date and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-Money", 
shall be automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date and the provisions of General 
Condition 7(g) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. Any such Certificate shall otherwise expire 
worthless. 
(b) 
Multiple Exercise Certificates 
In respect of Multiple Exercise Certificates, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying 
in the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out 
in this General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., 
Luxembourg time on one or more Exercise Dates specified in the applicable Issue Terms (each 
an "Actual Exercise Date"), neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor shall have any 
obligations in respect of such Certificate in relation to such Actual Exercise Date. If Automatic 
Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice has been 
delivered in the manner set out in this General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in respect of 
Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time on an Actual Exercise Date and which, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-Money", such Certificate shall be 
automatically exercised on such Actual Exercise Date and the provisions of General Condition 
7(g) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. The Securityholders rights in respect of any such 
Certificate shall otherwise expire worthless in respect of such Actual Exercise Date. 
(c) 
Exercise Notice 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, Certificates 
may only be exercised following the delivery, or the sending by tested telex (confirmed in 
writing), of a duly completed exercise notice (an "Exercise Notice") in the form set out in the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from the Relevant Clearing 
System and the Certificate Agent during normal office hours) to the Relevant Clearing System, 
with a copy to the Certificate Agent. 
The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and shall: 
(i) 
specify the Series number of the Certificates and the number of Certificates the subject 
of the Exercise Notice and, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
number of Units the subject of the Exercise Notice; 
(ii) 
specify the number of the Securityholder's account at the Relevant Clearing System, to 
be credited with any relevant amounts due to the Securityholder in respect of each 
Certificate or Unit, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice; 
(iii) 
include an undertaking to pay all Exercise Expenses and an authority to the Relevant 
Clearing System, to deduct or convert (if applicable) an amount in respect thereof from 
any amounts due to such Securityholder in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, and/or

--- Page 491 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
465 
 
to debit a specified account of the Securityholder at the Relevant Clearing System, in 
respect thereof and to pay such Exercise Expenses; 
(iv) 
certify, that the Securityholder and the beneficial owner of each Certificate or Unit, as 
the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in 
the Exercise Notice) or as otherwise defined in the applicable Issue Terms and, where 
appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of 
selling restrictions under the securities, commodities and other laws of the United 
States of America as indicated and set out in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(v) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
(d) 
Verification of the Securityholder 
Upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Relevant Clearing System shall verify that the person 
specified therein as the accountholder is the Securityholder of the Certificates referred to therein 
according to the books of Relevant Clearing System. Subject thereto, the Relevant Clearing 
System will confirm to the Certificate Agent the Series number and the number of Certificates 
the subject of the Exercise Notice and, if applicable, the account details for the payment of 
amounts payable in respect of the Certificates. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Certificate 
Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. The Relevant Clearing System will on or before the 
Settlement Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms ("Settlement Date") (or in the case of 
Multiple Exercise Certificates, the final Settlement Date) or any other date specified in the 
relevant Exercise Notice, as the case may be, debit the account of the relevant Securityholder 
with the Certificates the subject of the Exercise Notice. 
(e) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall 
be made by the Relevant Clearing System, in consultation with the Certificate Agent, and shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Certificate Agent and the 
relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be 
incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to the Certificate Agent immediately 
after being delivered or sent to the Relevant Clearing System shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Relevant Clearing 
System, in consultation with the Certificate Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise 
Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the Relevant Clearing System and 
copied to the Certificate Agent. 
In respect of an Actual Exercise Date, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any Certificate (other than Multiple Exercise Certificates) with respect 
to which the Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set out 
above by the cut-off time specified shall become void. In the case of Multiple Exercise 
Certificates and an Actual Exercise Date, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice has been duly completed in the manner set 
out above by the cut-off time specified, the Issuer shall have no obligation in respect of such 
Certificate in relation to such Actual Exercise Date. 
(f) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of an Actual Exercise Date shall constitute an 
irrevocable election by the relevant Securityholder to exercise the Certificates specified on such 
Actual Exercise Date.   
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice (other than in relation to Multiple Exercise Certificates), 
the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Certificates the subject of such Exercise Notice. 
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of Multiple Exercise Certificates in relation 
to an Actual Exercise Date (other than the final Actual Exercise Date) such exercising 
Securityholder may not transfer such Certificate until after the Settlement Date in respect of

--- Page 492 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
466 
 
such Actual Exercise Date. After delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of Multiple Exercise 
Certificates in relation to the final Actual Exercise Date, such exercising Securityholder may 
not transfer such Certificates. 
(g) 
Automatic Exercise 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and the Certificates 
are automatically exercised as provided in this General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in respect 
of Certificates) then the delivery of an Exercise Notice shall not be required (save, except for 
Securities admitted to trading on the SeDeX or EuroTLX, where the Issuer notifies the 
Securityholders to the contrary) and the Certificates shall be terminated in accordance with the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Schedule. 
(h) 
Relevant Clearing System times and requirements 
All references herein to Luxembourg time and each of the procedures described herein are 
subject to any other relevant times and procedures as may be required by the Relevant Clearing 
System.  
In respect of Swedish Securities in the form of Certificates, Automatic Exercise shall apply and 
settlement will occur in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
Defined terms 
As used above: 
"Exercise Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Exercise Expenses" means, in relation to a Certificate, all taxes and/or expenses including any 
depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, which the Calculation Agent determines 
may be or would be, or would have been incurred in connection with the exercise and/or 
termination of the Certificates and/or any payment and/or delivery in respect thereof. 
"In-the-Money" means the Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Actual Exercise Date 
is greater than zero; as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
8. 
Payments 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this Condition shall be ignored in relation to 
Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this Condition 
shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
(a) 
Registered Securities 
(i) 
Payments of amounts in respect of principal or termination (which for the purposes of 
this General Condition 8(a)(i) shall include the final Instalment Amounts but no other 
Instalment Amount) in respect of Registered Securities (whether or not in global form) 
will be made, where applicable, against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Security at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or of the Registrar and in 
the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Payments of interest (which for the purposes of this General Condition 8(a)(ii) shall 
include all Instalment Amounts other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered 
Securities will be paid to the person shown on the register (A) where such Securities 
are in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose, a day on 
which the "Relevant Clearing System" is open for business) before the due date for 
payment thereof, and (B) where such Securities are in definitive form, at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the "Record 
Date"). Such payments will be made by credit or transfer to an account in the relevant 
currency designated by the holder with a bank in the principal financial centre of the

--- Page 493 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
467 
 
country of that currency or, if the currency is Euro, into a Euro account (or any other 
account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) notified to the Registrar by such 
holder. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Global Registered Security 
in respect of Securities denominated in a Settlement Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be 
paid by transfer by the Fiscal Agent to an account in the Settlement Currency of the Exchange 
Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement unless a holder has elected to 
receive payment in the relevant Settlement Currency in accordance with applicable DTC 
practice. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Law, etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of General Condition 9 (Taxation). No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Securities in respect of such 
payments. 
The holder of a Global Registered Security shall be the only person entitled to receive payments 
in respect of Securities represented by such Global Registered Security and the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor will be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Registered Security in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as the 
beneficial holder of a particular principal amount or number of Securities represented by such 
Global Registered Security must look solely to the Relevant Clearing System for his share of 
each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Registered Security. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Swedish Securities 
General Condition 8(a) (Registered Securities) shall not apply to Swedish Securities. Payments 
in respect of Swedish Securities will be made on the due date for payments to the persons 
registered as holders in the Swedish Securities Register on the fifth (5) Stockholm Banking Day 
(or such other date in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules), prior to the due date for such 
payment. 
In the Conditions, "Stockholm Banking Day" means a day on which Euroclear Sweden is open 
for business (including the making of payments) in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Finnish Securities 
General Condition 8(a) (Registered Securities) shall not apply to Finnish Securities. Payments 
in respect of Finnish Securities will be made on the due date for payment to the persons 
registered as holders recorded in the Euroclear Finland Register on the first (1st) Helsinki 
Banking Day (or such other date in accordance with the rules and procedures applied by 
Euroclear Finland from time to time), prior to the due date for such payment. 
In the Conditions, "Helsinki Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are generally open for business, including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits in Helsinki and on which Euroclear Finland and the 
relevant system in which the Finnish Securities are registered are open for business in 
accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
In respect of each Series of Finnish Securities, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a registrar 
which shall be the duly authorised Finnish central securities depository under the Finnish Act 
on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and a Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent 
duly authorised as an account operator (Fin. tilinhoitaja) under the Finnish Act on Book-Entry 
System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as 
amended)).

--- Page 494 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
468 
 
A Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent will be appointed by the Issuer and identified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
In relation to Finnish Securities, Euroclear Finland will act as the central securities depositary 
and clearing institution and the Issuer will appoint a Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent 
for Finnish purposes as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the relevant central securities 
depositary and clearing institution or the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, 
PROVIDED THAT the Issuer will appoint another central securities depositary and clearing 
institution or Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, each of them to be duly authorised 
under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). Each of Euroclear Finland 
and the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship or agency or trust with, the Securityholders. 
(e) 
Payments in respect of French Law Securities 
General Condition 8(a) (Registered Securities) shall not apply to French Law Securities. 
Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of interest, 
where applicable) in respect of French Law Securities shall (in the case of French Law Securities 
in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré)) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the 
relevant Euroclear France Accountholders for the benefit of the Securityholders and (in the case 
of French Law Securities in fully registered form (au nominatif pur)) to an account denominated 
in the relevant currency with a bank designated by the Securityholders and notified to the Issuer. 
All payments validly made to such Euroclear France Accountholders or bank will be an effective 
discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
A French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and (if applicable) a French Law Securities 
Registration Agent will be appointed by the Issuer and identified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In relation to French Law Securities, Euroclear France will act as the central securities 
depositary and clearing institution and the Issuer will appoint a French Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent for French purposes as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the relevant central securities 
depositary and clearing institution or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent or (if 
applicable) the French Law Securities Registration Agent. Each of Euroclear France, the French 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and (if applicable) a French Law Securities Registration 
Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
or agency or trust with, the Securityholders. 
In respect of any domestic issue of French Law Securities settled from a French Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent account situated in France, payments relating to such French Law 
Securities shall be made in Euro in accordance with Article 1343-3 of the French Code Civil. In 
respect of any non-domestic or international issues (emprunt émis à l'étranger) of French Law 
Securities settled from a French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent account situated outside 
of France, payments may be made in another currency. In such case, the method for translating 
into Euro any amount(s) denominated in a currency other than Euro payable under such French 
Law Securities shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(f) 
Appointment of Agents 
As applicable, the Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, each 
Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the 
case of Swedish Securities, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of 
Finnish Securities or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of French 
Cleared Securities and French Law Securities and (if applicable) the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent in the case of French Law Securities initially appointed by the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor, and their respective specified offices, are each

--- Page 495 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
469 
 
listed below or in the applicable Issue Terms. The Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, the Exchange Agent, each Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Determination 
Agent, the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Swedish Securities, the 
Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish Securities or the French 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of French Cleared Securities and French Law 
Securities and (if applicable) the French Law Securities Registration Agent in the case of French 
Law Securities act solely as agents or, as the case may be, registrars of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, 
any other Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent, the Registrar, the 
Exchange Agent, any Transfer Agent, the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the 
case of Swedish Securities, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of 
Finnish Securities or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of French 
Cleared Securities and French Law Securities and (if applicable and PROVIDED THAT only 
the Issuer may vary or terminate such appointment) the French Law Securities Registration 
Agent in the case of French Law Securities and to appoint additional or other agents (any of 
which may be the Issuer, an Affiliate of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, an Affiliate of the 
CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or an Affiliate of the CGMFL Guarantor) 
PROVIDED THAT the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor will at all 
times maintain: 
(i) 
a Fiscal Agent;  
(ii) 
at any time at which any Registered Security is outstanding, a Registrar; 
(iii) 
at any time at which any Registered Security cleared through DTC is outstanding, an 
Exchange Agent in relation thereto;  
(iv) 
at any time at which any Registered Security is outstanding, a Transfer Agent in 
relation thereto; 
(v) 
a Calculation Agent and a Determination Agent where the Conditions so require one; 
(vi) 
a Paying Agent having a specified office in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; 
(vii) 
at any time while any Swedish Security is outstanding, a Swedish Securities Issuing 
and Paying Agent authorised to act as an issuing agent (Sw. emissionsinstitut) with 
Euroclear Sweden;  
(viii) 
at any time while any Finnish Security is outstanding, a Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent authorised to act both as an account operator (Fin. tilinhoitaja) and issuer 
agent (Fin. liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) with Euroclear Finland;  
(ix) 
at any time while any French Cleared Security or French Law Security is outstanding, 
a French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent authorised to act as issuing and paying 
agent with Euroclear France and (if applicable) a French Law Securities Registration 
Agent for French Law Securities in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif); and 
(x) 
such other agents as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Securities may be listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, any Transfer Agent or the Registrar will promptly be given to the Securityholders 
in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
(g) 
Payment Days 
If, in respect of Securities other than Swedish Securities, any date for payment in respect of any 
Security is not a Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next

--- Page 496 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
470 
 
following Payment Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
In this paragraph, "Payment Day" means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Securities in definitive form only, the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(B) 
such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Business Day Jurisdictions" in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, if "Business Day Jurisdiction" is specified to be 
or include "T2" or "T2 Business Day", a Payment Day shall also be a T2 
Business Day; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Settlement Currency other than Euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Settlement 
Currency (which if the Settlement Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum 
payable in Euro, a T2 Business Day; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Global Registered Security denominated in 
a Settlement Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its 
nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with interests in such 
Global Registered Security) has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. 
dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not authorised or required by law or 
regulation to be closed in New York City. 
If, in respect of Swedish Securities, any date for payment is not a Payment Day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, Payment Day means a day which is a 
Stockholm Banking Day and: 
(A) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro) a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of such relevant currency; or 
(B) 
(in the case of a payment in Euro) a day which is a T2 Business Day. 
If, in respect of Finnish Securities, any date for payment in respect of any Finnish Securities is 
not a Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
"Payment Day" means a day which is a Helsinki Banking Day and a T2 Business Day (if 
applicable). 
(h) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in the Conditions is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a business day convention (a "Business Day Convention") 
and (x) such day would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day or (y) there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar months in which such date should occur, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) the Floating Rate 
Convention, (1) in the case of (x) above such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment or (2) in the case of (y) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) above shall apply mutatis 
mutandis, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next

--- Page 497 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
471 
 
day which is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
If "No Adjustment" or "not adjusted" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of a 
date, then if that date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, no adjustment will be made to 
that date. 
(i) 
Settlement Currency Disruption Event 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the 
Securities cannot be made by the Issuer in the Settlement Currency on any date on which 
payment is scheduled to be made under the Securities (a "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date") 
due to: 
(A) 
the imposition of laws or regulations by any Governmental Authority of the country 
for which the Settlement Currency is the lawful currency (the "Settlement Currency 
Jurisdiction") which (a) require non-residents of the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction 
to obtain permission from such central banking authority or other authority to obtain 
the Settlement Currency, or (b) otherwise restrict a non-resident's ability to obtain the 
Settlement Currency, or (c) otherwise regulate the purchase or holding of the 
Settlement Currency by non-residents of the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction such that 
costs are imposed in obtaining the Settlement Currency which would not be imposed 
in the absence of such regulations, or (d) has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, 
limiting or restricting the transfer of the Settlement Currency between non-residents of 
the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or (e) materially restricts non-residents from 
transferring the Settlement Currency from the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction to the 
country of incorporation of such non-resident; or 
(B) 
any Relevant Clearing System suspending or ceasing to accept the Settlement Currency 
as a settlement currency; or 
(C) 
the Settlement Currency's replacement or disuse or the Settlement Currency (or any 
currency into which the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction has converted, 
redenominated or exchange the Settlement Currency into or any lawful successor 
currency to the Settlement Currency) no longer being used by the government of the 
Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or for the settlement of transactions by public 
institutions within the international banking community; or  
(D) 
the illiquidity of the Settlement Currency in the relevant market; or 
(E) 
any other circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer (including but not limited to 
a natural or man-made disaster, armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour 
disruption), 
(each a "Settlement Currency Disruption Event") then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy 
its obligations to the Securityholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the 
Settlement Currency Disruption Event ceases to exist or (ii) making such payment in United 
States dollars ("USD") (such payment converted into USD by reference to such currency 
exchange rate displayed on such price source or otherwise as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine) on, or as soon as reasonably practicable (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) 
after, the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date. Any such delayed payment or payment in USD 
will not constitute a default and Securityholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any 
other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(j) 
Occurrence of a RMB Disruption Event 
If, in respect of Securities other than Index Skew Notes, "RMB Disruption Event" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and an RMB Disruption Event occurs, then the 
Calculation Agent may direct the Issuer to:

--- Page 498 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
472 
 
(i) 
postpone the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the 
Securities to the 10th Business Day following the date on which the RMB Disruption 
Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent, ceases to exist (such date of payment 
by the Issuer, the "RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date"); or 
(ii) 
pay any amount that is due to be paid in RMB under the terms of the Securities in the 
RMB Relevant Currency instead converted using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant 
RMB Determination Date. 
Alternatively, if Early Termination Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to the RMB Disruption Event, the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) 
of the Securities on a day selected by the Issuer, at in respect of each Security (in the case of a 
Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount), the Early Termination 
Amount by giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices).  
For the purposes of the above: 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan. 
"Renminbi" and "RMB" and "CNY" means the currency of the PRC. 
"Relevant Authority" means: 
(i) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(ii) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental 
or supranational body; 
(iii) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the jurisdiction where the 
RMB Relevant Currency is the lawful currency; or 
(iv) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in paragraph (i), (ii) or 
(iii) of this definition. 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency in respect of payments, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"RMB Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle payments in the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s), London and the principal financial centre of the country of the RMB 
Relevant Currency. 
"RMB Determination Date" means the day which is two RMB Determination Business Days 
before the date of the relevant payment under the Securities. 
"RMB Relevant Currency" means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page" means the screen page specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or any successor screen page or information provider thereto as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"RMB Settlement Centre" means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre

--- Page 499 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
473 
 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be 
Hong Kong.  
"RMB Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/RMB Relevant Currency exchange rate for the 
purchase of the RMB Relevant Currency with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi 
exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) for settlement in two RMB 
Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around the RMB 
Relevant Currency Valuation Time on the RMB Determination Date by reference to the RMB 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page. If such rate is not available, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the rate taking into consideration all available information which the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant, including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-
deliverable exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or elsewhere and the 
CNY/RMB Relevant Currency exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this definition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor the Paying Agents and all Securityholders. 
"RMB Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of (i) RMB Illiquidity, (ii) RMB 
Inconvertibility and (iii) RMB Non-Transferability.  
"RMB Illiquidity" means, subject as provided in the case of Credit Linked Notes in the Credit 
Linked Conditions, the occurrence of any event or circumstance whereby (i) the general 
Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, without limitation, the 
existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain 
sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under the Securities (or if applicable, any 
party to a Hedging Position (as defined in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule) cannot obtain 
sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under such Hedging Positions), or (ii) it 
becomes impossible or impractical for the Issuer (or if applicable, any party to a Hedging 
Position) to obtain a firm quote of the exchange rate, in each case, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that 
has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or has the effect prohibiting, 
restricting or materially delaying the ability of, the Issuer (or, if applicable, any party to a 
Hedging Position) to convert any amount as may be required to be paid by the relevant party on 
any payment date in respect of the Securities or (if applicable) any Hedging Position) into RMB, 
other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of 
the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted 
by any Relevant Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any 
of their affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant party and/or their affiliates, 
to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the Issuer (or if applicable, any party to a Hedging Position) and/or 
any of their affiliates to deliver RMB between accounts inside the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) or from an account inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside 
such RMB Settlement Centre(s) (including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended) or from 
an account outside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account inside such RMB 
Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due 
solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates to comply with any law, 
rule or regulation enacted by any Relevant Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal 
for the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the 
relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, as applicable), to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation).

--- Page 500 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
474 
 
9. 
Taxation  
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this Condition shall be ignored in relation to 
Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. As stated above, all references to the CGMFL 
Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited 
to this General Condition 9 shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. 
or CGMHI. 
(a) 
The provisions of this paragraph (a) apply only where Citigroup Inc. is the Issuer 
The Issuer will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as additional 
interest to the holder of any Security or entitled person under the Citigroup Inc. Deed of 
Covenant such amounts as may be necessary so that every net payment on such Security or the 
Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present 
or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such 
payment by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) 
will not be less than the amount provided in such Security or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of 
Covenant to be then due and payable. However, the Issuer will not be required to make any such 
payment of additional interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for (A) the existence of any present or former connection between such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person (or between a fiduciary, settlor or beneficiary of, or 
a person holding a power over, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if 
such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person is an estate or a trust, or a member 
or shareholder of such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person is a partnership or corporation) and the United 
States, including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person 
(or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, person holding a power, member or 
shareholder) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been 
engaged in trade or business or present therein or having or having had a permanent 
establishment therein or (B) such holder's or beneficial owner's or entitled person's past 
or present status as a personal holding company or private foundation or other tax-
exempt organisation with respect to the United States or as a corporation that 
accumulates earnings to avoid United States federal income tax; 
(ii) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or personal property tax or any similar tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge; 
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by 
the holder or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Security or under the Citigroup 
Inc. Deed of Covenant more than 15 days after the date on which such payment became 
due and payable or on which payment thereof was duly provided for, whichever occurs 
later (the "Relevant Date"); 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding from a payment on a Security or under the Citigroup Inc. 
Deed of Covenant; 
(v) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld 
by any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, from a payment on a Security 
or under the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant if such payment can be made without 
such deduction or withholding by any other Paying Agent or the Registrar (if 
applicable); 
(vi) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for a failure to comply with applicable certification, documentation, information or 
other reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence, identity or 
connection with the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of or entitled person

--- Page 501 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
475 
 
under a Security or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant if, without regard to any tax 
treaty, such compliance is required by statute or regulation of the United States as a 
precondition to relief or exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental 
charge; 
(vii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on a holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person that actually or constructively owns 10 per cent. or more of 
the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Issuer as described in Section 
871(h)(3)(B) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), that is a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the 
Code, that receives contingent interest described in Section 871(h)(4) of the Code or 
that is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Issuer through stock ownership as 
described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code; 
(viii) 
a payment on a Security or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant to a holder or entitled 
person that is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of such 
payment to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member 
of such partnership or a beneficial owner would not have been entitled to the additional 
interest had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the holder or 
entitled person of or under such Security or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant; 
(ix) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any 
agreement entered into pursuant to such legislation or legislation enacted to comply 
with such an agreement;  
(x) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed in respect of any Security that 
the Issuer indicates in the applicable Issue Terms it will not treat as debt for United 
States federal income tax purposes; or 
(xi) 
French 30% flat tax imposed on interest and other similar revenues received by holders 
who are fiscally domiciled in France where the Paying Agent is established in France 
(or if the Paying Agent is established in an EU or EEA Member State and has been 
appointed by the tax payer to withhold, pay and report the flat tax on his behalf). 
(b) 
The provisions of this paragraph (b) apply only where CGMHI is the Issuer 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth 
below, pay as additional interest to the holder of any Security or entitled person under the 
CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee such amounts as may be 
necessary so that every net payment on such Security or the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or 
future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such 
payment by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) 
will not be less than the amount provided in such Security, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee to be then due and payable. However, the Issuer and the CGMHI 
Guarantor will not be required to make any such payment of additional interest for or on account 
of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for (A) the existence of any present or former connection between such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person (or between a fiduciary, settlor or beneficiary of, or 
a person holding a power over such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if 
such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person is an estate or a trust, or a member 
or shareholder of such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person is a partnership or corporation) and the United 
States, including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person 
(or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, person holding a power, member or 
shareholder) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been 
engaged in trade or business or present therein or having or having had a permanent 
establishment therein or (B) such holder's or beneficial owner's or entitled person's past

--- Page 502 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
476 
 
or present status as a personal holding company or private foundation or other tax-
exempt organisation with respect to the United States or as a corporation that 
accumulates earnings to avoid United States federal income tax; 
(ii) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or personal property tax or any similar tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge; 
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by 
the holder or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Security, under the CGMHI Deed 
of Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee more than 15 days after the date 
on which such payment became due and payable or on which payment thereof was 
duly provided for, whichever occurs later (the "Relevant Date"); 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding from a payment on a Security, under the CGMHI Deed of 
Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee; 
(v) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld 
by any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, from a payment on a 
Security, under the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
if such payment can be made without such deduction or withholding by any other 
Paying Agent or the Registrar (if applicable); 
(vi) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for a failure to comply with applicable certification, documentation, information or 
other reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence, identity or 
connection with the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of or entitled person 
under a Security, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee if, 
without regard to any tax treaty, such compliance is required by statute or regulation 
of the United States as a precondition to relief or exemption from such tax, assessment 
or other governmental charge; 
(vii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on a holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person that actually or constructively owns 10 per cent. or more of 
the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Issuer as described in Section 
871(h)(3)(B) of the Code that is a bank receiving interest described in Section 
881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, that receives contingent interest described in Section 
871(h)(4) of the Code or that is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Issuer 
through stock ownership as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code; 
(viii) 
a payment on a Security, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee to a holder or entitled person that is a fiduciary or partnership or other than 
the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with 
respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner would 
not have been entitled to the additional interest had such beneficiary, settlor, member 
or beneficial owner been the holder or entitled person of or under such Security, the 
CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee; 
(ix) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any 
agreement entered into pursuant to such legislation or legislation enacted to comply 
with such agreement;  
(x) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed in respect of any Security that 
the Issuer indicates in the applicable Issue Terms it will not treat as a debt for United 
States federal income tax purposes; or 
(xi) 
French 30% flat tax imposed on interest and other similar revenues received by holders 
who are fiscally domiciled in France where the Paying Agent is established in France

--- Page 503 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
477 
 
(or if the Paying Agent is established in an EU or EEA Member State and has been 
appointed by the tax payer to withhold, pay and report the flat tax on his behalf).  
(c) 
The provisions of this paragraph (c) apply only where CGMFL is the Issuer 
The Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth 
below, pay as additional interest to the holder of any Security or entitled person under the 
CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee such amounts as may be 
necessary so that every net payment on such Security, the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or 
future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such 
payment by Luxembourg (in the case of payments by CGMFL) or the United Kingdom (in the 
case of payments by the CGMFL Guarantor) or, in either case, any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein, will not be less than the amount provided in such Security, 
the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee to be then due and payable. 
However, neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor will be required to make any such 
payment of additional interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for the existence of any present or future connection between such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person and Luxembourg, (in the case of payments by 
CGMFL) or the United Kingdom (in the case of payments by the CGMFL Guarantor) 
other than the mere holding of the Security or being entitled under the CGMFL Deed 
of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee;  
(ii) 
any tax imposed by Luxembourg under the law of 23 December 2005, as amended;  
(iii) 
any Security, the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
presented for payment in Luxembourg;  
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge to which such holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person would not be liable or subject by making a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority;  
(v) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for 
the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by the holder 
or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Security or under the CGMFL Deed of 
Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee more than 15 days after the date on which 
such payment became due and payable or on which payment thereof was duly provided 
for, whichever occurs later (the "Relevant Date");  
(vi) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any 
agreement entered into pursuant to such legislation, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto; or 
(vii) 
French 30% flat tax imposed on interest and other similar revenues received by holders 
who are fiscally domiciled in France where the Paying Agent is established in France 
(or if the Paying Agent is established in an EU or EEA Member State and has been 
appointed by the tax payer to withhold, pay and report the flat tax on his behalf). 
(d) 
The provisions of this paragraph (d) apply to all Securities, regardless of the Issuer 
References in the Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Securities, any Instalment Amount, any Redemption Amount, any Early 
Termination Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) and the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule (and in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked 
Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions) and the provisions 
of the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include any Interest Amount 
and all other amounts in the nature of interest payable pursuant to General Condition 5 (Interest) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule (and in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit

--- Page 504 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
478 
 
Linked Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions) and the 
provisions of the applicable Issue Terms and (iii) in any context, the payment of the principal 
of (or premium, if any) or interest on any Security, such mention shall be deemed to include 
mention of the payment of additional interest provided for in this General Condition 9 to the 
extent that, in such context, additional interest is, was or would be payable in respect thereof 
pursuant to the provisions of this General Condition 9 and express mention of the payment of 
additional interest (if applicable) in any provisions hereof shall not be construed as excluding 
additional interest in those provisions hereof where such express mention is not made. Where 
the Valuation and Settlement Schedule (and in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit 
Linked Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions) and the 
applicable Issue Terms do not provide for the payment of interest, references to interest in the 
Conditions shall be disregarded and the Conditions construed accordingly. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Securities (other than New York Law 
Securities, Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities) shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within ten years (in the case of amounts in respect of principal or termination) or 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in General 
Condition 9 (Taxation)) in respect thereof. 
If the Securities are Swedish Securities, claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the 
Securities shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of 
amounts in respect of principal or termination) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. For the purposes of this General Condition 10, 
"Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, or such later date 
on which an interruption of the period of limitation (Sw. preskriptionsavbrott) is made in 
accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act 1981 (Sw. preskriptionslagen (1991: 130)). 
If the Securities are Finnish Securities, claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the 
Securities and any principal, interest or termination amounts shall be prescribed unless made 
within three years after the date on which such payment becomes due and payable therefor and 
thereafter any principal, interest or termination amounts payable in respect of such Securities 
shall be forfeited and revert to the Issuer. 
11. 
Events of Default 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this Condition shall be ignored in relation to 
Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this Condition 
shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
(a) 
"Event of Default" wherever used herein with respect to the Securities means any one of the 
following events: 
(i) 
default in the payment of any interest upon any Security when it becomes due and 
payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days; or 
(ii) 
default in the payment of amounts in respect of principal or termination of any Security 
at its due date or default in the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of any Security 
and/or Physical Redemption Assets in respect of any Credit Linked Note at its due date 
and, in each case, continuance of any such default for a period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant of the Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor in the Conditions or the Fiscal Agency Agreement (other than a covenant a 
default in whose performance or whose breach is elsewhere in this General Condition 
11 specifically dealt with) or the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 60 days after there 
has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, 
as the case may be, by the holders of at least 25 per cent. in principal amount or number

--- Page 505 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
479 
 
of the Outstanding Securities, a written notice specifying such default or breach and 
requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default" 
hereunder; or 
(iv) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 11(a)(iv) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER 
IS CITIGROUP INC. OR CGMHI: the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect 
of the Issuer by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under 
the United States Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other 
applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, 
or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other 
similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, 
or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such 
decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(v) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 11(a)(v) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CITIGROUP INC. OR CGMHI: the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case 
under the United States Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or 
any other applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other 
similar law, or the consent by it to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case 
under any such law or to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, 
trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or 
substantially the whole of its property, or the making by the Issuer of an assignment 
for the benefit of its creditors generally, or the admission by the Issuer in writing of its 
inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; or 
(vi) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 11(a)(vi) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER 
IS CGMFL:  
(A) 
any order is made by any component court or any resolution passed for the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the 
opening of any bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial 
liquidation, (insolvabilitié, liquidation volontaire or judiciaire), composition 
with creditors (concordat préventif de faillite), reprieve from payment (sursis 
de paiement), control management (gestion controlée), fraudulent 
conveyance (actio pauliana), general settlement with creditors or 
reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the rights of 
creditors generally) or the appointment of a receiver of the Issuer (including, 
without limitation, the appointment of any receiver (curateur), liquidator 
(liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), or verifier (expert vérificateur, juge 
délégué or juge commissaire)) save for the purposes of amalgamation, 
merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangement; or 
(B) 
the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor 
by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under the 
United Kingdom bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any 
other applicable United Kingdom bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar 
law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, 
sequestrator (or other similar official) of the CGMFL Guarantor or of the 
whole or substantially the whole of its property, or ordering the winding up 
or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order 
unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(C) 
the commencement by the CGMFL Guarantor of a voluntary case under the 
United Kingdom bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any 
other applicable United Kingdom bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar 
law, or the consent by it to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary 
case under any such law or to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, 
assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the 
CGMFL Guarantor or of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, 
or the making by the CGMFL Guarantor of an assignment for the benefit of

--- Page 506 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
480 
 
its creditors generally, or the admission by the CGMFL Guarantor in writing 
of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due;  
save that, in the case of each of (B) and (C) above, any action taken or occurrence in 
the context of a solvent winding-up of the CGMFL Guarantor solely for the purposes 
of a reorganisation, reconstruction, merger or amalgamation shall not constitute an 
Event of Default, PROVIDED THAT any company which, as a result of any such 
reorganisation, reconstruction, merger or amalgamation owns beneficially the whole 
or substantially the whole of the undertaking, property and assets owned by the 
CGMFL Guarantor immediately prior thereto shall carry on the whole or substantially 
the whole of the business carried on by the CGMFL Guarantor immediately prior 
thereto and in any event such reorganisation, reconstruction, merger or amalgamation 
does not result in any Securities becoming repayable or redeemable or to be terminated 
or the CGMFL Guarantee to be extinguished in whole or in part in relation to any 
Securities; or 
(vii) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 11(a)(vii) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER 
IS CGMFL: the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the CGMFL 
Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect (except, for the avoidance of doubt, where 
this is a result of the CGMFL Guarantor becoming the Issuer pursuant to the 
Conditions). For the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of this provision, the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee shall be deemed not to have ceased to be in full force and effect in 
circumstances where there is a consolidation or merger of the CGMFL Guarantor in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger) or where a 
substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor is effected in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor). 
(b) 
If an Event of Default with respect to the Securities at the time Outstanding occurs and is 
continuing, then in every such case the holders of not less than 25 per cent. in principal amount 
or number of the Outstanding Securities may declare the Securities, by a notice in writing to the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and the Fiscal Agent, to be immediately 
due and payable, whereupon each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal 
amount equal to the Calculation Amount) shall become due and repayable at the Early 
Termination Amount. Upon such payment in respect of any Security, all obligations of the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of such Security shall be 
discharged.  
(c) 
"Outstanding" when used with respect to the Securities, means, as of the date of determination, 
all Securities authenticated and delivered under the Conditions prior to such date, except: 
(i) 
Securities cancelled by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar or delivered to the Fiscal 
Agent or the Registrar for cancellation; 
(ii) 
Securities or portions thereof for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary 
amount has been deposited with the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in 
accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement; provided, however, that if such 
Securities or portions thereof are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been 
duly given pursuant to the Conditions or provision therefor satisfactory to the Fiscal 
Agent has been made; and 
(iii) 
Securities in exchange for or in lieu of which other Securities have been authenticated 
and delivered pursuant to the Conditions, other than any such Securities in respect of 
which there shall have been presented to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar proof 
satisfactory to it that such Securities are held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands 
such Securities are valid obligations of the Issuer, 
provided, however, that in determining whether the holders of the requisite principal amount or 
number of Securities Outstanding have performed any act hereunder, Securities owned by the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or any person directly or indirectly 
controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control of the Issuer, the CGMHI

--- Page 507 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
481 
 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding. 
Securities so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the 
pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar the pledgee's right to 
act with respect to such Securities and that the pledgee is not the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
or the CGMFL Guarantor or any person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or 
under direct or indirect common control of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor.  
12. 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of holders of 
Securities (including Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities) to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Securities (including 
the Conditions insofar as the same may apply to the Securities), the relevant Deed of Covenant, 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, as they relate 
to the Securities. The Fiscal Agency Agreement provides that (a) a resolution passed at a 
meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement by a majority 
consisting of not less than three-quarters of the votes cast on such resolution, (b) a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of all the Securityholders, or (c) consent given by way of 
electronic consents through the relevant Clearing System(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal 
Agent) by or on behalf of all the Securityholders, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders. An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at 
any such meeting shall be binding on all the holders of the Securities, whether present or not, 
except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity 
or redemption of the Securities, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
(ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount or number of the Securities, the Early Termination 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Merger Redemption Amount (as defined in the 
Credit Linked Conditions), the Substitution Event Redemption Amount (as defined in the Credit 
Linked Conditions), the Redemption Amount, any Instalment Amount, any Entitlement or any 
Physical Redemption Assets or any other amount payable or deliverable on redemption of the 
Securities, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Securities or to vary the 
method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest, (iv) if a Minimum Interest 
Rate and/or a Maximum Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, to reduce any 
such Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate, (v) to change any method of calculating the 
Early Termination Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Merger Redemption 
Amount (as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), the Substitution Event Redemption 
Amount (as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), the Redemption Amount, or any 
Instalment Amount, any Entitlement or any Physical Redemption Assets or any other amount 
payable or deliverable on redemption of the Securities, (vi) to change the currency or currencies 
of payment of the Securities, (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at 
any meeting of holders of Securities or any adjournment thereof or the majority required to pass 
the Extraordinary Resolution or (viii) to take any steps which as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the 
special quorum provisions apply, will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the holders of 
Securities (or at any adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum (provided for in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement) is present. 
If a holder of Swedish Securities held through a nominee (a "Swedish Indirect 
Securityholder") attends the meeting (in person or through a duly authorised agent) and shows 
a certificate from the relevant nominee showing that such Swedish Indirect Securityholder on 
the fifth (5th) Stockholm Business Day prior to the meeting was a holder of Swedish Securities, 
the Swedish Indirect Securityholder shall be regarded as the holder of such Swedish Securities 
for the purposes of this General Condition 12. 
In connection with a meeting of holders of such Swedish Securities, the Swedish Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent shall, to the fullest extent permitted under the Swedish CSD Rules, 
have access to the CSD Register (Sw. avstämningsregistret) for the Swedish Securities.

--- Page 508 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
482 
 
The Issuer shall notify Euroclear Finland of meetings of holders of Finnish Securities no later 
than eight Helsinki Banking Days before the meeting. The notification shall include the time 
and place of the meeting, its agenda, record date (if applicable) as well as instructions on how 
to participate in the meeting. The Issuer shall notify Euroclear Finland of any decisions by the 
meeting without undue delay.  
Securityholders holding Finnish Securities through a nominee in the Euroclear Finland register 
shall before participating in the meeting in person or through a duly authorised agent register 
their holdings in the temporary shareholder register in accordance with the Euroclear Finland 
Rules and Euroclear Finland CEO decisions. 
In the case of French Law Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 12(a) 
below shall apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions. 
In this General Condition : 
• 
"Written Decision" means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on behalf 
of the Securityholders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the French 
Law Securities outstanding. References to a Written Decision include, unless the 
context otherwise requires, a resolution approved by Electronic Consent;  
• 
References to a "General Meeting" are to a general meeting of Securityholders of all 
Tranches of a single Series and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any 
adjourned meeting thereof;  
• 
"Resolution" means a resolution adopted (i) at a General Meeting in accordance with 
the quorum and voting rules described in this General Condition or (ii) pursuant to a 
Written Decision; and 
• 
References to "French Law Securities" and "Securityholders" are only to the French 
Law Securities of the Series in respect of which a General Meeting has been, or is to 
be, called, and to the French Law Securities of the Series in respect of which a Written 
Decision has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Securities (excluding, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer), respectively. 
Full Masse 
In respect of French domestic issues of French Law Securities with a Specified Denomination 
of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or for 
which the minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is less than EUR100,000 
(or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the applicable Issue Terms shall 
specify "Full Masse" with respect to "Representation of Securityholders / Masse". "Full Masse" 
may also be specified in respect of French Law Securities with a Specified Denomination of at 
least EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or for which 
the minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or are issued outside France ("à 
l'étranger"). If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" with respect to "Representation 
of Securityholders / Masse" the following provisions of this General Condition 12(a) shall apply 
with respect to the full provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse (in 
each case, the "Masse"). In this case, the Securityholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse in 
accordance with the full provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse. 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the "Representative") and in part through a General Meeting of the Securityholders.  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Securityholders, shall exercise the 
common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue 
respectively with respect to the French Law Securities. The provisions of the French

--- Page 509 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
483 
 
Code de commerce relating to the Masse shall apply, as completed by, and subject to, 
the provisions of this Condition 12(a). 
(ii) 
Representative 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality who 
agrees to perform such a function. However, the following persons may not be chosen 
as Representatives in respect of Article L.228-49 of the French Code de commerce: 
(A) 
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration), 
their Supervisory Board (Conseil de surveillance), its general managers 
(directeurs généraux), its statutory auditors, its employees as well as its 
ascendants, descendants and spouse; 
(B) 
the Guarantor, and more generally companies guaranteeing all or part of the 
obligations of the Issuer, their respective managers (gérants), general 
managers (directeurs généraux), members of their Board of Directors 
(Conseil d'administration), Executive Board (Directoire), or Supervisory 
Board (Conseil de surveillance), their statutory auditors, or employees as well 
as their ascendants, descendants and spouse; 
(C) 
companies holding ten per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer or 
companies having ten per cent. or more of their share capital held by the 
Issuer; or 
(D) 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been 
deprived of the right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in 
whatever capacity. 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and 
addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of French Law Securities will be the Representative of the single 
Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its 
functions or duties as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of death, 
retirement or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, a further 
alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses 
of the Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer 
and the specified offices of any of the relevant Agents. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General 
Meeting) have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend 
the common interest of the Securityholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Securityholders or initiated by them, must be brought 
by or against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
The Representative may delegate his powers to a third party, subject to Articles L. 228- 
49, L. 228-62 and L. 228-63 of the French Code de commerce.

--- Page 510 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
484 
 
(iv) 
General Meeting 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of 
each Securityholder of French Law Securities to participate in General Meetings will 
be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Euroclear France 
Accountholder of the name of such Securityholder of French Law Securities, at 0:00, 
Paris time, on the second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting 
of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, 
notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date 
of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five days on second convocation. 
Each Securityholder of French Law Securities has the right to participate in a General 
Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence, and in accordance with Article L.228-
61 of the French Code de commerce, by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of the participating Securityholders.  
Each French Law Security carries the right to one vote. 
(v) 
Written Decision and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de Commerce, the Issuer shall be 
entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a decision from 
the Securityholders by way of a Written Decision. Subject to the following sentence, a 
Written Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Securityholders. Pursuant to 
Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de Commerce, approval of a Written Decision 
may also be given by way of electronic communication ("Electronic Consent"). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under General Condition 15 (Notices) not less 
than five days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Decision (the 
"Written Decision Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Decision will 
contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Securityholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed 
Written Decision. Securityholders expressing their approval or rejection before the 
Written Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of their French Law Securities 
until after the Written Decision Date. 
Contractual Masse  
In respect of (i) issues of French Law Securities with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or for which the 
minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (ii) issued outside France ("à 
l'étranger"), if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Contractual Masse" the  Securityholders 
will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a single Masse in accordance with this General Condition 12(a). The Masse 
will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse 
PROVIDED THAT Article L. 228-65 I 3° shall not apply in the event of a transfer of assets 
from the Issuer to any fully consolidated subsidiary, and with the exception of Articles L.228-
48, L.228-65 sub-paragraphs 1°, 4° and 6° of I and II, R.228-63 and R.228-69 and further subject 
to provisions below.  
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a Representative 
and in part through a General Meeting.

--- Page 511 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
485 
 
(ii) 
Representative 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality who 
agrees to perform such a function. However, the following persons may not be chosen 
as Representatives in respect of Article L.228-49 of the French Code de commerce: 
(A) 
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration), 
their Supervisory Board (Conseil de surveillance), its general managers 
(directeurs généraux), its statutory auditors, its employees as well as its 
ascendants, descendants and spouse; 
(B) 
the Guarantor, and more generally companies guaranteeing all or part of the 
obligations of the Issuer, their respective managers (gérants), general 
managers (directeurs généraux), members of their Board of Directors 
(Conseil d'administration), Executive Board (Directoire), or Supervisory 
Board (Conseil de surveillance), their statutory auditors, or employees as well 
as their ascendants, descendants and spouse; 
(C) 
companies holding ten per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer or 
companies having ten per cent. or more of their share capital held by the 
Issuer; or 
(D) 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been 
deprived of the right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in 
whatever capacity. 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and 
addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of French Law Securities will be the Representative of the single 
Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its 
functions or duties as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of death, 
retirement or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, a further 
alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses 
of the Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer 
and the specified offices of any of the relevant Agents. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General 
Meeting) have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend 
the common interest of the Securityholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Securityholders or initiated by them, must be brought 
by or against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
The Representative may delegate his powers to a third party, subject to Articles L. 228- 
49, L. 228-62 and L. 228-63 of the French Code de commerce. 
(iv) 
General Meeting 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of 
each Securityholder of French Law Securities to participate in General Meetings will

--- Page 512 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
486 
 
be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Euroclear France 
Accountholder of the name of such Securityholder of French Law Securities at 0:00, 
Paris time, on the second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting 
of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, 
notice of date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date 
of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five days on second convocation. 
Each Securityholder of French Law Securities has the right to participate in a General 
Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence, and in accordance with Article L.228-
61 of the French Code de commerce, by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of the participating Securityholders.  
Each French Law Security carries the right to one vote. 
(v) 
Written Decision and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de Commerce, the Issuer shall be 
entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a decision from 
the Securityholders by way of a Written Decision. Subject to the following sentence, a 
Written Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Securityholders. Pursuant to 
Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de Commerce, approval of a Written Decision 
may also be given by way of Electronic Consent. 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under General Condition 15 (Notices) not less 
than five days prior to the Written Decision Date. Notices seeking the approval of a 
Written Decision will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied 
with by the Securityholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such 
proposed Written Decision. Securityholders expressing their approval or rejection 
before the Written Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of their French Law 
Securities until after the Written Decision Date. 
Contractual Representation of Securityholders / No Masse 
In respect of (i) issues of French Law Securities with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or for which the 
minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (ii) issued outside of France ("à 
l'étranger"), if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Contractual Representation of 
Securityholders / No Masse" with respect to "Representation of Securityholders / Masse", the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier: 
(A) 
the Securityholders shall not be grouped in a Masse having separate legal 
personality and acting in part through a Representative (représentant de la 
masse) and in part through General Meetings; 
(B) 
however, the following provisions of the French Code de commerce shall 
apply: Articles L.228-46-1, L.228-57, L.228-61 (with the exception of the 
first paragraph thereof), L.228-65 (with the exception of (i) sub-paragraphs 
1°, 3°, 4° and 6° of paragraph I and (ii) paragraph II), L.228-66, L.228-67, 
L.228-76, L.228-88, R.228-65 to R.228-68, and R.228-70 to R.228-75 of the 
French Code de commerce, and

--- Page 513 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
487 
 
(C) 
whenever the words "de la masse", "d'une même masse", "par les 
représentants de la masse", "d'une masse", "et au représentant de la masse", 
"de la masse intéressée", "dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée" or "par 
un représentant de la masse", appear in those provisions, they shall be 
deemed to be deleted, and subject to the following provisions of this General 
Condition 12(a). 
(ii) 
Powers of General Meetings 
Subject to this General Condition 12(a), the General Meeting may deliberate with 
respect to any matter that relates to the common rights (intérêts communs) of the 
Securityholders. 
The General Meeting may deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of 
the Conditions including any proposal, (A) whether for a compromise or settlement, 
regarding rights which are the subject of litigation or in respect of which a judicial 
decision has been rendered, and (B) relating to a total or partial waiver of the 
guarantees granted to the Securityholders, the deferral of any interest payment and the 
modification of the amortisation or interest rate provisions. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the General Meeting may not establish any inequality of treatment between 
Securityholders. 
The Securityholder may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the name of all 
Securityholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation 
of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Article L.228-85 of the French Code de commerce, in the absence of such 
appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its 
own initiative or at the request of any Securityholder, will ask the court to appoint a 
representative of the Securityholders who will file the proof of Securityholders' claim. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a General Meeting has no power to deliberate on any 
proposal relating to (a) the modification of the corporate object or form of the Issuer, 
(b) the issue of securities benefiting from a security over assets (surêté réelle) which 
will not benefit the Securityholders, (c) the potential merger (fusion) or demerger 
(scission) including partial transfers of assets (apports partiels d'actifs) under the 
demerger regime of or by the Issuer or (d) the transfer of the registered office of a 
European Company (Societas Europaea – SE) to a different Member State of the 
European Union. 
However, each Securityholder is a creditor of the Issuer and as such enjoys, pursuant 
to Article L.213-6-3 IV of the French Code monétaire et financier, all the rights and 
prerogatives of individual creditors in the circumstances described above, including 
any right to object (former opposition). 
Each Securityholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer for the defence 
of its own interests; such a legal action does not require the authorisation of the General 
Meeting. 
(iii) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more 
Securityholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (by number) of the French Law 
Securities outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the 
General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within two months 
after such demand, the Securityholders may commission one of their members to 
petition a competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the 
General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published 
as provided under General Condition 15 (Notices), not less than fifteen days prior to

--- Page 514 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
488 
 
the date of such General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five days prior 
to the date of such General Meeting on second convocation. 
(iv) 
Arrangements for Voting 
Each Securityholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by 
proxy, by correspondence or by video conference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of a participating Securityholder.  
Each French Law Security carries the right to one vote.  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of 
each Securityholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries 
in the books of the relevant Euroclear France Accountholder of the name of such 
Securityholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second business day preceding the date 
set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting.  
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in General Condition 15 (Notices). 
(v) 
Chairman 
The Securityholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of them to be the 
chairman (the "Chairman") by a simple majority of votes present or represented at 
such General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of a quorum at the time of such 
vote). If the Securityholders fail to designate a Chairman, the Securityholder holding 
or representing the highest number of French Law Securities and present at such 
meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a 
Chairman. The Chairman appointed by the Issuer need not be a Securityholder. The 
Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the Chairman of the 
original meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(vi) 
Quorum and Voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Securityholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (by number) of the French Law Securities 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at 
meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Securityholders attending 
(including by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing 
the identification of participating Securityholders) such General Meetings or 
represented thereat. 
(vii) 
Written Decision and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be 
entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a resolution from 
the Securityholders by way of a Written Decision. Subject to the paragraph below, a 
Written Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Securityholders. Pursuant to 
Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Decision 
may also be given by way of Electronic Consent. 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under General Condition 15 (Notices) not less 
than five days prior to the Written Decision Date. Notices seeking the approval of a 
Written Decision will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied 
with by the Securityholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such 
proposed Written Decision. Securityholders expressing their approval or rejection 
before the Written Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of their French Law 
Securities until after the Written Decision Date. 
(viii) 
Effect of Resolutions

--- Page 515 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
489 
 
A decision passed at a General Meeting or a Written Decision (including by Electronic 
Consent), shall be binding on all Securityholders, whether or not present or represented 
at the General Meeting and whether or not, in the case of a Written Decision (including 
by Electronic Consent), they have participated in such Written Decision (including by 
Electronic Consent) and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the decision 
accordingly. 
Information to Securityholders 
Each Securityholder will have the right, during (i) the 15-day period preceding the holding of 
the relevant General Meeting on first convocation, (ii) the 5-day period preceding the holding 
of the relevant General Meeting on second convocation or (iii) in the case of a Written Decision, 
a period of not less than five days preceding the Written Decision Date, as the case may be, to 
consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports 
which will be prepared in connection with such resolution, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Securityholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified 
offices of any of the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent during usual business hours 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Decision.  
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Decision, once approved, will be published in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
Expenses 
If "Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse" or "Contractual Masse" are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the 
Masse, including expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking 
the approval of a Written Decision, and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by the General Meeting or in writing through a Written Decision by the Securityholders, 
it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the 
French Law Securities.  
If "Full Masse" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Article L.228-71 of the French Code 
de commerce shall apply.  
Single Masse 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", the 
Securityholders of the same Series and the Securityholders of any other Series being assimilated 
to the French Law Securities of the said first indicated Series, in accordance with General 
Condition 12 (Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding), shall 
be grouped into a single Masse for the purpose of defending their respective common interests. 
The Representative appointed for the first Tranche of a Series of French Law Securities will be 
the Representative of the single Masse of that entire Series. 
Single Securityholder 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", if and for so 
long as the Securities of a given Series are held by a single Securityholder, the relevant 
Securityholder will exercise directly the powers delegated to the Representative and General 
Meetings of Securityholders under General Condition 12 (Meetings of Securityholders, 
Modifications, Determinations and Rounding), as the case may be, whether or not a 
Representative has been appointed. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Representative has been 
appointed while the French Law Securities of a given Series are held by a single Securityholder, 
such Representative shall be devoid of powers. A Representative shall only be appointed if the 
French Law Securities of a Series are held by more than one Securityholder. 
(b) 
Modifications 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor may make, without the consent 
of the Securityholders:

--- Page 516 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
490 
 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) to, as applicable, the Securities, the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Deed of Covenant, the relevant Swedish 
Agency Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, 
which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Securityholders (without considering the individual circumstances of any 
Securityholder or the tax or other consequences of such modification in any particular 
jurisdiction); or 
(ii) 
any modification to the Securities, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Deed of 
Covenant, the relevant Swedish Agency Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee, as applicable, which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of 
law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Securityholders and any such modification shall 
be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
Save as provided therein and subject as provided above, each Swedish Agency Agreement may 
be amended by agreement among the parties thereto and without the consent of any holders of 
the Securities. 
In the case of French Law Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 12(b) 
below shall apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions. 
The Issuer may from time to time amend the Conditions of any French Law Securities in 
accordance with General Condition 12(a) (Meetings of Securityholders). 
In respect of French Law Securities which have a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or which can be 
traded in amounts of at least EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the 
Issue Date), the Issuer may modify the Conditions of the Securities without the consent of the 
Securityholders to correct a manifest error. Notice of any such modification will be given to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). In other circumstances, the 
consent of a defined majority of Securityholders is required to make amendments. The 
Conditions of the French Law Securities contain provisions for Securityholders to call and 
attend meetings to vote upon such matters or to pass a written resolution in the absence of such 
a meeting. Resolutions passed at such a meeting, or passed in writing, can bind all 
Securityholders of French Law Securities, including investors that did not attend or vote, or who 
do not consent to the amendments. 
(c) 
Determinations 
Whenever any matter is required to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise 
decided upon by the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any other person (including where a matter 
is to be decided by reference to the Issuer or the Relevant Agent's or such other person's 
opinion), that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or such other person, as the case may be, in good faith 
and (i) where "Sole and Absolute Determination" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
its sole and absolute discretion or (ii) where "Commercial Determination" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in a commercially reasonable manner.  
The provisions above are without prejudice to the provisions in any applicable Schedule, which 
will prevail in relation to determinations thereunder in the event of any inconsistency. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, in respect of French Law Securities only, 
whenever any matter is required to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise 
decided upon by the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any other person (including where a matter 
is to be decided by reference to the Issuer or the Relevant Agent's or such other person's

--- Page 517 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
491 
 
opinion), that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or such other person, as the case may be, in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, including without limitation any such determination, 
consideration, election, selection or otherwise which is expressed in the Conditions to be in the 
sole and absolute discretion of the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any other person. 
The Relevant Agent or such other person may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of 
its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. The Issuer may delegate 
any of its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
All discretions exercised and determinations, considerations, elections, selections or other 
decisions made in respect of the Securities by the Relevant Agent shall (save in the case of 
manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders and (in 
the absence of wilful default or bad faith) neither the Issuer nor the Relevant Agent shall have 
any responsibility to any person for any errors or omissions in any (a) calculation by the 
Relevant Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, of any amount due in respect of the Securities 
or (b) determination made by the Relevant Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions (save as provided in the next sentence), if the 
terms of the Securities provide that the Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date is a 
fixed amount or is determined by reference to a formula, which provides for a minimum amount 
to be payable on the Maturity Date, no modification or adjustment to or calculation under the 
Conditions may be made by the Issuer or the Relevant Agent to reduce the amount so payable 
on such date to less than such fixed amount or minimum amount (as applicable), PROVIDED 
THAT the foregoing shall not apply if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Minimum 
Amount Adjustment Prohibition" is not applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding 
sentence shall not apply in relation to the rights of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor to make any modification to the Securities pursuant to General Condition 
12(b) above. 
(d) 
(i) 
Exercise of Discretion 
In exercising its discretion in respect of the Securities as provided herein, each of the 
Issuer and the Relevant Agent or such other person (described in General Condition 
12(c) above) may take into account such factors as it determines appropriate in each 
case, which may include, in particular, any circumstances or events which have or may 
have a material impact on the hedging arrangements entered into by a Hedging Party 
(as defined in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule) in respect of the Securities. The 
exercise of the Issuer's and/or the Relevant Agent's and/or such other person's 
discretion in respect of the Securities as provided herein are necessary because certain 
circumstances or events (for example a material modification or disruption to an 
Underlying to which the Securities are linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance 
of the Securities which may materially affect the costs to a Hedging Party of 
maintaining the relevant Securities or relevant hedging arrangements. Such 
circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the pricing of the Securities. In 
addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability or disruption 
to any reference source), it may no longer be reasonably practicable or otherwise 
appropriate for certain valuations in respect of any Underlying or otherwise in 
connection with the Securities to be made, thus making it necessary for the Issuer 
and/or the Relevant Agent to exercise its discretion in such a case. 
(ii) 
Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC) 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, if the applicable Issue Terms 
specifies that "Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC)" is applicable, then: 
(A) 
General Condition 12(d)(i) (Exercise of Discretion) shall not apply and any 
hedging arrangements shall not be taken into consideration by the Issuer, the 
Relevant Agent or any other person in respect of any matter which falls to be 
determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the 
Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any other person, as the case may be (for the

--- Page 518 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
492 
 
avoidance of doubt, including without limitation that the following text at the 
end of paragraph (i) of the definition of "Reference Rate" in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 9.3 (Certain Defined Terms) shall be disregarded: "or 
any related hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities which are 
derivative transactions referencing the relevant Reference Rate"); 
(B) 
whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or 
otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any other person, 
that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise 
decided upon by the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any other person, as the 
case may be, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
including without limitation any such determination, consideration, election, 
selection or otherwise which is expressed in the Conditions to be in the sole 
and absolute discretion of the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any other person; 
(C) 
in respect of each provision in the Conditions pursuant to which the Relevant 
Agent or Issuer may adjust the terms of the Securities (without the prior 
consent of the Securityholders), the Relevant Agent or Issuer (as applicable) 
shall take all reasonable measures to continue the Securities under similar 
terms and conditions so that any adjustment or alteration made to the essential 
characteristics of the Securities is not substantial and is made in order to 
preserve the original economic rationale and objectives of the Securities; 
(D) 
in respect of each provision in the Conditions pursuant to which the Relevant 
Agent or Issuer may substitute or replace an Underlying or Reference Asset 
or other asset (without the prior consent of the Securityholders), the Relevant 
Agent or Issuer (as applicable) may only replace the applicable original 
Underlying or Reference Asset or other asset (as applicable) with a 
replacement asset which is as similar as possible to the original Underlying 
or Reference Asset or other asset (as applicable) being replaced or substituted; 
(E) 
the Securityholders may not be charged (whether directly or indirectly via 
deduction from any amount(s) payable or asset(s) deliverable under the 
Securities under the Conditions) any costs (such as settlement cost) in relation 
to adjustments or replacements as described in (C) and (D) above or (without 
prejudice to the terms of (A) above) in respect of any cost to the Issuer, the 
Relevant Agent or any of their respective affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in respect of the 
Securities (including, without limitation, any options relating to any 
Underlying or Reference Asset or other asset hedging the Issuer's obligations 
under the Securities); and 
(F) 
in General Condition 8(i) (Settlement Currency Disruption Event) (in the 
definition of "Currency Settlement Disruption Event") and Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(b)(i)(d), the following phrase shall be disregarded: 
"and Securityholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other 
payment in respect of any such delay". 
In the case of any inconsistency with any other term of the Conditions, this General 
Condition 12(d)(ii) shall prevail (save that in the case of any inconsistency, General 
Condition 12(b) (Modifications) shall prevail over this General Condition 12(d)(ii) ). 
(e) 
Hedging Arrangements 
As used in this General Condition 12, "hedging arrangements" means the arrangements, if 
any, the Issuer makes to have available to it the relevant cash amounts to be paid or assets to be 
delivered under the Securities as these fall due. This may involve a Hedging Party investing 
directly in an Underlying or by entering into securities transactions or loan transactions or 
derivative transactions or any combination thereof. Alternatively, a Hedging Party may make 
an indirect investment by entering into or acquiring a derivative contract referencing an 
Underlying, or in the case of Credit Linked Notes or Index Skew Notes, by entering into

--- Page 519 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
493 
 
securities transactions, loan transactions, one or more credit derivative transactions in unfunded 
form with economically equivalent terms to the Credit Linked Notes or a combination of such 
credit derivative transactions with one or more other derivative contracts. Such hedging 
arrangements may be carried out on a portfolio basis (i.e. where the Hedging Party maintains 
arrangements for hedging the Securities together with other obligations of the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates). A Hedging Party will seek to select hedging arrangements which are efficient for it 
in the context of the tax, regulatory and business environment in which it operates, but will do 
so without having regard to the interests of Securityholders. A Hedging Party may also adjust 
hedging arrangements from time to time but will not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes 
or regulatory changes which affect its hedging arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, no 
Hedging Party is under any obligation to enter into any hedging arrangements and, if any 
hedging arrangements are entered into, such arrangements will not confer any rights or 
entitlements on any Securityholder and no Securityholder will have recourse to any such 
hedging arrangements. 
(f) 
Determination of amounts payable or deliverable 
The Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such other person will employ the methodology 
described in the Conditions (including the Valuation and Settlement Schedule) to determine 
amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities. When making any such 
determination in relation to any amounts so payable or deliverable, the Issuer and/or the 
Relevant Agent and/or such other person may in its/their sole and absolute discretion consider 
any relevant information, which may but is not required to include, without limitation, one or 
more of the following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or 
information sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one 
or more third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant 
rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant 
market data in the relevant market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in (i) or (ii) above from internal sources (including 
any Affiliates of the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such other persons) or 
other information of a type used by the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such 
other persons in the regular course of its business or in connection with similar 
transactions. 
Whenever any of the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such other person is required to 
make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. 
Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such other 
person in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions under the Securities 
including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the 
validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion. 
(g) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (ii) 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency which 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency.  
(h) 
Disclaimer of liability and responsibility  
None of the Issuer, the Relevant Agent and any such other person makes any express or implied 
representations or warranties as to (i) the advisability of investing in or obtaining exposure to

--- Page 520 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
494 
 
the Securities, (ii) the value of the Securities at any particular time on any particular date, or 
(iii) any amounts that may become payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Relevant Agent and/or such other 
persons have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Securityholders for any 
direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) 
even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
The Relevant Agent and/or such other persons shall not have any responsibility to any holder 
for any errors or omissions in any calculations or determinations in respect of the Securities and 
act solely as agents of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. 
In respect of French Law Securities, neither the Issuer nor any Agent shall be held responsible 
for any loss or damage, resulting from any force majeure event as defined in article 1218 of the 
French Code Civil. Where the Issuer or any of the Agents is prevented from effecting payment 
or delivery due to such event, payment or delivery may be postponed until the time the event or 
circumstance impeding payment has ceased, and shall have no obligation to pay or deliver any 
additional amounts in respect of such postponement. 
(i) 
Conflict of Interest 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any of 
its Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Series of 
Securities including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating to 
any Underlying(s) (for example as a calculation agent or, in the case of a proprietary index for 
example, as index sponsor). Furthermore, the Relevant Agent or any of its Affiliates may 
contract with the Issuer and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, the Securities 
or any Underlying and as a result the Relevant Agent may face a conflict between its obligations 
as Relevant Agent and its and/or its Affiliates' interests in other capacities. Subject to all 
regulatory obligations, neither the Issuer nor the Relevant Agent in respect of the Securities 
shall owe any duty or responsibility to any Securityholder to avoid any conflict or to act in the 
interests of any Securityholder. 
13. 
Replacement of Securities 
If, in respect of Securities other than Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities or French Law 
Securities, a Security is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Registrar or 
such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer 
for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to holders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred 
in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Security is subsequently 
presented for payment or delivery (where applicable), there will be paid to the Issuer on demand 
the amount payable or an amount equal to the amount so deliverable by the Issuer in respect of 
such Security) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Securities must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. This General Condition 13 shall not apply to 
Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities or French Law Securities. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Securityholders create and issue 
further securities having the same terms and conditions as the Securities (or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon) PROVIDED 
THAT, for the avoidance of doubt and unless otherwise specified, references in the Conditions 
to "Issue Date" shall be to the first issue date of the Securities and so that the same shall be 
consolidated (with respect to French Law Securities, assimilées) and form a single Series with 
such Securities, and references in the Conditions to "Securities" shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 521 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
495 
 
15. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices in relation to Securities other than Finnish Securities, Swedish Securities and French 
Law Securities 
All notices to the holders of Registered Securities will be deemed validly given if mailed to 
them at their respective addresses in the register and any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date 
of mailing. 
Until such time as any definitive Securities are issued, there may, so long as any Global 
Registered Security representing the Securities is held in its entirety (as applicable) on behalf of 
any Relevant Clearing System, be substituted for such mailing as provided above, the delivery 
of the relevant notice to each Relevant Clearing System for communication by them to the 
holders of the Securities. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of 
the Securities on the day on which the said notice was given to the Relevant Clearing System 
or, where there is more than one Relevant Clearing System the first such Relevant Clearing 
System. 
For so long as the Securities are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by any other relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published in the manner and/or place or places required 
by those rules. 
Any such notice will be deemed validly given on the date specified above or, if deemed given 
more than once or on different dates, on the date first so deemed given as provided above. 
Notices to be given by any Securityholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Security in definitive form) with the relative Security or Securities, 
with the Registrar. Whilst any of the Securities are represented by a Global Registered Security, 
such notice may be given by any Securityholder to the Registrar through the Relevant Clearing 
System in such manner as the Registrar and the Relevant Clearing System may approve for this 
purpose. 
For so long as the Securities are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules 
of that stock exchange so require, such notice will be published in the manner and/or place or 
places required by those rules.  
So long as any Securities are admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market or Euro MTF Market, all 
notices to the holders of such Securities shall be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Any such notices will be deemed validly given the date specified above or on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date first deemed given 
or published as provided above. 
(b) 
Notices in relation to Finnish Securities 
Notices to holders of Finnish Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to a 
Securityholder on the address registered for such Securityholder in the Euroclear Finland 
Register maintained by the Euroclear Finland Registrar in accordance with the Euroclear 
Finland Rules. 
With respect to Finnish Securities listed on the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") (or other stock exchange or relevant authority, as applicable) and 
so long as the rules of that exchange so require, any notices to holders must also be published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (or other relevant stock exchange or relevant authority) and 
any such notice will be deemed validly given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once on different dates, on the date of first publication as provided above.

--- Page 522 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
496 
 
(c) 
Notices in relation to Swedish Securities 
Notices to holders of Swedish Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to a 
holder of Securities to the address registered for such holder in the system of Euroclear Sweden 
or in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given, if sent by mail to the holder, on the fourth day following the day the notice was sent by 
mail. 
Notices to be given by any holder of Securities shall be in writing and given by lodging the 
same with the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. 
With respect to Swedish Securities listed on Euronext Dublin (or another stock exchange, as 
applicable) and so long as the rules of that exchange so require, any notices to holders must also 
be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (or other relevant stock exchange) and any such 
notice will be deemed validly given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of first publication as provided above. 
(d) 
Notices in relation to French Law Securities 
(i) 
Notices to the Securityholders of French Law Securities in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (A) they are mailed to them at their 
respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, 
(B) at the option of the Issuer, as long as such French Law Securities are listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, they are published (I) in a leading daily 
newspaper having general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), 
or (II) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the AMF or (C) so long as such French Law Securities are 
listed and admitted to trading on any regulated market or other stock exchange and the 
rules of such regulated market or other stock exchange so require, in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the city where the regulated market or other stock 
exchange on which such French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading is 
located and on the website of any other competent authority or regulated market of the 
EEA Member State where the French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading. 
(ii) 
Notices to the Securityholders of French Law Securities in bearer form (au porteur) 
shall be valid if published (A) so long as such French Law Securities are listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (I) in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (II) in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF 
or (B) , so long as such French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading on any 
regulated market or other stock exchange and the rules of such regulated market or 
other stock exchange so require, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the city where the regulated market or other stock exchange on which such French Law 
Securities are listed and admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other 
competent authority or regulated market of the EEA member state where the French 
Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading. 
(iii) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication 
or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first such 
publication. 
(iv) 
Notices required to be given to the Securityholders of French Law Securities (whether 
in registered or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France and any other clearing system through which 
the French Law Securities are for the time being cleared, in substitution for the mailing 
and publication of a notice required by General Conditions 15(d)(i), (ii) and (iii) above; 
except that for so long as the French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading 
on a regulated market or other stock exchange and the rules of such regulated market

--- Page 523 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
497 
 
or other stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the city where the regulated market or other stock 
exchange on which such French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading is 
located. 
(v) 
Notices relating to convocation and decision(s) pursuant to General Condition 12(a) 
(Meetings of Securityholders) and pursuant to Articles R.228-79 and R.236-14 of the 
French Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France and any other clearing system through which the French Law Securities are for 
the time being cleared. For the avoidance of doubt, General Conditions 15(d)(i), (ii), 
(iii) and (iv) above shall not apply to such notices. 
(vi) 
Notices will, if published more than once, be deemed to have been given on the date 
of the first publication. 
(e) 
Notices to Fiscal Agent 
Notices to the Fiscal Agent should be copied to, or forwarded by the Fiscal Agent to, the Issuer. 
16. 
Consolidation or Merger 
(a) 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor shall not consolidate with or merge 
into any other corporation or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as 
an entirety to any Person (as defined below), other than (i) in the case of Securities issued by 
Citigroup Inc. and in relation to the Issuer or (ii) in the case of Securities issued by CGMHI and 
in relation to the CGMHI Guarantor only, by way of a conveyance, transfer or lease to one or 
more of its respective Subsidiaries (as defined below), unless  
(i) 
the corporation formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor is merged or the Person which acquires by 
conveyance or transfer, or which leases, the properties and assets of the Issuer 
substantially as an entirety (the "successor corporation") shall be a corporation 
organised and existing under the laws of any of the United States, the United Kingdom, 
Luxembourg, France, Germany, Belgium or The Netherlands or, in any such case, any 
political subdivision thereof and shall, by taking such action as may be required to be 
taken were such successor corporation the Substitute for the purposes of General 
Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor), expressly assume, the due and punctual payment of, in the case of a 
consolidation or merger in respect of the Issuer, amounts in respect of principal, 
interest or termination and the due and punctual delivery of all assets on all the 
Securities and the performance of the Conditions on the part of the Issuer to be 
performed or observed, in the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the 
CGMHI Guarantor, all amounts due under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, as 
applicable, in respect of the Securities and the performance of the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee on the part of the CGMHI Guarantor to be performed or observed, or, in the 
case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor, all amounts due 
under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, in respect of the Securities and 
the performance of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee on the part of the CGMFL 
Guarantor to be performed or observed; and 
(ii) 
if the Securities are listed or traded on any stock exchange, each such stock exchange 
shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the 
Securities will continue to be listed or traded on such stock exchange. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, "Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, 
joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, estate, incorporated organisation or 
government or agency or any political subdivision thereof, and "Subsidiary" means any Person 
of which a majority of the voting power of the outstanding ownership interests (excluding 
ownership interests entitled to voting power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) 
shall at the time be owned, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, as 
applicable, and/or one or more relevant Subsidiaries.  For this purpose, "voting power" means

--- Page 524 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
498 
 
power to vote in an ordinary election of directors (or, in the case of a Person that is not a 
corporation, ordinarily to appoint or approve the appointment of Persons holding similar 
positions). 
(b) 
Upon any consolidation with or merger into any other corporation, or any conveyance, transfer 
or lease of the properties and assets of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor substantially as an entirety in accordance with General Condition 16(a) above, the 
successor corporation formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, is merged or to which such conveyance, 
transfer or lease is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right 
and power of, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, with 
the same effect as if such successor corporation had been named as the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, herein (subject as provided in General 
Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor)), 
and thereafter, except in the case of a lease, the predecessor corporation shall be relieved of all 
obligations and covenants under the Conditions, the Securities, the relevant Deed of Covenant, 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee (in the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the 
CGMHI Guarantor only), the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (in the case of a consolidation or 
merger in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor only) and the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
17. 
Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 17 shall be ignored in relation 
to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor 
and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this 
General Condition 17 shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or 
CGMHI 
(a) 
Applicability 
This General Condition 17 applies to a substitution, at any time, without the consent of the 
Securityholders, of Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI or the CGMHI Guarantor or CGMFL or the 
CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, with any company (the "Substitute"), PROVIDED THAT 
in respect of: 
(i) 
if "Substitution provisions" are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a substitution of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI and the CGMHI Guarantor, such 
substitution is subject to satisfaction of the conditions for substitution set out in General 
Condition 17(c) (General Conditions for Substitution) below; and 
(ii) 
if "Substitution provisions" are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a substitution of Citigroup Inc., CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, such 
substitution is subject to satisfaction of the conditions for substitution set out in General 
Conditions 17(b) (Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor) and 17(c) 
(General Conditions for Substitution) below. 
(b) 
Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor 
If "Substitution provisions" are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor may, at any time, without the consent of the Securityholders, 
substitute for itself any Substitute, PROVIDED THAT: 
(i) 
If "Additional Requirements" are specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, on the date of such substitution, the Substitute is, in the opinion of the Issuer 
or the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted (the "Original 
Entity"), of at least the equivalent standing and creditworthiness to the Original Entity; 
or 
(ii) 
If "Additional Requirements" are specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Additional Requirements are satisfied.

--- Page 525 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
499 
 
For the purposes of this General Condition 17(b), "Additional Requirements" means the 
application of each of the following requirements: 
(A) 
save where the Original Entity is subject to legal restructuring (including 
without limitation voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up, 
dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or analogous proceedings), the Original 
Entity shall unconditionally guarantee the fulfilment of the obligations of the 
Substitute arising from the Conditions in relation to the Securities; 
(B) 
if no guarantee by the Original Entity pursuant to (A) above is required, both 
(I) the Substitute is an Affiliate of the Original Entity and (II) the Substitute, 
on the date of such substitution, shall demonstrate a long term credit rating 
from at least one internationally recognised credit rating agency active in the 
international capital markets (including but not limited to the relevant entity 
from the following rating groups: Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors 
Service and Fitch Ratings) which is at least as high as that of the Original 
Entity; 
(C) 
the Original Entity shall provide an indemnity in favour of the Securityholders 
in relation to any additional tax or duties or losses suffered by Securityholders 
due to differences between the regulatory or tax regimes applicable to the 
Original Entity and the Substitute, in each case which arise and become 
payable solely as a result of the substitution of the Original Entity with the 
Substitute; and 
(D) 
on the date of such substitution there shall be (I) no existing Event of Default; 
or (II) no occurrence of an event which remains in existence on such date 
which, in the absence of the relevant grace period, would otherwise constitute 
an Event of Default, in relation to the Securities. 
(c) 
General Conditions for Substitution 
All of the following requirements must be satisfied before any substitution may take place 
pursuant to this General Condition 17: 
(i) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of necessary consents) to ensure that, in the case of a substitution of the 
Issuer, the Securities and the relevant Deed of Covenant, in the case of a substitution 
of the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or, in the case of a 
substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, 
represent legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute have been taken, 
fulfilled and done, and shall continue in full force and effect; 
(ii) 
the Substitute has become party to the Fiscal Agency Agreement with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it in place of the Issuer 
from the date of such substitution, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, 
as the case may be, from the date of such substitution; 
(iii) 
the Substitute and the Issuer have obtained: 
(A) 
legal opinions from independent legal advisers of recognised standing in the 
country of incorporation of the Substitute and in England that the obligations 
of the Substitute, under the Securities and the relevant Deed of Covenant, the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case 
may be, are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute; 
(B) 
in the case of the substitution of the Issuer which is CGMHI (or any substitute 
thereof), a legal opinion from an independent legal adviser in England, that 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis mutandis 
as it applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and will constitute legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor, in respect of the 
Substitute (PROVIDED THAT no opinion as referred to in this sub-paragraph

--- Page 526 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
500 
 
(B) shall be required where the Substitute is the CGMHI Guarantor with 
respect to Securities issued by CGMHI); 
(C) 
in the case of the substitution of the Issuer which is CGMFL (or any substitute 
thereof), a legal opinion from an independent legal adviser in England, that 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis mutandis 
as it applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and will constitute legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, in respect of the 
Substitute (PROVIDED THAT no opinion as referred to in this sub-paragraph 
(C) shall be required where the Substitute is the CGMFL Guarantor with 
respect to Securities issued by CGMFL); and 
(D) 
all consents and approvals as required have been obtained and that the 
Substitute and the Securities comply with all applicable requirements of the 
Securities Act; 
(iv) 
such substitution is permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Securities are listed and each such stock exchange has confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Securities will continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange; 
(v) 
if appropriate, the Substitute has appointed or will appoint a process agent to act as its 
agent in England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Securities; 
(vi) 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has 
given notice of the date of such substitution to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices); 
(vii) 
in the case of Finnish Securities only, confirmation that such substitution is permitted 
by Euroclear Finland;  
(viii) 
in the case of Swedish Securities only, confirmation that such substitution is permitted 
by Euroclear Sweden; and 
(ix) 
if "Additional French Law Securities Requirements" are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as "Applicable", each of (A) - (C) below (together, the "Additional 
French Law Securities Requirements") are satisfied: 
(A) 
the Substitute has assumed all obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
the case may be) or any previous substituted company arising from or in 
connection with the French Law Securities or the Guarantee (as the case may 
be);  
(B) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) and the Substitute have 
obtained all necessary authorisations and are able to transfer all amounts 
required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations under the French Law 
Securities or the Guarantee (as the case may be) to the relevant Agent (in the 
currency required under the French Law Securities) without being obliged to 
deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the 
country in which the Substitute or the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may 
be) has its domicile or tax residence; and  
(C) 
the Substitute has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each French 
Securityholder against (I) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
imposed on such Securityholder by (or by any authority in or of) the 
jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, 
if different, of its incorporation which would not have been so imposed if the 
substitution had not been made and (II) any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, any cost or expense in respect of such substitution 
imposed by the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax 
purposes and, if different, of its incorporation.

--- Page 527 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
501 
 
(d) 
Consequences of Substitution 
(i) 
Upon such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be a 
reference to the Substitute. 
(ii) 
After a substitution pursuant to this General Condition 17, the Substitute may, without 
the consent of any holder, effect a further substitution. The provisions specified in this 
General Condition 17 shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in the Conditions 
to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall, 
where the context so requires, be deemed to be or to include references to any such 
further Substitute. For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor may be a Substitute for the Issuer and in such cases references to the CGMHI 
Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee should be construed accordingly. 
(iii) 
After a substitution pursuant to this General Condition 17 (including any further 
substitution as contemplated by General Condition 17(d)(ii) above), any Substitute 
may, without the consent of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(iv) 
For the avoidance of doubt: 
(A) 
CGMHI may (I) be substituted as the Issuer by Citigroup Inc., pursuant to this 
General Condition 17, notwithstanding that it is the CGMHI Guarantor or (II) 
merge or be consolidated into Citigroup Inc. pursuant to General Condition 
16 (Consolidation or Merger), notwithstanding that it is the CGMHI 
Guarantor without, in either case, there being any breach of the Conditions 
which shall be construed accordingly; or 
(B) 
CGMFL may (I) be substituted as the Issuer by CGML, pursuant to this 
General Condition 17, notwithstanding that it is the CGMFL Guarantor or (II) 
merge or be consolidated into CGML pursuant to General Condition 16 
(Consolidation or Merger), notwithstanding that it is the CGMFL Guarantor 
without, in either case, there being any breach of the Conditions which shall 
be construed accordingly. 
(v) 
Nothing in this General Condition 17 shall prohibit the substitution of the CGMHI 
Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the substitution of the CGMFL 
Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee by another entity as part of any 
resolution, restructuring, or reorganisation of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, upon or following the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, becoming subject to any receivership, insolvency, 
liquidation, resolution, or similar proceeding. 
(vi) 
For so long as any Securities are listed on a stock exchange, such stock exchange shall 
be notified of any such consolidation, merger or substitution and the requirements of 
such stock exchange in respect of such consolidation, merger or substitution shall be 
complied with (including any requirement to publish a supplement). 
(vii) 
Upon the substitution of Citigroup Inc., pursuant to this General Condition 17 or 
General Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation or 
Substitute, as the case may be, which is organised and existing under the laws of a 
jurisdiction other than the United States (or any other jurisdiction substituted for the 
United States pursuant to the Conditions), references in General Condition 9(a) 
(Taxation) and the definition of "Event of Default" in General Conditions 11(a)(iv) and 
11(a)(v) (Events of Default) to the United States (or such other jurisdiction) and any 
related expressions (as determined by the Issuer) shall, if determined by the Issuer to 
be appropriate to account for such substitution, be replaced with references to the 
jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, 
is organised and existing.

--- Page 528 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
502 
 
(viii) 
Upon the substitution of CGMHI or the CGMHI Guarantor, pursuant to this General 
Condition 17 or General Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor 
corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, which is organised and existing under 
the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States (or any other jurisdiction 
substituted for the United States pursuant to the Conditions), references in General 
Condition 9(b) (Taxation) and the definition of "Event of Default" in General 
Conditions 11(a)(iv) and 11(a)(v) (Events of Default) to the United States (or such 
other jurisdiction) and any related expressions (as determined by the Issuer) shall, if 
determined by the Issuer to be appropriate to account for such substitution, be replaced 
with references to the jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or 
Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and existing. 
(ix) 
Upon the substitution of CGMFL, pursuant to this General Condition 17 or General 
Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation or Substitute, 
as the case may be, which is organised and existing under the laws of a jurisdiction 
other than Luxembourg (or any jurisdiction substituted for Luxembourg pursuant to 
the Conditions): 
(A) 
references in General Condition 9(c) (Taxation) to Luxembourg (or such other 
jurisdiction) and any related expressions (as determined by the Issuer) shall, 
if determined by the Issuer to be appropriate to account for such substitution, 
be replaced with references to the jurisdiction under which such successor 
corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and existing; and 
(B) 
the following words shall be added to the end of paragraph (vi)(A) of the 
definition of "Event of Default" in General Condition 11(a) (Events of 
Default) immediately following the words "or other similar arrangement": 
", or, if the Issuer is not organised and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, 
any event occurs which under the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer 
is organised and existing has an analogous effect to any of the events referred 
to above in this definition". 
(x) 
Upon the substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor  pursuant to this General Condition 17 
or General Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation or 
Substitute, as the case may be, which is organised and existing under the laws of a 
jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom (or any jurisdiction substituted for the 
United Kingdom pursuant to the Conditions), references in General Condition 9(c) 
(Taxation) and the definition of "Event of Default" in General Conditions 11(a)(vi)(B) 
and 11(a)(vi)(C) (Events of Default) to the United Kingdom (or such other jurisdiction) 
and any related expressions (as determined by the Issuer) shall, if determined by the 
Issuer to be appropriate to account for such substitution, be replaced with references to 
the jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may 
be, is organised and existing. 
(xi) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 17 and article 1275 of the Luxembourg civil 
code, the Securityholders, by subscribing for, or otherwise acquiring the Securities, are 
expressly deemed to have consented to any substitution of CGMFL effected in 
accordance with this General Condition 17 and to the release of CGMFL from any and 
all obligations in respect of the Securities.  
(xii) 
On the substitution of any successor corporation or Substitute, amendments may be 
made to the Conditions to reflect the regulatory position of such successor corporation 
or Substitute, including without limitation, to reflect the requirements of the BRRD or 
the U.S. Special Resolution Regime.  
18. 
Redenomination 
If Redenomination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Securityholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the 
Securityholders, the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents, designate a Redenomination Date,

--- Page 529 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
503 
 
being a date (which in the case of interest-bearing Securities shall be a date for payment of 
interest under the Securities) falling on or after the date on which the country of the relevant 
Settlement Currency specified adopts the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the 
Treaty. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date, notwithstanding the other provisions of the 
Conditions: 
(a) 
(in the case of Notes) each Specified Denomination will be deemed to be denominated 
in such amount of Euro as is equivalent to its denomination so specified in the relevant 
Settlement Currency at the Established Rate, rounded down to the nearest Euro 0.01; 
(b) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Securities, other than 
payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, 
will be made solely in Euro as though references in the Securities to the relevant 
Settlement Currency were to Euro. Payments will be made in Euro by credit or transfer 
to a Euro account (or any other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) 
specified by the payee; and 
(c) 
such other changes shall be made to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide, with the 
agreement of Fiscal Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform them to 
conventions then applicable to Securities denominated in Euro including but not limited 
to where the securities are in global form. Any such other changes will not take effect 
until after they have been notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
As used in the Conditions: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for conversion of the Settlement Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 
of the Treaty. 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest-bearing Securities) any date for payment 
of interest under the Securities or (in the case of non-interest-bearing Securities) any date, in 
each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Securityholders pursuant to General 
Condition 15 (Notices) and which falls on or after such date as when the country of the 
Settlement Currency participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Registrar, the Fiscal 
Agent and any other Paying Agent will be liable to any Securityholder or other person for any 
commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of 
Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
Determinations by the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent pursuant to this General Condition 18 will, in 
the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, 
the CGMFL Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the 
Securityholders. 
19. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
(i) 
English Law Securities 
The English Law Securities (including Finnish Securities, Swedish Securities and 
French Cleared Securities) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

--- Page 530 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
504 
 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. Notwithstanding this:  
(A) 
the registration and transfer of the Finnish Securities in Euroclear Finland's 
system for the registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Finnish law; and 
(B) 
the registration of the Swedish Securities in Euroclear Sweden's system for 
the registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Swedish law; and 
(C) 
the registration of the French Cleared Securities in Euroclear France's system 
for the registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law. 
(ii) 
Irish Law Securities 
The Irish Law Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Irish 
law. 
(iii) 
French Law Securities 
The French Law Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
French law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of French Law 
Securities issued by CGMHI (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of 
whatever nature (whether contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or 
in any way relating to the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or its formation) shall be 
governed by English law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the All Monies 
Guarantee, as applicable, in respect of French Law Securities issued by CGMFL (and 
any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature (whether 
contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or in any way relating to the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, the All Monies Guarantee or its formation) shall be 
governed by English law. 
(iv) 
New York Law Securities 
The New York Law Securities are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, the law of the State of New York, without regards to the principles of conflicts 
of law. 
(v) 
General 
In relation to each Series of Securities, the Fiscal Agency Agreement in respect of such 
Series and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
agreement shall be governed by the governing law of such Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where CGMFL is the Issuer, Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of 
the Companies Act 1915, are hereby excluded. In addition, no Securityholder may 
initiate proceedings against CGMFL based on article 470-21 of the Luxembourg 
Companies Act 1915.

--- Page 531 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
505 
 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
English Law Securities 
In respect of English Law Securities, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with such Securities, including any dispute as to their 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of 
their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with such Securities (a "Dispute") and all Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
In respect of English Law Securities, each of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and any 
Securityholders irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts and each 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and any Securityholders taking proceedings in 
relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are 
an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
Irish Law Securities 
In respect of Irish Law Securities, the Irish courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with such Irish Law Securities, including any dispute as 
to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with such Irish Law Securities (an "Irish Law Dispute") and all Irish 
Law Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts. 
In respect of Irish Law Securities, each of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and any 
Securityholders irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts and each of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and any Securityholders taking proceedings in relation 
to any Irish Law Dispute waives any objection to the Irish courts on the grounds that they are 
an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Irish Law Dispute. 
French Law Securities 
In respect of French Law Securities only, the Paris courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Securities, including any Dispute and all 
Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Paris courts. 
Each of the Issuer and any Securityholders irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
the Paris courts and each of the Issuer and any Securityholders taking proceedings in relation to 
any Dispute waives any objection to the Paris courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient 
or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
New York Law Securities 
In respect of New York Law Securities, each of the Securityholders, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (if applicable) hereby consent to the jurisdiction of a state or federal court situated in 
New York City, New York in connection with any dispute arising out of or in connection with 
New York Law Securities. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably waives, to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to 
the laying of venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that such 
proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
In respect of English Law Securities, each Issuer irrevocably appoints Citibank Europe plc, UK 
branch of Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom 
(correspondence to be marked for the attention of the Company Secretary) as its agent for 
service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and 
agrees that, in the event of Citibank Europe plc, UK branch being unable or unwilling for any 
reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute and shall immediately notify holders of Securities of such

--- Page 532 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
506 
 
appointment in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). The Issuer agrees that failure 
by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall 
affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
In respect of Irish Law Securities, the Issuer irrevocably appoints Citibank Europe plc, having 
its registered office at 1 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland (correspondence to be marked for 
the attention of the General Counsel, c.c. Markets Legal Team) as its agent for service of process 
in any proceedings before the Irish courts in relation to any Irish Law Dispute and agrees that, 
in the event of Citibank Europe plc being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in Ireland in respect of 
any Irish Law Dispute and shall immediately notify holders of Securities of such appointment 
in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). The Issuer agrees that failure by a process 
agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right 
to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
In respect of French Law Securities only, an agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the Paris courts may be appointed through an "election de domicile" in France as provided 
by French law. Nothing in this General Condition 19(c) shall affect the right to serve process in 
any manner permitted by law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this General Condition 19(c) shall not apply in respect of New York 
Law Securities. 
20. 
Rights of Third Parties and Waiver of Trial by Jury 
(a) 
Rights of Third Parties 
In respect of English Law Securities, such Securities confer no right under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Securities, but this does not affect any 
right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from that Act.  
This General Condition 20 shall not apply to Irish Law Securities, French Law Securities or 
New York Law Securities. 
(b) 
For the sole benefit of Securityholders of New York Law Securities; no third-party beneficiaries 
In respect of New York Law Securities, nothing in the Conditions, expressed or implied, shall 
give or be construed to give to any person, firm or corporation, other than the holders, any legal 
or equitable right, remedy or claim under the Conditions, the Conditions being for the sole 
benefit of the holders. There shall not be any third-party beneficiaries of the Conditions in 
respect of New York Law Securities. 
(c) 
Waiver of any rights to a trial by jury 
EACH 
SECURITYHOLDER 
HEREBY 
KNOWINGLY, 
VOLUNTARILY 
AND 
INTENTIONALLY WAIVES (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) 
ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION 
BASED THEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE 
SECURITIES OR ANY OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS, OR ANY COURSE OF 
CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR 
WRITTEN), OR ACTIONS OF THE SECURITYHOLDERS. 
21. 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below:  
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or 
any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
"control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity.

--- Page 533 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
507 
 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Business Centre specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and if 
"Business Centre" is specified to be or to include: (a) "U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day" then "Business Day" shall also be any day except a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any 
successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for 
the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (b) "T2" or "T2 
Business Day", then "Business Day" shall also be a day on which the T2 (as defined 
below) is operating; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Settlement Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Settlement 
Currency (if other than any Business Centre and which if the Settlement Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) 
or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or any successor or 
replacement for that system (the "T2") is operating. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Euro-zone" means the member states of the European Union that are participating in the third 
stage of Economic and Monetary Union. 
"Instalment Amount" means, subject as provided in the case of Credit Linked Notes in the 
Credit Linked Conditions, in respect of a Security and an Instalment Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for 
determining such amount specified therein. 
"Instalment Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Maturity Date" means subject as provided, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, in the Credit 
Linked Conditions or, in the case of Index Skew Notes, in the Index Skew Conditions, the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Relevant Agent" means the Calculation Agent or, where a separate Determination Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Securities, the Determination Agent and each reference to a Relevant 
Agent shall be deemed to be a reference to the Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent, 
as applicable and as the context may require.  
"Relevant Due Date" means, in respect of any Security, the date on which payment in respect 
of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) 
the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven 
days after that on which notice is duly given to the Securityholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Security being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will 
be made, PROVIDED THAT payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"sub unit" means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
Euro, one cent. 
"T2 Business Day" means a day on which the T2 is operating.

--- Page 534 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
508 
 
22. 
Italian Listed Certificates 
(a) 
Maturity Date 
Where the Securities are Italian Listed Certificates then, notwithstanding any other provision of 
the Conditions, such Securities shall be deemed to be automatically exercised on the Expiry 
Date (Data di Scadenza) specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Expiry Date"). The 
minimum number of Italian Listed Certificates that may be exercised in respect of a 
securityholder is one (1) Italian Listed Certificate or multiples in excess thereof. 
(b) 
Transfer 
The Italian Listed Certificates shall be held through the Relevant Clearing System and 
transferred in lots at least equal to the Minimum Trading Lot, as defined by the listing rules of 
the market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("Borsa Italiana"), or multiples 
thereof, as determined by Borsa Italiana and specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Transfers 
may be effected only upon registration of the transfer in the books of the relevant clearing 
system. 
(c) 
Record Date 
In the case of Italian Listed Certificates, the Record Date will be fixed in accordance with the 
rules of Borsa Italiana and any relevant guidelines and will be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(d) 
Notices 
In the case of the Italian Listed Certificates and in addition to the requirements set out in General 
Condition 15 (Notices), if and so long as the rules of Borsa Italiana so require, any notice to the 
Securityholders will be published by delivering such notice to Borsa Italiana to be published on 
www.borsaitaliana.it or otherwise in accordance with the relevant rules of Borsa Italiana, 
guidelines and market practice. 
(e) 
Substitution of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
In case of Italian Listed Certificates and notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, 
in addition to the requirements of General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor), on a substitution of (i) in the case of Securities issued 
by Citigroup Inc., the Issuer or (ii) in the case of Securities issued by CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or (iii) in the case of Securities issued by CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, the 
obligations of the substitute in respect of the Securities will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by (x) in the case of a substitution of Citigroup Inc., acting as Issuer, Citigroup Inc. 
or (y) in the case of a substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMHI Guarantor or (z) in the 
case of a substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor (as original obligor in 
respect of such Securities). 
23. 
Italian Listed Notes 
(a) 
Transfer 
Italian Listed Notes shall be held through the Relevant Clearing System and transferred in lots 
at least equal to the Minimum Trading Lot, as defined by the listing rules of the market organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana, or multiples thereof, as determined by Borsa Italiana and 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Transfers may be effected only upon registration of the 
transfer in the books of the relevant clearing system. 
(b) 
Notices 
In the case of the Italian Listed Notes and in addition to the requirements set out in General 
Condition 15 (Notices), if and so long as the rules of Borsa Italiana so require, any notice to 
Securityholders will be published by delivering such notice to Borsa Italiana to be published on

--- Page 535 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
509 
 
http://www.borsaitaliana.it or otherwise in accordance with the relevant rules of Borsa Italiana, 
guidelines and market practice. 
(c) 
Substitution of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
In case of Italian Listed Notes and notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, in 
addition to the requirements of General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor), on a substitution of (i) in the case of Securities issued 
by Citigroup Inc., the Issuer or (ii) in the case of Securities issued by CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or (iii) in the case of Securities issued by CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, the 
obligations of the substitute in respect of the Securities will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by (x) in the case of a substitution of Citigroup Inc., acting as Issuer, Citigroup Inc. 
or (y) in the case of a substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMHI Guarantor or (z) in the 
case of a substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor (as original obligor in 
respect of such Securities). 
(d) 
Calculation Agent Determinations 
In relation to Italian Listed Notes listed on MOT and notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Conditions, the Calculation Agent in exercising its discretion under the relevant 
Conditions, shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Notwithstanding 
any other provision of the Conditions, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment that it 
determines appropriate to any terms of such Securities, in accordance with the relevant 
Conditions, to preserve the economic equivalence of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes, save as otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Substitution of Shares, Depositary Receipts, ETF Shares or Mutual Fund Interests 
In case of Italian Listed Notes listed on MOT which are Share Linked Securities, Depositary 
Receipt Linked Securities, ETF Linked Securities or Mutual Fund Linked Securities, for the 
purposes of any Share Substitution (as defined in Share Condition 6(b)) (Additional 
Provisions)), any new share, depositary receipt, exchange traded fund share or mutual fund 
share or unit, as applicable, shall be listed on a stock exchange, market or quotation system, as 
applicable, which is acceptable to Borsa Italiana. 
(f) 
Record Date 
In the case of Italian Listed Notes, the Record Date will be fixed in accordance with the rules 
of Borsa Italiana and any relevant guidelines and will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(g) 
Determination and communication of interest rate 
For Italian Listed Notes, the Paying Agent will cause each Interest Rate and each Interest 
Amount for any Interest Period and each relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to Borsa 
Italiana no later than (i) two Milan Business Days prior to the first day of each Interest Period 
in the case of Securities to be traded on an ex coupon basis (corso secco); or (ii) three Milan 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Period End Date in the case of Securities to be traded 
on a cum-coupon basis (tel quel). Notice of the foregoing will be published in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after the determination and in no event later 
than four Milan Business Days thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to Borsa Italiana. The Issuer 
will cause the early redemption of the Securities to be notified to Borsa Italiana three Milan 
Business Days in advance at the latest.  
For the purposes of this Condition, the expression ("Milan Business Day") means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in Milan. 
(h) 
Amount to be redeemed

--- Page 536 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
510 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions and subject as provided below, in case 
of Italian Listed Notes listed on MOT, the Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption 
Amount, any Early Termination Amount or any other redemption amount in respect of each 
Calculation Amount provided for in these Conditions shall be at least equal to such Calculation 
Amount.  
Any such redemption amount may only be less than the Calculation Amount or may only be 
cancelled as part of a bankruptcy, insolvency or similar type of proceeding resulting in a 
restructuring of the debt obligations of the Issuer, or a reorganisation of the Issuer. 
24. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes  
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 24 ONLY APPLIES TO SECURITIES OTHER THAN NEW 
YORK LAW SECURITIES: 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and in respect of Securities other than New 
York Law Securities only: 
(a) 
in the event the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, 
becomes subject to a proceeding under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or Title II of the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (each, a "U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime"), the transfer of the Securities (where the Securities are Covered Instruments) and/or 
(in the case of Covered Instruments issued by CGMHI) the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or (in 
the case of Covered Instruments issued by CGMFL) the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (together, 
the "Relevant Agreements") (and the transfer of any interest and obligation in or under the 
Relevant Agreements)  from the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as 
applicable, will be effective to the same extent as the relevant transfer would be effective under 
such U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Relevant Agreements, and any interest and 
obligation in or under the Relevant Agreements, were governed by the laws of the United States 
or a state of the United States; and  
(b) 
in the event the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, or any of their 
respective affiliates (as such term is defined in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 
United States Code (U.S.C.) 1841(k)) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special 
Resolution Regime, default rights against the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor with respect to the Relevant Agreements are permitted to be exercised to no 
greater extent than such default rights could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime if the Relevant Agreements were governed by the laws of the United States or a state 
of the United States. For purposes of this paragraph "default right" has the meaning assigned 
to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with 12 Code of Federal Regulations 
("C.F.R.") 252.81, 12 C.F.R. 382.1 and 12 C.F.R. 47.1, as applicable, and "Covered 
Instrument" refers to any Security that falls within the definition of a "qualified financial 
contract" as such term is defined in, and as interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 
5390(c)(8)(D).

--- Page 537 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
511 
 
SECTION H.2 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE 
CERTIFICATES 
Except as indicated below, the following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Securities which 
are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates and which will include the general conditions of the Warrants 
and Exercisable Certificates together with the additional terms and conditions contained: 
(a) 
in the case of Security Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 1 – Security Index 
Conditions;  
(b) 
in the case of Commodity Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 3 – Commodity 
Index Conditions;  
(c) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 4 – Commodity 
Conditions;  
(d) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 5 – Share Conditions;  
(e) 
in the case of Depositary Receipt Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 6 – Depositary 
Receipt Conditions;  
(f) 
in the case of ETF Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 7 – Exchange-Traded Fund 
(ETF) Share Conditions;  
(g) 
in the case of Mutual Fund Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 8 – Mutual Fund 
Conditions;  
(h) 
in the case of FX Rate Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 9 – FX Rate Conditions,  
(i) 
in the case of Bespoke Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 10 – Bespoke Index 
Conditions;  
(j) 
in the case of Rate Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 12 – Rate Conditions;  
(k) 
in the case of Credit Linked Warrants only, in Underlying Schedule 16; 
(l) 
in the case of Debt Security Linked Warrants only, in Underlying Schedule 17 (each of 
Underlying Schedules 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 13, 16 and 17, an "Underlying Schedule" and 
together, the "Underlying Schedules"); 
(m) 
where "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "China 
Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "Taiwan Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "Additional Provisions for Shares traded 
through the China Connect Service" or "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect 
Service" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below) and/or the 
Certificates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC Participation Certificates 
or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are Indian Participation Certificates 
or China Participation Certificates or Taiwan Participation Certificates, Schedule B; and 
(n) 
in the case of all Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates, Part B of the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule (the Underlying Schedules together with the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule, the "Schedules" and each, a "Schedule")  
and, in relation to any tranche of Securities, as completed, modified and/or supplemented, as applicable, 
by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below).  
References in the General Conditions (as defined below) to a Condition shall be deemed to be a reference 
to a Condition of the General Conditions, unless otherwise specified.

--- Page 538 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
512 
 
References in these General Conditions (the "General Conditions" or the "WEC General Conditions") 
and in the applicable Schedules to Warrants or "Exercisable Certificates" (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or "Securities" are to the Warrants or Exercisable Certificates of this Series 
which shall be either (i) where the Warrants are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be governed 
by English Law, "English Law Warrants", (ii) where the Warrants are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be governed by Irish Law, "Irish Law Warrants" or (iii) where the Warrants are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be governed by German Law, "German Law Warrants". English Law 
Warrants and Irish Law Warrants are issued pursuant to, and German Law Warrants are issued in 
accordance with, a warrant agreement dated 18 November 2024 (as supplemented and/or amended and/or 
replaced from time to time, the "WEC Agency Agreement") among, inter alia, Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc. ("CGMHI"), Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A 
("CGMFL") each as an issuer, Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("CGML") as guarantor in respect of 
Warrants issued by CGMFL where it is specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (in its capacity 
as such guarantor, the "CGMFL Guarantor"), Citibank Europe PLC, Germany Branch as registrar in 
respect of English Law Warrants and Irish Law Warrants only (the "Registrar"), Citibank Europe PLC 
as principal warrant agent (the "Principal Warrant Agent"), Citibank N.A., London Branch as 
authentication agent (the Authentication Agent"), and each such expression shall include any successor 
registrar, principal warrant agent, or authentication agent (as the case may be), Citibank Europe PLC as 
New York warrant agent (the "New York Warrant Agent", and, together with the Principal Warrant 
Agent, the "Warrant Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor warrant 
agents). English Law Warrants and Irish Law Warrants are constituted by the WEC Agency Agreement 
and German Law Warrants are issued in accordance with the WEC Agency Agreement, in each case, in 
the case of Non-Exempt Warrants (as defined below), as completed by the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Warrants (as defined below), as amended and/or supplemented by the applicable 
Pricing Supplement and shall become valid obligations of the Issuer when (i) in respect of English Law 
Warrants and Irish Law Warrants, the applicable Issue Terms are attached to a global Warrant in 
registered form (a "Global Registered Security") or (ii) in respect of German Law Warrants, a global 
Warrant in bearer form (a "Global Bearer Security" and a Global Registered Security and Global Bearer 
Security, each a "Global Security") is authenticated in accordance with the WEC Agency Agreement, 
as applicable. German Law Warrants shall only be issued as Exempt Warrants. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the term "Warrants" shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
Exercisable Certificates so that if "Exercisable Certificates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
references herein to "Warrant", "Warrants", "Exempt Warrants", "Non-Exempt Warrants", 
"Warrantholder" and "Warrantholders" shall be deemed to be references to "Exercisable Certificate", 
"Exercisable Certificates", "Exempt Exercisable Certificates", "Non-Exempt Exercisable Certificates", 
"Exercisable Certificateholder" and "Exercisable Certificateholders", respectively. 
In relation to any Series, either CGMHI or CGMFL will be the Issuer thereof as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and references in the Conditions to "the Issuer" shall be to whichever of CGMHI or CGMFL 
is so specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Warrants issued by CGMFL are, where CGML is specified as the guarantor in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the subject of an All Monies Deed of Guarantee (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the "CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee"), dated 11 May 2017 executed by the CGMFL 
Guarantor. Warrants issued by CGMHI are not guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor and are not the 
subject of the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee and references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee shall be ignored in relation to Warrants issued by CGMHI and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
Warrants are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more Tranches of Warrants. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms document (the "Final Terms") or, in the case of Warrants which 
are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") ("Exempt Warrants" and the Warrants the 
subject of a Final Terms, "Non-Exempt Warrants"), a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") 
which, in the case of Non-Exempt Warrants and the applicable Final Terms, completes or, in the case of 
Exempt Warrants and the applicable Pricing Supplement amends and/or replaces the Conditions and the 
applicable Schedule(s). In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the relevant Issue 
Terms, the relevant Issue Terms shall prevail.

--- Page 539 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
513 
 
References herein to the "General Conditions" are to the terms and conditions of the Warrants as set 
out in these General Conditions (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the additional terms and 
conditions contained in the Schedules). 
The terms and conditions of a Tranche of Warrants (the "Terms and Conditions") means, the General 
Conditions together with the additional terms and conditions contained in (i) in the case of all Warrants, 
Part B of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule (and references in the Conditions of the Warrants and 
Exercisable Certificates to the "Valuation and Settlement Schedule" shall be construed as references 
to Part B of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule only), and (ii) (a) in the case of Security Index Linked 
Warrants, Underlying Schedule 1, (b) in the case of Commodity Index Linked Warrants, Underlying 
Schedule 3, (c)] in the case of Commodity Linked Warrants, Underlying Schedule 4, (d) in the case of 
Share Linked Warrants, Underlying Schedule 5, (e) in the case of Depository Receipt Linked Warrants, 
Underlying Schedule 6, (f) in the case of ETF Linked Warrants, Underlying Schedule 7, (g) in the case 
of Mutual Fund Linked Warrants, Underlying Schedule 8, (h) in the case of FX Rate Linked Warrants, 
Underlying Schedule 9, (i) in the case of Bespoke Index Linked Warrants, Underlying Schedule 10, (j) 
in the case of Rate Linked Warrants, Underlying Schedule 12, (k) in the case of Credit Linked Warrants, 
Underlying Schedule 16, (l) in the case of Debt Linked Warrants, Underlying Condition 12, (m) where 
"Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "China Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings" or "Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service" or 
"Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and/or the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC Participation 
Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are Indian Participation 
Certificates or China Participation Certificates or Taiwan Participation Certificates, Schedule B and, in 
the case of all Tranches of Warrants, the Terms and Conditions as completed, modified, and/or 
supplemented, as applicable, by the applicable Issue Terms, the "Conditions". In the event of any conflict 
between the provisions of any Schedule and the General Conditions, the provisions of the Schedule shall 
prevail. 
Bespoke Index Linked Warrants, Debt Linked Warrants and Credit Linked Warrants may only be issued 
in the form of Exempt Warrants. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Warrants issued by CGMHI will be equity 
linked Warrants. 
For the purposes hereof, "Issue Terms" means either (i) where the Warrants are Non-Exempt Warrants, 
the applicable Final Terms or (ii) where the Warrants are Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, and should be construed accordingly. 
References herein to the "applicable Issue Terms" are to Part A of the document (being the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, howsoever defined) attached to the Global Security. Copies of the WEC Agency 
Agreement, the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee and the applicable Issue Terms may be obtained during 
normal office hours from the specified office of each Warrant Agent and the registered office of CGMFL 
in Luxembourg (save that the any Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Warrantholder (as 
defined in General Condition 1(b)) and such Warrantholder must first produce evidence satisfactory to 
the relevant Warrant Agent as to its holding of Warrants and identity). 
The Warrantholders of English Law Warrants and Irish Law Warrants are entitled to the benefit of and 
are deemed to have notice of and are bound by all the provisions of the WEC Agency Agreement (insofar 
as they relate to the Warrants) and the applicable Issue Terms, which are binding on them. 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citibank N.A., London Branch, or Citibank N.A, New York Branch 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) shall undertake the duties of calculation agent (the 
"Calculation Agent") in respect of the Conditions of the Warrants unless another entity is so specified 
as calculation agent in the applicable Issue Terms. The expression Calculation Agent shall, in relation to 
the relevant Warrants, include such other specified calculation agent. 
Warrants may be represented by Regulation S Global Securities, Rule 144A Global Securities or 
Combined Global Securities, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 540 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
514 
 
German Law Warrants are not eligible for sale in the United States and will be represented by a 
Regulation S Global Security.  CGMFL will only issue Regulation S Global Securities. 
References herein to a "Global Security" include, as the context so requires, a Rule 144A Global Security, 
a Regulation S Global Security and a Combined Global Security. 
Each Regulation S Global Security or Combined Global Security (if any) will be deposited with a 
depositary (a "Common Depositary") on behalf of Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear").  Each Rule 144A Global Security (if any) 
will be either (i) deposited with the New York Warrant Agent as custodian (the "Custodian") for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or (ii) deposited with 
a Common Depositary, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
No definitive Warrants will be issued. 
The applicable Issue Terms for the Warrants are attached to the Global Security and either (a) in respect 
of Exempt Warrants, supplements the Conditions and may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, supplement, replace or 
modify the Conditions for the purpose of the Warrants or (b) in respect of non-Exempt Warrants, 
complete the Conditions and, in either case, to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, shall prevail 
for the purpose of the Warrants. 
As used herein, "Series" means an issue of Warrants together with any further issues of Warrants which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Warrants and (b) are 
identical in all respects with such Warrants (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for 
their respective Issue Dates and/or Issue Prices and, in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, the date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. References in the 
Conditions to "Issue Date" or "Issue Price" shall be to the Issue Date or the Issue Price of the first 
Tranche of Warrants, unless otherwise specified. 
Words and expressions defined in the WEC Agency Agreement (in respect of English Law Warrants or 
Irish Law Warrants) or used in the applicable Issue Terms shall have the same meanings where used in 
the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
1. 
Type, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Type 
In the case of Non-Exempt Warrants, the Warrants are Security Index Linked Warrants, 
Commodity Index Linked Warrants, Commodity Linked Warrants, Share Linked Warrants, 
Depositary Receipt Linked Warrants, ETF Linked Warrants, Mutual Fund Linked Warrants, FX 
Rate Linked Warrants or Rate Linked Warrants as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of Exempt Warrants, the Warrants are Security Index Linked Warrants, Commodity 
Index Linked Warrants, Commodity Linked Warrants, Share Linked Warrants, Depositary 
Receipt Linked Warrants, ETF Linked Warrants, Mutual Fund Linked Warrants, FX Rate 
Linked Warrants, Bespoke Index Linked Warrants, Rate Linked Warrants, Debt Linked 
Warrants, Credit Linked Warrants and/or any other or further type of warrants or combination 
of types of Warrants as is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The applicable Issue Terms will indicate, inter alia, whether the Warrants are American style 
Warrants ("American Style Warrants") or European style Warrants ("European Style 
Warrants") or multiple exercise Warrants ("Multiple Exercise Warrants") or such other type 
(including, without limitation, a combination thereof) as may be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, whether automatic exercise ("Automatic Exercise") applies to the Warrants, whether 
settlement shall be by way of cash payment ("Cash Settled Warrants" or "Cash Settled 
Securities") or physical delivery ("Physical Delivery Warrants" or "Physical Delivery 
Securities") and the type of Warrants, whether the Warrants may only be exercised in Units and 
whether the Warrants may be terminated early following a Mandatory Early Termination Event. 
If Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Warrants must be exercised in Units and 
any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be 
void and of no effect.

--- Page 541 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
515 
 
References in the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Cash Settled Warrants 
shall be deemed to include references to Physical Delivery Warrants which include an option 
(as set out in the applicable Issue Terms) at the Issuer's election to make cash settlement of such 
Warrants pursuant to General Condition 5(e) and where settlement is to be by way of cash 
payment. References in the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Physical 
Delivery Warrants shall be deemed to include references to Cash Settled Warrants which 
include an option (as set out in the applicable Issue Terms) at the Issuer's election to make 
physical delivery of the relevant Underlying in settlement of such Warrants pursuant to General 
Condition 5(e) and where settlement is to be by way of physical delivery. 
Warrants may, if so specified and provided for in the applicable Issue Terms, allow 
Warrantholders to elect for settlement by way of cash payment or by way of physical delivery 
or by such other method of settlement as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Those 
Warrants where the Warrantholder has elected for cash payment will be Cash Settled Warrants 
and those Warrants where the Warrantholder has elected for physical delivery will be Physical 
Delivery Warrants. The rights of a Warrantholder as described in this paragraph may be subject 
to the Issuer's right to vary settlement if so indicated in the applicable Issue Terms and will be 
subject, in certain circumstances, to the Issuer's right to substitute assets or to pay the Alternate 
Cash Amount (as defined below) in lieu of physical delivery in accordance with General 
Condition 5(f). 
(b) 
Title to Warrants 
English Law Warrants and Irish Law Warrants will be in registered form. German Law Warrants 
will be issued in bearer form and, consequently, references in the Conditions to the Registrar 
shall be disregarded in relation to German Law Warrants and references to Warrants represented 
by a Global Security held on behalf of a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear (a "Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security") shall be deemed 
to be (i) in the case of English Law Warrants and Irish Law Warrants, a reference to such 
Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security registered in the name of a nominee for and held by a 
Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and (ii) in the case 
of German Law Warrants, a reference to such Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security held by 
a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. Interest coupons 
will not be issued in respect of German Law Warrants. 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security,  subject as set 
forth in General Condition 1(c) below, each person who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Clearstream, Luxembourg or of Euroclear, as the holder of a particular amount of 
Warrants (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear as to the amount of Warrants standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall (except 
as otherwise required by law) be treated by the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Warrant 
Agents, the Registrar, the Authentication Agent, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and all 
other persons dealing with said person as the holder of such amount of Warrants for all purposes 
(and the expressions "Warrantholder", "Securityholder" and "holder of Warrants" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on 
behalf of DTC, the Rule 144A Global Security will be registered in the name of Cede & Co., as 
nominee of DTC but this does not confer any rights or benefits on Cede & Co. or any other 
nominee of DTC in whose name a Rule 144A Global Security may be registered.  Transfers of 
such Rule 144A Global Security by such nominee of DTC shall be limited to transfers of such 
Rule 144A Global Security, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a 
successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. Rights conferred by the Rule 144A Global 
Security are only enforceable by the Warrantholders (as defined below) as provided therein.  
Subject as set forth in General Condition 1(c) below, each person who is for the time being 
shown in the records of DTC as the holder of a particular amount of Warrants shall (except as 
otherwise required by law) be treated by the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and the Warrant 
Agents as the holder of such amount of Warrants for all purposes (and the expressions 
"Warrantholder", "Securityholder" and "holder of Warrants" and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly).

--- Page 542 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
516 
 
In respect of German Law Warrants represented by a Global Bearer Security held by a Common 
Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, the Warrantholders shall 
receive co-ownership participations in or rights with respect to the Global Bearer Security which 
are transferable in accordance with applicable law and the rules and regulations of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Transfers of Warrants 
Transfers of Warrants may not be effected after the exercise or termination of such Warrants 
pursuant to General Condition 6(d). 
Subject as set forth in this General Condition, all transactions (including permitted transfers of 
Warrants) in the open market or otherwise must be effected, in the case of Warrants represented 
by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, through an account at Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear or, in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC, through a direct or indirect participant of DTC, subject to and in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
Euroclear or DTC, as the case may be. Transfer of an interest in Warrants will be effected 
through registration of the transfer in the books of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or 
DTC (or a direct or indirect participant therein), as the case may be.  
Any reference herein to Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear and/or DTC shall, 
whenever the context so permits, include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system approved by the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Principal Warrant Agent and the 
Registrar from time to time and notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices). 
(a) 
Transfers of Warrants may be made only in accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
Interests in a Regulation S Global Security may not be sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred at any time within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any person other than (1) the Issuer or its affiliates or 
(2) a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in an offshore transaction in compliance 
with Regulation S. Furthermore, interests in a Regulation S Global Security 
may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  Each Regulation S Global Security, and any Warrant issued 
upon exchange, transfer or replacement of such Regulation S Global Security, 
shall bear a permanent legend regarding such restriction on transfer.  
(ii) 
Interests in a Rule 144A Global Security may not be sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred at any time to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
person other than (1) the Issuer or its affiliates or (2) a Permitted QIB 
Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A and the securities laws of each State 
of the United States.  Each Rule 144A Global Security, and any Warrant 
issued upon exchange, transfer or replacement of such Rule 144A Global 
Security, shall bear a permanent legend regarding such restriction on transfer. 
(iii) 
Interests in a Combined Global Security may not be sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred at any time to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
person other than (1) the Issuer or its affiliates, (2) a Permitted Non-U.S. 
Purchaser in an offshore transaction in compliance with Regulation S or (3) a 
Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A and the securities 
laws of each State of the United States.  Each Combined Global Security, and 
any Warrant issued upon exchange, transfer or replacement of such Combined 
Global Security, shall bear a permanent legend regarding such restriction on 
transfer. 
(b) 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below:

--- Page 543 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
517 
 
"Combined Global Security" means a certificate representing Securities, the form of 
which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Combined Global Registered 
WEC Security (a "Combined Global Registered WEC Security"). 
"Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser" means a person that (i) is outside the United States 
at the time of any offer or sale of the Warrants to it and is not a "U.S. person" as such 
term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; (ii) does not come within any 
definition of U.S. person for any purpose under the CEA or any rule, order, guidance 
or interpretation proposed or issued by the CFTC under the CEA (for the avoidance of 
doubt, a U.S. person shall include without limitation (a) any person who is either (x) 
not a "Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 
4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception 
for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons" or (y) not a 
"foreign located person" as defined in CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii) and (b) any person 
who is a "U.S. Person" or a "Significant Risk Subsidiary", or benefits from a 
"Guarantee", in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the 
CEA, as such rule may be amended, revised, supplemented or superseded); (iii) is not 
a "U.S. Person" as defined in Rule 3a71-3(a)(4) under the United States Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (iv) is not, and whose purchase and holding 
of the Warrants is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit 
plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement 
subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code") or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, 
rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the 
Code. 
"Permitted QIB Purchaser" means a person that (i) is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) 
the Warrants for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and is aware 
that the offer and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; and (ii) is not, and 
whose purchase and holding of the Warrants is not made on behalf of or with "plan 
assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement 
account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other plan or 
arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
"QIB" means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
"Regulation S Global Security" means a certificate representing Securities, the form 
of which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be (i) in respect of English Law 
Warrants and Irish Law Warrants, a Regulation S Global Registered WEC Security (a 
"Regulation S Global Registered WEC Security") or (ii) in respect of German Law 
Warrants, a Regulation S Global Bearer WEC Security (a "Regulation S Global 
Bearer WEC Security"). 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
"Rule 144A Global Security" means a certificate representing Securities, the form of 
which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Rule 144A Global Registered 
WEC Security (a "Rule 144A Global Registered WEC Security") in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

--- Page 544 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
518 
 
(c) 
Compulsory transfer 
The Issuer may: (i) compel any beneficial owner of an interest in the Warrants to certify 
periodically that such beneficial owner is a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a 
Permitted QIB Purchaser, as applicable; (ii) refuse to honour the transfer of an interest 
in the Warrants in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Warrants; and 
(iii) compel any beneficial owner who is not a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a 
Permitted QIB Purchaser, as applicable, to (A) sell its interest in the Warrants to a 
Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB Purchaser, as applicable, or (B) 
transfer its interest in the Warrants to the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer, in each 
case, at a price equal to the least of (x) the purchase price therefor paid by the beneficial 
owner and (y) the fair market value thereof.  Any purported transfer in violation of the 
transfer restrictions applicable to the Warrants will be null and void ab initio and will 
not operate to transfer any rights to the transferee, notwithstanding any instructions to 
the contrary to the Issuer or any agent of the Issuer. 
2. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of the Warrants 
The Warrants constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu and rateably among themselves and at least pari 
passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Issuer, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(b) 
Status of the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Warrants: only relevant for 
Warrants issued by CGMFL 
The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the Warrants issued by CGMFL under 
the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari 
passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMFL 
Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both 
mandatory and of general application. 
3. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions, the following general definitions will apply: 
"2006 Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA, as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Warrants. 
"2021 Definitions" means the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Warrants. 
"Actual Exercise Date" means (i) the Exercise Date (in the case of European Style Warrants) 
or (ii) in relation to each Exercise Date, that Exercise Date (in the case of Multiple Exercise 
Warrants), or (iii) subject to General Condition 7(a)(ii), the date during the Exercise Period on 
which the Warrant is actually or is deemed exercised (in the case of American Style Warrants 
(as more fully set out in General Condition 5(a)(i))). 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly 
or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity 
or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these 
purposes "control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Agents" means the Calculation Agent, the Principal Warrant Agent, the New York Warrant 
Agent, the Registrar and the Authentication Agent. 
"BGB" means the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch - BGB).

--- Page 545 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
519 
 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given to it in General Condition 4(a). 
"Brussels Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Brussels. 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the relevant Business Day Centre(s) and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear are open for business; and 
(b) 
for the purposes of making payments: 
(i) 
where the Settlement Currency is euro, any day on which T2 is open (a 
"TARGET2 Settlement Day"); or 
(ii) 
where the Settlement Currency is a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Settlement Currency (which, if the Settlement Currency is Australian 
dollars, New Zealand dollars or Renminbi shall be Sydney, Auckland and 
each relevant RMB Settlement Centre, respectively). 
Where "T2" is specified as a Business Day Centre in the applicable Issue Terms, a Business 
Day shall also be a TARGET2 Settlement Day. 
Where "T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system.  
"Business Day Convention" means, in respect of Fixed Rate Warrants, the business day 
convention specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Cash Settlement Amount" means, in relation to Cash Settled Warrants and an Actual Exercise 
Date, the amount to which the Warrantholder is entitled in the Settlement Currency in relation 
to such Actual Exercise Date and each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
General Condition 5(b)(i) or the applicable Issue Terms, as the case may be. 
"CEA" means the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
"CFTC" means the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and any successor 
thereto. 
"Code" means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Fixed Rate Warrant for any period of time, whether or not constituting an Interest Period (the 
"Calculation Period"): 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
where the number of days in the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the 
number of days in such Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or

--- Page 546 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
520 
 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Calculation Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365;  
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a payment falling in 
a leap year, 366; or 
(e) 
if "1/1" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 1.  
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle payments in each relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s), London and the principal financial centre of the country of the RMB 
Relevant Currency (which, if the RMB Relevant Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively, and if the RMB Relevant Currency is euro, 
shall be a TARGET2 Settlement Day). 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date). 
"Early Termination Amount" means in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, each Unit, as the case may be, an amount equal to the fair 
market value of such Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, (which shall include amounts in 
respect of interest in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, if so specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) (ignoring for the purposes of Condition 8 (Illegality in relation to the Warrants), the 
relevant illegality, on a day selected by the Issuer, less (unless "Costs for Unwinding Hedging 
Arrangements" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms) the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging or funding 
arrangements but taking into account, if already paid and if applicable, the Exercise Price(s), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Entitlement" means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, and an Actual Exercise Date or a 
Mandatory Early Termination Event, as the case may be, the quantity of the Relevant Asset or 
the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, which a Warrantholder is entitled to receive on the 
Settlement Date relating to such Actual Exercise Date in respect of each such Warrant or Unit, 
as the case may be, following payment of the relevant Exercise Price, if applicable, (and any 
other sums payable) rounded down as provided in General Condition 5(c)(ii), as determined by 
the Calculation Agent including any documents evidencing such Entitlement.

--- Page 547 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
521 
 
"Exercise Date" and "Exercise Dates" means the date or dates (if any) so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Exercise Expenses" means, in relation to a Warrant, all Taxes and/or expenses including any 
depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, which the Calculation Agent determines 
may be or would be, or would have been incurred (i) in connection with the exercise and/or 
termination of the Warrant and/or any payment and/or delivery in respect thereof, and (ii), if 
"Hedging Taxes" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, by the Issuer or any 
Affiliate had such entity unwound or varied any underlying related hedging arrangements in 
respect of the Warrant. 
"Exercise Period" means the exercise period (if any) so specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
"Exercise Price" means, in respect of a Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, each Unit, as the case may be, the price specified in relation to each 
Warrant or Unit, as applicable, in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Failure to Deliver Settlement Price" in respect of any relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case 
may be, shall be the fair market value of the Affected Relevant Assets (or, in the case of a 
Multiple Exercise Warrant, the Affected Relevant Assets in relation to the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date) on a day selected by the Issuer, less (unless "Costs for Unwinding Hedging 
Arrangements" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms) the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, but 
taking into account, if already paid and if applicable, the Exercise Price(s) in respect of the 
Affected Relevant Assets, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Fixed Rate Warrants" means an English Law Warrant in respect of which Fixed Rate Warrant 
Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including 
the central bank) of a relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or, as the case may be, relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s). 
"Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event" means any action, or any announcement of 
the intention to take any such action, including adoption of any law, regulation or order or the 
amendment, elimination, reinterpretation or promulgation of an interpretation, by any 
regulatory, self-regulatory, legislative or judicial authority with competent jurisdiction 
(including, without limitation, as implemented by the CFTC or any exchange or trading facility 
acting pursuant to CFTC authority) that (i) affects the definition of "bona fide hedging" as that 
term is used in CFTC regulations adopted under Section 4a(a) of the CEA (as at the Trade Date 
17 CFR 150.3) or that withdraws or limits as a matter of practice or policy any "hedge 
exemptions" previously granted by the CFTC or any such exchange or trading facility acting 
under authority granted pursuant to the CEA, or affects or otherwise amends such other 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified 
in this sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) increases the cost of the performance of the Issuer's obligations 
in respect of the Warrants or the cost of acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, 
maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent 
deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
under the Warrants, whether individually or on a portfolio basis, in each case occurring after the 
Trade Date and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic 
of China. 
"Interest Amount" has the meaning given to it in General Condition 4(a). 
"Interest Commencement Date" means, in relation to Fixed Rate Warrants, the Issue Date or 
such other date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 548 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
522 
 
"Interest Period End Date" means, in relation to Fixed Rate Warrants, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, each Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Payment Date" and "Interest Payment Dates" mean, in relation to Fixed Rate 
Warrants, the date or dates specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Interest Period" means, in relation to Fixed Rate Warrants, the period beginning on (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest 
Period End Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period 
End Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period End Date. 
"Interest Rate" means, in relation to Fixed Rate Warrants, the rate of interest payable from time 
to time in respect of Fixed Rate Warrants and which is either specified, or calculated in 
accordance with the provisions, herein or in the applicable Issue Terms and, where more than 
one rate is so specified, the rate shall be that which is specified in respect of the relevant Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"In-the-Money" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Cash Settled Warrants, the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of such 
Cash Settled Warrants and the relevant Actual Exercise Date is greater than zero; and 
(b) 
in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants, the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the fair market value of the Entitlement in relation to the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date in respect of such Warrant (less (unless "Costs for Unwinding Hedging 
Arrangements" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms) the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, but taking into account, if already paid and if applicable, the Exercise 
Price) is greater than zero, 
in all cases, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor 
thereto. 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Luxembourg Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Luxembourg. 
"Mandatory Early Termination Amount" means, in relation to a Mandatory Early 
Termination Event, the amount to which the Warrantholder is entitled in the Settlement 
Currency in relation to such Mandatory Early Termination Event and each Warrant or, if Units 
are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the Valuation and Settlement Schedule or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, which, if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
may include accrued interest. 
"Mandatory Early Termination Event" means, in relation to Exempt Warrants, the event (if 
any) specified in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule or in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be. 
"Mandatory Early Termination Date" means, in relation to Exempt Warrants, each date (if 
any) specified in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule or the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Minimum Exercise Number" means the minimum number of Warrants (if any) that may be 
exercises on any day by any Warrantholder, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable.

--- Page 549 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
523 
 
"New York Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in New York. 
"Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser" means a person who (i) is not a "U.S. person" (as such term 
is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S), (ii) is both (A) a "Non-United States person" 
as such term is defined under the CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) under the CEA, but excluding, for 
the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not 
"Non-United States persons" and (B) a "foreign located person" as defined in CFTC Rule 
3.10(c)(1)(ii), (iii) is not a "U.S. Person" or a "Significant Risk Subsidiary", and does not benefit 
from a "Guarantee", in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the 
CEA (in each case as such rules may be amended, revised, supplemented or superseded), and 
(iv) is not a "U.S. Person" as defined in Rule 3a71-3(a)(4) under the Exchange Act as defined 
herein. If a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser is acquiring the Warrants is doing so for the account 
or benefit of another person, such other person must also be a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser.  
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
"RMB Disruption Event" means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of a 
RMB Illiquidity, a RMB Inconvertibility or a RMB Non-Transferability. 
Where: 
"Hedging Position" means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) 
other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into 
or maintained by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in order to hedge, individually 
or on a portfolio basis, the Warrants. 
"RMB Illiquidity" means the occurrence of any event or circumstances whereby (i) 
the general Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, 
without limitation, the existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of which 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the CGMFL Guarantor cannot obtain sufficient 
Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under the Warrants or (if applicable) any 
party to a Hedging Position would not be able to obtain sufficient Renminbi in order 
to perform its obligations under such Hedging Position; or (ii) it becomes impossible 
or impractical for the Issuer (or, if applicable, would be impossible or impractical for 
any party to a Hedging Position) to obtain a firm quote of the exchange rate, in each 
case, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event or existence of any 
condition that has the effect of it being impossible, impracticable or illegal for, or has 
the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, the Issuer or 
(if applicable) any party to a Hedging Position to convert (i) any amount as may be 
required to be paid by any party on any payment date in respect of the Warrants or (if 
applicable) any Hedging Position; or (ii) such other amount as may be determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be necessary to fulfil the physical delivery obligations (if any) 
on any settlement date, in Renminbi, other than where such impossibility, 
impracticality or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any 
of its Affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade 
Date of the first Tranche of this Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for 
the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of that 
party, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer or (if applicable) any party to a 
Hedging Position and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver Renminbi between accounts 
inside any relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from an account inside the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside any relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) (including where the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in a relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended)

--- Page 550 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
524 
 
or from an account outside a relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account inside 
a relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility, 
impracticality or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any 
of its Affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade 
Date of the first Tranche of this Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for 
that party and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of that party 
and/or any of its Affiliates (as applicable), to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"RMB Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before 
the date of the relevant payment or delivery under the Warrants. 
"RMB Settlement Centre(s)" means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be Hong Kong. 
"RMB Spot Rate" means, in respect of an RMB Determination Date, the spot CNY/RMB 
Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of the RMB Relevant Currency with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) for settlement in two Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at or around the RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time on the RMB Determination 
Date by reference to the RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page. If such rate is not available, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into consideration all available information 
which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including pricing information obtained from the 
Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or 
elsewhere and the CNY/RMB Relevant Currency exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign 
exchange market. Where there is more than one RMB Settlement Centre and the rate determined 
as provided in this definition differs for any such RMB Settlement Centre, the Calculation Agent 
shall select the applicable rate to be the RMB Spot Rate (and may, for the avoidance of doubt, 
select the lowest such rate). All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this definition of RMB Spot Rate by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence 
of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Euroclear and all Warrantholders. 
Where: 
(i) 
"RMB Relevant Currency" means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(ii) 
"RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
"RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page" means the screen page specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms (or any successor or replacement screen page or information 
provider thereto as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Section 871(m) Event" means that the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any Hedging 
Party (as defined in General Condition 17 (Acknowledgement of the United States Special 
Resolution Regimes) is (or, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable 
likelihood that, within the next 30 Business Days, the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any 
Hedging Party will become) subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, with respect to the 
Warrants and/or any Hedging Positions (as defined in General Condition 17 (Acknowledgement 
of the United States Special Resolution Regimes)). 
"Settlement Date" means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, the date specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Taxes" means, with respect to any jurisdiction, all retrospective, present, future, contingent, 
pending or anticipated taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments or

--- Page 551 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
525 
 
other charges imposed by any governmental, national, state or local authority (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, income, corporate, corporation, capital, gross receipts, windfall profits, 
severance, property, production, sales, use, license, excise, value added, franchise, employment, 
stamp, withholding, transfer, registration or similar taxes and national insurance, social security 
and other similar contributions), together with any interest, additions to tax or penalties 
applicable thereto and any interest in respect of such additions or penalties. For the avoidance 
of doubt, Taxes will include any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, 
assessments or other charges of any kind imposed by any general anti-avoidance rules or 
legislation relating to taxation, or any authoritative guidance or regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
"Termination Cut-off Date" means, in relation to Exempt Warrants, the date so specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement (if any). 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is 
specified, the Issue Date. 
"Underlyings" means the Security Index, Security Indices, Commodity Index or Commodity 
Indices, Share, Shares, Depositary Receipt, Depositary Receipts, ETF Share, ETF Shares, Fund 
Interest, Fund Interests, FX Rate, FX Rates, Bespoke Index, Bespoke Indices, Rate, Rates, Debt 
Security, Debt Securities or other asset or assets underlying the Warrants and each an 
"Underlying". 
"United States" means the United States of America, including the States and the District of 
Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction. 
"U.S. person" has the meaning given in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
"Weighting" means, in respect of an Underlying, the weighting specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Warrants 
Each Fixed Rate Warrant bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Interest Rate(s). Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Settlement Date or the 
Mandatory Early Termination Date (if applicable), if earlier. Interest shall be paid to the person 
shown in the records of Clearstream, Luxembourg or of Euroclear at the close of business on 
the day before the due date for payment thereof. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling on or about such date will amount to the "Interest Amount". Payments of interest 
on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amount to the 
"Broken Amount" so specified. 
Except where an applicable Interest Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Period, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the relevant Interest Rate to, in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants which are 
represented by a Global Security, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Fixed Rate 
Warrants represented by such Global Security, and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
With respect to any Warrants that are Fixed Rate Warrants, (i) notwithstanding the provisions 
of General Condition 5(a)(i), 5(a)(ii) and 5(a)(iii), in each case in which a Warrant would 
otherwise expire worthless or become void as set out therein, any accrued but unpaid interest 
shall be payable on the relevant Expiration Date or Actual Exercise Date (as applicable) and (ii)

--- Page 552 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
526 
 
for the avoidance of doubt, interest shall not accrue, nor shall it be payable, during any Exercise 
Period Extension (as defined in General Condition 5(a)(i)). 
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in the Conditions is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention and (x) such day would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day or (y) there is no numerically corresponding day in 
the calendar months in which such date should occur, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) the Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day, (ii) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (iii) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this General 
Condition by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Agents, the Calculation Agent and 
all Warrantholders, and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, 
the CGMFL Guarantor or the Warrantholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest  
Each Fixed Rate Warrant will cease to bear interest (if any) from its Settlement Date, or 
Mandatory Early Termination Date (if applicable), if earlier, unless payment of principal and/or 
delivery of all assets deliverable is improperly withheld or refused on such Settlement Date or 
Mandatory Early Termination Date (as applicable). In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Warrant have been paid and/or all 
assets deliverable in respect of such Warrant have been delivered; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Warrant has been received by the relevant Warrant Agent and/or all assets in 
respect of such Warrant have been received by any agent appointed by the Issuer to 
deliver such assets to Warrantholders and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices), 
PROVIDED THAT, if (A) in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants which are Physical Delivery 
Warrants, the Settlement Date or Mandatory Early Termination Date (as applicable) is 
postponed due to the subsistence of a Settlement Disruption Event on such date in accordance 
with General Condition 5(c)(iii), or (B) payment of amounts due and/or delivery of all assets 
deliverable in connection with the Warrants is withheld or refused on such Settlement Date or 
Mandatory Early Termination Date (as applicable) as result of an event or circumstances which 
are outside the control of the Issuer, then, in each case, interest shall not accrue, nor shall it be 
payable, beyond the date that would have otherwise been the Settlement Date or Mandatory 
Early Termination Date (as applicable) but for the occurrence of the events outlined in (A) and 
(B) above. 
5. 
Exercise Rights and Early Termination 
(a) 
Exercise Period 
(i) 
American Style Warrants

--- Page 553 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
527 
 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Business Day during the Exercise 
Period but subject as provided in General Condition 7 (Minimum and Maximum 
Number of Warrants Exercisable). 
Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in the 
case of Warrants represented by a Global Security registered in the name of a nominee 
for and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, any American Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as 
defined in General Condition 6(a)) has been delivered in the manner set out in General 
Condition 6 (Exercise and termination procedure), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., 
Luxembourg or Brussels time, as the case may be, on the last Business Day of the 
Exercise Period (the "Expiration Date"), shall become void.  
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in the 
case of Warrants represented by a Global Security registered in the name of a nominee 
for and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, any such American Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice 
has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6 (Exercise and 
termination procedure), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, as the 
case may be, on the Expiration Date and which, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, is "In-the-Money" shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date. Any 
such Warrant shall otherwise expire worthless. Automatic Exercise applies in respect 
of German Law Warrants.  
In the case of Warrants represented by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, the 
Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered 
prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate), to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, and the copy thereof so received by the 
Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar, or, if Automatic Exercise is specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice has been delivered at 
or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, as the case may be, on the 
Expiration Date, the Expiration Date is referred to herein as the Actual Exercise Date. 
If any such Exercise Notice is received by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as 
the case may be, or if the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent and 
the Registrar, in each case, after 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as 
appropriate), on any Business Day during the Exercise Period or on any day which is 
not a Business Day, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on 
the next Business Day, which Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise 
Date, PROVIDED THAT any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice 
has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6 (Exercise and 
termination procedure) at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as 
appropriate), on the Expiration Date shall (i), if Automatic Exercise is not specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms, become void or (ii), if Automatic Exercise is 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, be automatically exercised on the 
Expiration Date as provided above. 
Rule 144A Global Securities held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in the 
case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on 
behalf of DTC, any American Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice 
has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6 (Exercise and 
termination procedure), at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the New York 
Business Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date, shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in the 
case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on 
behalf of DTC, any such American Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6 (Exercise and

--- Page 554 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
528 
 
termination procedure), at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the New York 
Business Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date and which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-Money" shall be automatically 
exercised on the Expiration Date. Any such Warrant shall otherwise expire worthless. 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC, (a) the Business Day during the Exercise Period 
immediately succeeding the New York Business Day on which an Exercise Notice is 
received prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, by the New York Warrant Agent and 
a copy thereof so received by the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar or (b), if 
Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and no 
Exercise Notice has been delivered at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on 
the New York Business Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date, the 
Expiration Date is referred to herein as the "Actual Exercise Date". If any such 
Exercise Notice is received by the New York Warrant Agent, or if the copy thereof is 
received by the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar, in each case, after 5.00 p.m. 
on any New York Business Day or on any day which is not a New York Business Day, 
such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next New York 
Business Day and the New York Business Day immediately succeeding such next New 
York Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, PROVIDED 
THAT any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in 
the manner set out in General Condition 6 (Exercise and termination procedure), at or 
prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately 
preceding the Expiration Date shall (i), if Automatic Exercise is not specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms, become void or (ii), if Automatic Exercise is 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, be automatically exercised on the 
Expiration Date as provided above. 
Extension of Exercise Period 
If "Extension of Exercise Period" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Exercise Period may be extended by the Issuer by giving notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) (the period of 
extension only, the "Exercise Period Extension"). For the avoidance of doubt, in the 
case of Fixed Rate Warrants, interest shall not accrue, nor shall it be payable, during 
the Exercise Period Extension. 
(ii) 
European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise Date, but subject as 
provided in General Condition 7 (Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants 
Exercisable). 
Clearstream / Euroclear Global Securities 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, if 
Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
European Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered 
in the manner set out in General Condition 6 (Exercise and termination procedure), at 
or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate), on the Exercise 
Date (the "Actual Exercise Date"), shall become void.  
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, any such 
European Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered 
in the manner set out in General Condition 6 (Exercise and termination procedure), at 
or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate) on the Actual 
Exercise Date and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-
Money", shall be automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date. Any such 
Warrant shall otherwise expire worthless. Automatic Exercise applies in respect of 
German Law Warrants.

--- Page 555 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
529 
 
Rule 144A Global Securities held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any European Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6 (Exercise and 
termination procedure), at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the New York 
Business Day immediately preceding the Exercise Date (the "Actual Exercise Date") 
shall become void. If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, any such European Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6 (Exercise and 
termination procedure), at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the New York 
Business Day immediately preceding the Actual Exercise Date and which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-Money" shall be automatically 
exercised on the Actual Exercise Date. Any such Warrant shall otherwise expire 
worthless. 
(iii) 
Multiple Exercise Warrants 
Multiple Exercise Warrants are only exercisable on each Exercise Date, but subject as 
provided in General Condition 7.  
Clearstream / Euroclear Global Securities 
In the case of a Multiple Exercise Warrant represented by a Clearstream / Euroclear 
Global Security: 
(A) 
if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms and no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
General Condition 6 (Exercise and termination procedure), at or prior to 
10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate) on an Exercise 
Date (each an "Actual Exercise Date"), subject to the payment of interest (if 
any) as described in General Condition 4, neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL 
Guarantor shall have any obligations in respect of such Warrant in relation to 
such Actual Exercise Date; and 
(B) 
if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms 
and no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General 
Condition 6 (Exercise and termination procedure), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., 
Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate) on an Actual Exercise Date and 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-Money", such 
Warrant shall be automatically exercised on such Actual Exercise Date. The 
Warrantholders rights in respect of any such Warrant shall otherwise expire 
worthless in respect of such Actual Exercise Date. Automatic Exercise applies 
in respect of German Law Warrants. 
Rule 144A Global Securities held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC 
In the case of a Multiple Exercise Warrant represented by a Rule 144A Global Security 
held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC: 
(A) 
if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms and no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
General Condition 6 (Exercise and termination procedure), at or prior to 5.00 
p.m., New York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately 
preceding an Exercise Date (each an "Actual Exercise Date"), neither the 
Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor shall have any obligations in respect of such 
Warrant in relation to such Actual Exercise Date; and 
(B) 
if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms 
and no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General 
Condition 6 (Exercise and termination procedure), at or prior to 5.00 p.m.,

--- Page 556 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
530 
 
New York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding 
an Actual Exercise Date and which, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, is "In-the-Money", such Warrant shall be automatically exercised on 
such Actual Exercise Date. Any such Warrant shall otherwise expire 
worthless. 
(iv) 
Mandatory Early Termination 
If in relation to Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies that 
Mandatory Early Termination applies, the Warrants may be terminated early by the 
Issuer following the occurrence of a Mandatory Early Termination Event, as further 
described in General Condition 5(b)(ii), the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Clearstream / Euroclear Global Securities 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, in 
order to receive the Mandatory Early Termination Amount on the Mandatory Early 
Termination Date, Warrantholders must deliver a duly completed Exercise Notice in 
accordance with the provisions of General Condition 6 (Exercise and termination 
procedure) at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, as appropriate, on 
the Termination Cut-off Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If a duly completed Exercise Notice is received by Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear or the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent and the 
Registrar later than 10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time, as appropriate, on the 
relevant Termination Cut-off Date, then (subject as provided in General Condition 
6(c)), following receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice, any relevant Mandatory 
Early Termination Amount will be delivered as soon as practicable after the relevant 
Mandatory Early Termination Date, at the risk of such Warrantholder. If the Exercise 
Notice is received by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, or if 
the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar, in each 
case, after 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate), on any Business 
Day, or on a day which is not a Business Day, such Exercise Notice shall be deemed 
to have been delivered on the next Business Day. 
Rule 144A Global Securities held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC, in order to receive the Mandatory Early Termination 
Amount on the Mandatory Early Termination Date, Warrantholders must deliver a duly 
completed Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 6 
(Exercise and termination procedure), at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, 
on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the Termination Cut-off Date 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
If a duly completed Exercise Notice is received by the New York Warrant Agent, or if 
the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar later than 
5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding 
the relevant Termination Cut-off Date, then (subject as provided in General Condition 
6(c)), following receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice, any relevant Mandatory 
Early Termination Amount will be delivered as soon as practicable after the relevant 
Mandatory Early Termination Date, at the risk of such Warrantholder. If the Exercise 
Notice is received by the New York Warrant Agent, or if the copy thereof is received 
by the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar, in each case, after 5.00 p.m., New 
York City time, on any New York Business Day, or on a day which is not a New York 
Business Day, such Exercise Notice shall be deemed to have been delivered on the 
next New York Business Day.

--- Page 557 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
531 
 
(b) 
Settlement on exercise and early termination 
(i) 
Settlement on exercise 
The provisions relating to settlement upon due exercise of the Warrants shall be as 
specified in Part B of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(ii) 
Early Termination 
If a Mandatory Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall or, if so specified in 
the relevant Schedule or, in the case of Exempt Warrants, in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement may, elect to terminate the Warrants and, if so terminated, each Warrant 
or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
will entitle its holder, subject, in the case of Warrants represented by a Regulation S 
Global Security or a Combined Global Security (in respect of interests held by persons 
who are not Permitted QIB Purchasers) to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, to receive from the Issuer on the immediately following Mandatory Early 
Termination Date the relevant Mandatory Early Termination Amount, less any 
Exercise Expenses (where the Mandatory Early Termination Amount is a cash amount) 
or subject to payment of any Exercise Expenses (where the Mandatory Early 
Termination Amount is the Entitlement). Upon payment or delivery, as the case may 
be, of the Mandatory Early Termination Amount payable or deliverable, as the case 
may be, on such Mandatory Early Termination Date, the Issuer and the CGMFL 
Guarantor will have no further obligations in respect of the Warrants. 
Where the Mandatory Early Termination Amount is a cash amount, the Warrants shall 
be Cash Settled Warrants and where the Mandatory Early Termination Amount is the 
Entitlement, the Warrants shall be Physical Delivery Warrants. 
The Issuer will as soon as practicable notify the Principal Warrant Agent and the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) of the occurrence 
of a Mandatory Early Termination Event. Without limiting the obligation of the Issuer 
to give notice to the Warrantholders as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, 
failure by the Issuer to notify the Warrantholders of the occurrence of a Mandatory 
Early Termination Event shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and the effect 
of the Mandatory Early Termination Event. 
(iii) 
Cash Settlement and Physical Settlement on exercise or early termination 
Where the Warrants are to be settled either (i) by way of cash payment AND by way 
of physical delivery or (ii) by way of cash payment or physical delivery, at the option 
of the Issuer or the Warrantholder, references herein to "Cash Settled Warrants" shall 
apply to the Warrants where settlement is to be by payment of a cash amount and 
references in the Conditions to "Physical Delivery Warrants" shall also apply to the 
Warrants where the Entitlement becomes deliverable and vice versa. 
(c) 
Settlement procedures 
(i) 
Cash Payments 
Each cash amount, including, in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, interest amounts, 
payable in respect of the Warrants will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places 
(or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the relevant Settlement 
Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half a unit) being rounded upwards, 
with (a) Warrants exercised at the same time by the same Warrantholder in respect of 
the same Actual Exercise Date (together with, in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, any 
accrued interest) and (b) Warrants held by the same Warrantholder on termination 
following the occurrence of a Mandatory Early Termination Event being aggregated 
for the purpose of determining the aggregate cash amounts payable in respect of such 
Warrants or Units, as the case may be, and such Actual Exercise Date or Mandatory 
Early Termination Date, as the case may be,

--- Page 558 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
532 
 
Subject as provided herein, on each date on which a cash amount falls to be paid in 
respect of any Warrant, the Issuer shall, on the relevant date, pay or cause to be paid 
the aggregate cash amounts due on such date (less any Exercise Expenses) (a) in the 
case of Warrants represented by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, (in respect 
of Global Registered Securities) to a nominee of the relevant Common Depositary as 
the registered holder or (in respect of Global Bearer Securities) to the bearer of the 
relevant Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, or (b) in the case of Warrants 
represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, 
which is automatically exercised, to the account of the relevant Warrantholder notified 
to the Principal Warrant Agent and the New York Warrant Agent by such 
Warrantholder, subject to any applicable procedures or requirements of DTC in 
relation to DTC participants that maintain accounts for such Warrantholder; or (c) in 
all other cases, to the account of the relevant Warrantholder specified in the relevant 
Exercise Notice. 
Any such payment (i) to the person shown as the relevant accountholder in the records 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear in respect of any Clearstream / Euroclear 
Global Security; or (ii) to the account of the relevant Warrantholder notified to the 
Principal Warrant Agent and the New York Warrant Agent by such Warrantholder in 
the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian 
on behalf of DTC; or (iii) to an account of the relevant Warrantholder specified in the 
relevant Exercise Notice, shall be made in accordance with the rules of the relevant 
clearing system or institution where the account is held and which shall, in the case of 
a payment in Renminbi, be to an account denominated in Renminbi and maintained by 
the payee with an institution in a relevant RMB Settlement Centre.  
In the case of Warrants represented by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, the 
Issuer will be discharged by payment to or to the order of the registered holder or the 
bearer of the relevant Global Security as provided above in respect of the amount so 
paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular number of the Warrants 
must look solely to Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, for his 
share of each such payment so made by the Issuer to the Common Depositary. In the 
case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on 
behalf of DTC, which is automatically exercised, the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to the relevant clearing system or institution where the relevant account is 
held in respect of the amount so paid. The person shown as the relevant accountholder 
must look solely to the relevant clearing system or institution where the account is held 
for the payment made in respect of such payment so made by the Issuer. 
All payments, including, in respect of Fixed Rate Warrants, interest payments, will be 
subject, in all cases, to (i) any fiscal or other laws, rules and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, (ii) the provisions of General Condition 12 (Expenses 
and Taxation) and (iii) any withholding or deduction, including any such withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code ("871(m) 
Withholding") and, where payments are made in Renminbi, will be made in 
accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to 
time with respect to settlement in Renminbi in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s). 
In addition, for the purposes of 871(m) Withholding with respect to any amounts to be 
paid on the Warrants, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend 
equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate 
applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such 
withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
With respect to Warrants that provide for a payment expiration or earlier termination 
or exercise that is determined by reference to the value of an "underlying security" (as 
defined for the purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) (which, for avoidance of 
doubt, includes an index) all payments on such Warrants that reference such an 
underlying security (or index) will reflect the deemed reinvestment of any dividends 
paid over the term of the Warrant in respect of the number of shares of such underlying 
security to which the Warrant relates, net of the maximum amount of U.S. withholding

--- Page 559 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
533 
 
tax that would be applicable to each such dividend (currently, 30 per cent.). In such 
case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, 
and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, the maximum amount of U.S. withholding 
tax that would be applicable to any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in 
Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant underlying securities. The Issuer 
will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld 
under Section 871(m).  
(ii) 
Physical Delivery 
Subject as provided below, Physical Delivery Warrants or Units, as the case may be, 
which are either (i) exercised at the same time by the same Warrantholder or (ii) held 
by the same Warrantholder at the time of early termination following the occurrence 
of a Mandatory Early Termination Event will be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Warrants or Units, as the 
case may be, and such Actual Exercise Date or Mandatory Early Termination Event, 
as the case may be, PROVIDED THAT the aggregate Entitlements in respect of the 
same Warrantholder and the same Actual Exercise Date or Mandatory Early 
Termination Event, as the case may be, will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit 
of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
If, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies that 
"Aggregation of Entitlements" does not apply, the Entitlement in respect of each 
Warrant will be rounded up or down (as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant 
Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Therefore, fractions (the "Fractional Entitlement") of the Relevant Asset or of each 
of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and no cash or other 
adjustment will be made in respect thereof unless "Cash Adjustment" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement. If "Cash Adjustment" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Issuer shall pay to the relevant 
Warrantholder a cash amount in the Settlement Currency (to be paid at the same time 
as delivery of the Entitlement) equal to the Value (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) of such Fractional Entitlement, calculated as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Subject as provided herein and subject to payment of the aggregate Exercise Prices (if 
applicable) and payment or deduction of any Exercise Expenses with regard to the 
relevant Warrants or Units, as the case may be, the Issuer shall (i) on the relevant 
Settlement Date or Mandatory Early Termination Date, as the case may be, deliver, or 
procure the delivery of, the Entitlement for each duly exercised or terminated Warrant 
or Unit, as the case may be, pursuant to the details specified in the applicable Exercise 
Notice, or (in the case of Warrants (other than German Law Warrants) which are 
automatically exercised) pursuant to the details notified to the Principal Warrant Agent 
by the relevant Warrantholder, subject to any applicable procedures or requirements of 
DTC in relation to DTC participants that maintain accounts for such Warrantholder 
and (ii) shall make or shall procure payment of any accrued interest. Subject as 
provided in this General Condition 5(c) and General Condition 5(d), the Entitlement 
shall be delivered and payment of any accrued interest shall be made in such manner 
as set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Following exercise of a Warrant which is a Physical Delivery Warrant or following the 
occurrence of a Mandatory Early Termination Event in respect of a Warrant where the 
Mandatory Early Termination Amount is the Entitlement, all dividends or other 
distributions (each a "dividend") in respect of the Relevant Assets to be delivered 
(together with, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, accrued interest) will be 
payable to the Warrantholder if such Warrantholder would have received such 
dividend following a sale of the Relevant Assets executed on the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date or on the date of the occurrence of the Mandatory Early Termination

--- Page 560 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
534 
 
Event, as the case may be, and to be delivered in the same manner as such Relevant 
Assets. Any such dividends to be paid to a Warrantholder will be paid to the account 
specified by the Warrantholder in the relevant Exercise Notice as referred to in General 
Condition 6(a)(i)(I) or (in the case of Warrants (other than German Law Warrants) 
which are automatically exercised) pursuant to the account notified to the Principal 
Warrant Agent by the relevant Warrantholder, subject to any applicable procedures or 
requirements of DTC in relation to DTC participants that maintain accounts for such 
Warrantholder. 
All deliveries will be subject, in all cases, to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of delivery, (ii) the provisions of Condition 12 (Expenses 
and Taxation) and (iii) any 871(m) Withholding. In addition, in determining the 
amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be delivered 
on the Warrants, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" 
(as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable 
to such delivery regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding 
otherwise available under applicable law. 
With respect to Warrants that provide for a payment at expiration or earlier termination 
or exercise that is determined by reference to the value of an "underlying security" (as 
defined for the purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) (which, for avoidance of 
doubt, includes an index), all deliveries on such Warrants that reference such an 
underlying security (or index) will reflect the deemed reinvestment of any dividends 
paid over the term of the Warrant in respect of the number of shares of such underlying 
security to which the Warrant relates, net of the maximum amount of U.S. withholding 
tax that would be applicable to each such dividend (currently, 30 per cent.). In such 
case, in calculating the relevant delivery amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, 
and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, the maximum amount of U.S. withholding 
tax that would be applicable to any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in 
Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant underlying securities. The Issuer 
will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld 
under Section 871(m) of the Code.  
(iii) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Warrants in respect of an Actual 
Exercise Date or following the occurrence of a Mandatory Early Termination Event 
where the Mandatory Early Termination Amount is the Entitlement, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, delivery of the relevant Entitlement using the method of 
delivery specified, in the case of Exempt Warrants, in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event (as defined 
below) subsisting on any Settlement Date or Mandatory Early Termination Date, as 
the case may be, then such Settlement Date or Mandatory Early Termination Date, as 
the case may be, for such Warrants shall be postponed to the first following Settlement 
Business Day in respect of which no Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting, 
PROVIDED THAT the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the 
relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, and such Actual Exercise Date or 
Mandatory Early Termination Event, as the case may be, by delivering the relevant 
Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select, and in 
such event, the relevant Settlement Date or Mandatory Early Termination Date, as the 
case may be, shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with 
delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or Mandatory Early 
Termination Event, as the case may be, in such other commercially reasonable manner. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not 
all of the Relevant Assets (or, if applicable, Substitute Assets) comprising the 
Entitlement, the relevant Settlement Date or Mandatory Early Termination Date, as the 
case may be, for the Relevant Assets (or, if applicable, Substitute Assets) not affected 
by the Settlement Disruption Event will be that originally designated Settlement Date 
or Mandatory Early Termination Date, as the case may be. In the event that a 
Settlement Disruption Event will result in the delivery on the relevant Settlement Date 
or Mandatory Early Termination Date, as the case may be, of some but not all of the

--- Page 561 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
535 
 
Relevant Assets (or, if applicable, Substitute Assets) comprising the Entitlement, the 
Calculation Agent shall, if applicable, determine the appropriate pro rata portion of 
the Exercise Price to be paid by the relevant Warrantholder in respect of, or deducted  
from, that partial settlement. 
For so long as delivery of the Entitlement in respect of an Actual Exercise Date or 
Mandatory Early Termination Event, as the case may be, is not practicable by reason 
of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, and such 
Actual Exercise Date or Mandatory Early Termination Event, as the case may be, by 
payment to the relevant Warrantholder of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price (as 
defined below) not later than the third Business Day following the date that notice of 
such election is given to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 
(Notices). Payment of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be made in such 
manner and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders 
in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) that a Settlement Disruption Event 
has occurred. 
If the Entitlement is delivered later than the date on which delivery would otherwise 
have taken place as provided above, until delivery of the Entitlement is made to the 
Warrantholder, the Issuer or any person on behalf thereof shall continue to be the legal 
owner of the assets comprising the Entitlement. None of the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor, any Affiliate of either of them and any other person shall (i) be under any 
obligation to deliver or procure delivery to such Warrantholder or any subsequent 
transferee any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment 
whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the holder of such assets, (ii) be 
under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including 
voting rights) attaching to such assets until the date of delivery or (iii) be under any 
liability to such Warrantholder or any subsequent transferee in respect of any loss or 
damage which such Warrantholder or subsequent transferee may sustain or suffer as a 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being the legal owner of such assets 
until the date of delivery. 
No Warrantholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Warrant 
or Unit, as the case may be, in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement 
due to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect 
thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, 
in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, if the Settlement Date or Mandatory Early 
Termination Date (as applicable) is postponed due to the subsistence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event, interest shall not accrue, nor shall it be payable, beyond the date that 
would have otherwise been the Settlement Date or Mandatory Early Termination Date 
(as applicable) but for the subsistence of a Settlement Disruption Event on such date. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Disruption Cash Settlement Price" in respect of any relevant Warrant or Unit, as 
the case may be, shall be the fair market value of the Entitlement (or, in the case of a 
Multiple Exercise Warrant, the Entitlement in relation to the relevant Actual Exercise 
Date) on a day selected by the Issuer (taking into account, where the Settlement 
Disruption Event affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets (or, if applicable, 
Substitute Assets) comprising the Entitlement and such non-affected Relevant Assets 
(or, if applicable, Substitute Assets) have been duly delivered as provided above, the 
value of such Relevant Assets (or if applicable, Substitute Assets)), less (unless "Costs 
for Unwinding Hedging Arrangements" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, but taking into account, if already paid and 
if applicable, the Exercise Price (or, where, as provided above, some Relevant Assets

--- Page 562 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
536 
 
(or, if applicable, Substitute Assets) have been delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof 
has been paid, such pro rata portion), all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer cannot make 
delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) (or, if applicable, Substitute Asset(s)) using the 
method specified, in the case of Exempt Warrants, in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and shall include, but shall not be limited to, (i) a failure by the 
Warrantholder to obtain any requisite approval from the applicable regulatory 
authorities necessary for settlement of the Warrants by way of physical delivery and 
(ii) the Issuer not being able to effect physical delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) (or if 
applicable, Substitute Asset(s)) due to U.S. Securities law issues or other applicable 
laws of any other relevant jurisdiction or otherwise. 
(iv) 
Any Exercise Expenses in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants shall be borne by the 
relevant Warrantholder and: 
(A) 
in respect of English Law Warrants or Irish Law Warrants, shall either be: 
(1) 
paid to the Issuer by such Warrantholder prior to the delivery of the 
Entitlement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be 
required to deliver any Entitlement to such Warrantholder until it has 
received such payment); or 
(2) 
deducted by the Issuer from any cash amount owing to such 
Warrantholder and paid by the Issuer on behalf of the Warrantholder 
or paid by the Issuer on behalf of such Warrantholder by converting 
such amount of the Entitlement as necessary to pay the Exercise 
Expenses, 
as specified by the Warrantholder in the relevant Exercise Notice or (in the 
case of Warrants which are automatically exercised) as notified to the 
Principal Warrant Agent by the relevant Warrantholder, subject to any 
applicable procedures or requirements of DTC in relation to DTC participants 
that maintain accounts for such Warrantholder. 
If any Exercise Expenses are not paid by a Warrantholder pursuant to the 
above, the relevant Warrantholder shall be deemed to authorise the Issuer to 
convert and the Issuer may convert such amount of the Entitlement into cash 
sufficient to cover the Exercise Expenses in respect of the relevant Warrant 
from which the Issuer shall deduct such Exercise Expenses. The Issuer's 
obligation in respect of each Warrant will be satisfied in relation to the 
relevant Settlement Date or Mandatory Early Termination Date, as the case 
may be, by delivery of the remaining Entitlement in respect of such Warrant 
and, if applicable, payment of a cash amount in respect of any Fractional 
Entitlement. 
(B) 
in respect of German Law Warrants shall be deducted by the Issuer from any 
cash amount owing to such Warrantholder and paid by the Issuer on behalf of 
the Warrantholder. 
The Issuer may convert such amount of the Entitlement into cash sufficient to 
cover the Exercise Expenses in respect of the relevant Warrant from which 
the Issuer shall deduct such Exercise Expenses. The Issuer's obligation in 
respect of each Warrant will be satisfied in relation to the relevant Settlement 
Date or Mandatory Early Termination Date, as the case may be, by delivery 
of the remaining Entitlement in respect of such Warrant and, if applicable, 
payment of a cash amount in respect of any Fractional Entitlement. 
(d) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity

--- Page 563 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
537 
 
If, in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants which are Index Linked Warrants, Share Linked 
Warrants, Depositary Receipt Linked Warrants, ETF Linked Warrants or Mutual Fund Linked 
Warrants or Debt Linked Warrants, "Failure to Deliver" is specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms and, following the exercise of such Warrants on an Actual Exercise Date or the 
termination of such Warrants following a Mandatory Early Termination Event, it is impossible 
or impracticable, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, to deliver, when due, some or all of 
the Relevant Assets (the "Affected Relevant Assets") comprising the Entitlement relating to 
such Actual Exercise Date or Mandatory Early Termination Event, as the case may be, where 
such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets (a "Failure to 
Deliver"), then: 
(i) 
subject as provided elsewhere in these Conditions, any Relevant Assets, which are not 
Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the originally designated Settlement 
Date or Mandatory Early Termination Date, as the case may be, in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 (Cash Settlement on exercise) or General 
Condition 5(b)(iii), as the case may be, and, if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the appropriate pro rata portion of the Exercise Price to be paid by the 
relevant Warrantholder in respect of or deducted from that partial settlement; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, and such 
Actual Exercise Date or Mandatory Early Termination Event, as the case may be, by 
payment to the relevant Warrantholder of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price (as 
defined below) on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election 
is given to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
Payment of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price will be made in such manner and 
subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 (Notices). The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) 
that the provisions of this General Condition 5(d) apply. If the Issuer does not so elect, 
the provisions of General Condition 5(c)(ii) shall apply. 
(e) 
Variation of Settlement 
Without prejudice to the payment of any accrued interest, if any, in relation only to any issue of 
Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Security, if the applicable Issue Terms specify 
that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the Warrants, following any valid 
exercise of Warrants in accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer may in respect of each such 
Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit and any Actual 
Exercise Date, elect in relation to such Actual Exercise Date not to pay the relevant 
Warrantholders the Cash Settlement Amount or not to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Entitlement in respect of such Actual Exercise Date to the relevant Warrantholders, as the case 
may be, but, in lieu thereof, to deliver or procure delivery of the relevant Entitlement or make 
payment of the relevant Cash Settlement Amount on the relevant Settlement Date to the relevant 
Warrantholders, as the case may be. Notification of any such election will be given to 
Warrantholders no later than 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the second Business Day following 
the relevant Actual Exercise Date.  
(f) 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount 
In relation to Warrants other than Gilt Warrants, following a valid exercise of Warrants on an 
Actual Exercise Date or an early termination of Warrants following a Mandatory Early 
Termination Event in accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer may, in respect of such 
Warrants, if the Calculation Agent determines: 
(i) 
that the Entitlement (or part thereof) comprises securities which are not freely 
tradeable; or

--- Page 564 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
538 
 
(ii) 
that any applicable laws and securities regulations and/or the Issuer's internal policies, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent, do not permit settlement of the Entitlement 
or it is otherwise impossible or impracticable to do so, 
elect in relation to such Actual Exercise Date or Mandatory Early Termination Event, as the 
case may be, either (i) to substitute for the Entitlement (or part thereof) an equivalent value (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) of such other securities which the Calculation Agent 
determines are freely tradeable (the "Substitute Asset" or the "Substitute Assets", as the case 
may be) or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement (or part thereof) or the 
Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, relating to such Actual Exercise Date 
or Mandatory Early Termination Event, as the case may be, to the relevant Warrantholders, but 
in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant Warrantholders on the relevant Settlement Date 
or Mandatory Early Termination Date, as the case may be, of an amount equal to the fair market 
value of such Entitlement (or part thereof) as determined by the Calculation Agent at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate (the "Alternate Cash Amount"). 
Notification of any such election will be given to Warrantholders no later than 10:00 a.m. (New 
York time) on the second Business Day following the relevant Actual Exercise Date or 
Mandatory Early Termination Date, as the case may be. 
AS AT THE ISSUE DATE, APPLICABLE LAWS AND SECURITIES REGULATIONS 
WITHIN ANY RELEVANT JURISDICTION MAY NOT PERMIT PHYSICAL 
DELIVERY BY THE ISSUER OF THE ENTITLEMENT TO WARRANTHOLDERS, 
WHETHER WITHIN THE JURISDICTION OF THE ISSUER OR ELSEWHERE AND 
ANY APPLICABLE LAWS AND SECURITIES REGULATIONS AND/OR (IN 
RESPECT OF ENGLISH LAW WARRANTS AND IRISH LAW WARRANTS) THE 
ISSUER'S INTERNAL POLICIES, ALL AS DETERMINED BY THE CALCULATION 
AGENT, MAY NOT PERMIT SETTLEMENT OF THE ENTITLEMENT. 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradeable share" shall mean (i) in relation to the United States, 
a security which is registered under the Securities Act or not restricted under the Securities Act 
and which is not purchased from the issuer of such security and not purchased from an affiliate 
of the issuer of such security or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradeable 
security for purposes of the Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
or (ii) in relation to any other jurisdiction, a security not subject to any legal restrictions on 
transfer in such jurisdictions. 
(g) 
General 
In relation to any Warrants where Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the expressions "exercise", "due exercise" and related expressions shall be 
construed to apply to any such Warrants which are automatically exercised in accordance with 
the above provisions. In relation to Multiple Exercise Warrants, the expressions "exercise", 
"due exercise" and related expressions shall be construed to apply to such Warrants in relation 
to each Actual Exercise Date. 
In respect of English Law Warrants and Irish Law Warrants, none of the Agents shall have any 
responsibility for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount, 
Mandatory Early Termination Amount, any Entitlement or interest (if applicable). 
In respect of German Law Warrants, the Calculation Agent and the Principal Warrant Agent 
shall be held responsible for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any Cash Settlement 
Amount, Mandatory Early Termination Amount or any Entitlement or interest (if applicable) 
only if, and insofar as, they fail to act with the diligence of a conscientious businessman. 
The purchase of Warrants does not confer on any Warrantholder any rights (whether in respect 
of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset PROVIDED THAT, in 
relation to Share Linked Warrants, Depositary Receipt Linked Warrants, ETF Linked Warrants 
or Mutual Fund Linked Warrants, where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Payment of 
Dividends is applicable, payments calculated by reference to an amount of any dividends, 
distributions or other payments paid by a Relevant Company in respect of Shares may be paid

--- Page 565 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
539 
 
by the Issuer to the Warrantholders, as further described herein and in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
All references in this Condition to "Luxembourg or Brussels time" shall, where Warrants are 
cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system (other than DTC), be deemed to 
refer as appropriate to the time in the city where the relevant clearing system is located. 
(h) 
RMB Disruption Event 
If "RMB Disruption Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the 
occurrence of an RMB Disruption Event, the Issuer may determine one or more of the following 
actions: 
(i) 
the relevant payment or delivery obligation of the Issuer or, as the case may be, of the 
CGMFL Guarantor be postponed to the tenth Business Day after the date on which the 
RMB Disruption Event, as determined by the Issuer, ceases to exist or, if that would 
not be commercially reasonable, as soon as commercially reasonable thereafter; 
(ii) 
that any of the obligations to pay Renminbi under the Warrants, including any cash 
amounts due in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants or any other relevant Renminbi 
amount(s) determined pursuant to the Conditions be replaced by an obligation to pay 
an amount in the RMB Relevant Currency converted using the RMB Spot Rate for the 
relevant RMB Determination Date; and 
(iii) 
if Early Termination Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to the RMB Disruption Event, by giving notice to the Warrantholder(s) in 
accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices), cancel the Warrants. If the Warrants 
are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay the Early Termination Amount to each 
Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, each Unit as the case may be, held by such holder (for the avoidance of 
doubt, such amount may be determined and paid in the RMB Relevant Currency). 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice, as soon as 
practicable, to the holder(s) stating the occurrence of the RMB Disruption Event, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
Where Realisation Disruption and/or any Additional Disruption Event is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms and an event occurs that could be a Realisation Disruption and/or 
an Additional Disruption Event or, alternatively, also be an RMB Disruption Event, the above 
RMB Disruption Event provisions will prevail. 
6. 
Exercise and termination procedure 
(a) 
Exercise Notice  
In respect of Warrants represented by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, (i) such 
Warrants may only be exercised by and/or (ii) a Warrantholder holding such Warrants may only 
receive any Mandatory Early Termination Amounts in respect of such Warrants following, the 
delivery, or the sending in text form or by tested telex (confirmed in writing), of a duly 
completed exercise notice (an "Exercise Notice") completed substantially in the form set out in 
the WEC Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Euroclear, the Warrant Agents and the Registrar during normal office hours) to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, with a copy to the Principal Warrant 
Agent and the Registrar in accordance with the provisions set out in General Condition 5 
(Exercise Rights and Early Termination) and this Condition. 
In respect of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on 
behalf of DTC, (i) such Warrants may only be exercised by and/or (ii) a Warrantholder holding 
such Warrants may only receive any Mandatory Early Termination Amounts in respect of such 
Warrants following, the delivery through computerised exercise instruction through DTC (via 
its "Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian", or "DWAC", function) of a duly completed Exercise 
Notice in the form set out in the WEC Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be

--- Page 566 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
540 
 
obtained from the Warrant Agents) to the New York Warrant Agent with a copy to the Principal 
Warrant Agent and the Registrar, in accordance with the provisions set out in General 
Condition 5 (Exercise Rights and Early Termination) and this Condition. 
(i) 
The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and shall: 
(A) 
specify the Series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants the 
subject of the Exercise Notice and, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the number of Units the subject of the Exercise Notice; 
(B) 
(x) in the case of Warrants represented by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global 
Security, specify the number of the Warrantholder's account at Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to be debited (in the case of 
Multiple Exercise Warrants, on the final Settlement Date only) with the 
Warrants or Units, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice or 
(y) in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held 
by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, specify the designated account at DTC to 
be debited (in the case of Multiple Exercise Warrants, on the final Settlement 
Date only) with the Warrants or Units, as the case may be, the subject of the 
Exercise Notice; 
(C) 
(x) in the case of Warrants represented by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global 
Security, irrevocably instruct Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the 
case may be, to debit on or before the Settlement Date (in the case of Multiple 
Exercise Warrants, on the final Settlement Date only) or, the Mandatory Early 
Termination Date, as the case may be, the Warrantholder's account with the 
Warrants or Units, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice or 
(y) in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held 
by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date only, 
irrevocably instruct the New York Warrant Agent to exercise the Warrants or 
Units, as the case may be, debited (in the case of Multiple Exercise Warrants, 
on the final Settlement Date only) to the account of the Warrantholder and 
credited to the account of the New York Warrant Agent by means of DTC's 
DWAC function; 
(D) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, (x) in the case of Warrants represented 
by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, specify the number of the 
Warrantholder's account at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the 
case may be, to be credited with the relevant Cash Settlement Amount, 
together with, in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, accrued interest, or 
Mandatory Early Termination Amount, as the case may be, (if any) for each 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice, or (y) 
in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by 
a Custodian on behalf of DTC, specify the details of the account to be credited 
with the relevant Cash Settlement Amount, together with, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Warrants, accrued interest, or Mandatory Early Termination Amount, as 
the case may be, (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, the 
subject of the Exercise Notice, or  
(E) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, include an undertaking to pay all 
Exercise Expenses and (x) in the case of Warrants represented by a 
Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, an authority to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to deduct an amount in respect 
thereof from any Cash Settlement Amount or Mandatory Early Termination 
Amount, as the case may be, due to such Warrantholder in respect of such 
Actual Exercise Date or Mandatory Early Termination Event, as the case may 
be, and/or to debit a specified account of the Warrantholder at Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, in respect thereof and to pay 
such Exercise Expenses, or (y) in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 
144A Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, an authority to 
the New York Warrant Agent to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any

--- Page 567 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
541 
 
Cash Settlement Amount or Mandatory Early Termination Amount, as the 
case may be, due to such Warrantholder in respect of such Actual Exercise 
Date or Mandatory Early Termination Event, as the case may be, and to pay 
such Exercise Expenses and/or to debit a specified account of the 
Warrantholder in respect thereof and to pay such Exercise Expenses;  
(F) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, (x) in the case of Warrants 
represented by a Global Security, registered in the name of a nominee for and 
held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, irrevocably instruct Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the 
case may be, to debit on the relevant Actual Exercise Date or prior to the 
Mandatory Early Termination Date, as the case may be, a specified account 
of the Warrantholder with Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case 
may be, with the aggregate Exercise Prices (if applicable) in respect of such 
Warrants or Units, as the case may be, in respect of such Actual Exercise Date 
or the Mandatory Early Termination Date, as the case may be, (together with 
any other amounts payable), or (y) in the case of Warrants represented by a 
Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, contain an 
undertaking to pay the Issuer the aggregate Exercise Prices (if applicable) in 
respect of such Warrants or Units, as the case may be, in respect of such 
Actual Exercise Date or the Mandatory Early Termination Date, as the case 
may be, (together with any other amounts payable), to the account of the New 
York Warrant Agent on the relevant Actual Exercise Date or prior to the 
Mandatory Early Termination Date, as the case may be;  
(G) 
in the case of English Law Warrants or Irish Law Warrants which are Physical 
Delivery Warrants, include an undertaking to pay all Exercise Expenses and 
a confirmation that the delivery of any Entitlement is subject, inter alia, as 
provided in General Condition 5(c)(iv), and either (I) (x) in the case of 
Warrants represented by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, an 
authority to Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear to debit a specified 
account of the Warrantholder at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as 
the case may be, in respect thereof and to pay such Exercise Expenses, or (y) 
in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by 
a Custodian on behalf of DTC, an authority to the New York Warrant Agent 
to debit a specified account of the Warrantholder in respect thereof and to pay 
such Exercise Expenses; 
(H) 
in the case of German Warrants which are Physical Delivery Warrants, 
include an authority to the Issuer to deduct from any cash amount owing to 
the Warrantholder an amount sufficient to pay such Exercise Expenses and to 
pay on behalf of the Warrantholder such Exercise Expenses, as referred to in 
General Condition 5(c)(iv) above; 
(I) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, include such details as are required 
by the applicable Issue Terms for delivery of the relevant Entitlement which 
may include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into 
whose name evidence of such Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, 
broker or agent to whom documents evidencing such Entitlement are to be 
delivered and (x) in the case of Warrants represented by a Clearstream / 
Euroclear Global Security, specify the name and the number of the 
Warrantholder's account with Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the 
case may be, to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, either in 
respect of any cash amount constituting such Entitlement or the Fractional 
Entitlement (if applicable) or any dividends or other distributions relating to 
such Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption 
Event and the Issuer electing to pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price or 
as a result of the occurrence of a Failure to Deliver and the Issuer electing to 
pay the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price or as a result of the Issuer electing 
to pay the Alternate Cash Amount in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or 
Mandatory Early Termination Event, as the case may be, in respect of such

--- Page 568 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
542 
 
Actual Exercise Date or Mandatory Early Termination Event, as the case may 
be, or (y) in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security 
held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, specify the details of the account to be 
credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, either in respect of any cash 
amount constituting such Entitlement or the Fractional Entitlement (if 
applicable) or any dividends or other distributions relating to such Entitlement 
or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and the Issuer 
electing to pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price or as a result of the 
occurrence of a Failure to Deliver and the Issuer electing to pay the Failure to 
Deliver Settlement Price or as a result of the Issuer electing to pay the 
Alternate Cash Amount in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or Mandatory 
Early Termination Event, as the case may be; 
(J) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants which are FX Rate Warrants only, 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's account at Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to be credited with the amount 
due upon exercise or termination of the Warrants or Units, as the case may 
be, in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or Mandatory Early Termination 
Event, as the case may be; 
(K) 
certify, in the case of Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Security 
or a Combined Global Security (in respect of interests held by persons other 
than Permitted QIB Purchasers) that the Warrantholder and the beneficial 
owner of each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise 
Notice is a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser and, where appropriate, undertake 
to provide such various forms of certification in respect of selling restrictions 
under the securities, commodities and other laws of the United States of 
America as indicated and set out in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(L) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the WEC Agency Agreement. 
(ii) 
If General Condition 5(e) applies, the form of Exercise Notice required to be delivered 
will be different from that set out above. Copies of such Exercise Notice may be 
obtained from Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and the Warrant Agents during 
normal office hours. 
(b) 
Verification of the Warrantholder 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, upon receipt 
of an Exercise Notice, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, shall verify 
that the person specified therein as the accountholder is the Warrantholder of the Warrants 
referred to therein according to the books of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case 
may be. Subject thereto, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, will 
confirm to the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar the Series number and the number of 
Warrants the subject of the Exercise Notice and, if applicable, the account details for the 
payment of any cash amounts payable in respect of the Warrants or, as the case may be, the 
details for the delivery of the Entitlement or any other asset(s) in respect of each Warrant or 
Unit, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice. Upon receipt of such confirmation, 
the Principal Warrant Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, will on or before the Settlement Date (or in the case of Multiple 
Exercise Warrants, the final Settlement Date) or the Mandatory Early Termination Date or any 
other date specified in the relevant Exercise Notice, as the case may be, debit the account of the 
relevant Warrantholder with the Warrants the subject of the Exercise Notice. 
Upon exercise of less than all the Warrants constituted by the Clearstream / Euroclear Global 
Security, the Common Depositary will, on the instructions of, and on behalf, of the Registrar, 
note such exercise on the Schedule to such Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, and the

--- Page 569 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
543 
 
number of Warrants so constituted shall be reduced by the cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants 
so exercised. 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on 
behalf of DTC, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the New York Warrant Agent shall verify 
that the person specified therein as the accountholder is the Warrantholder of the Warrants 
referred to therein according to the records of DTC. Subject thereto, the New York Warrant 
Agent shall notify the Issuer of the number of Warrants the subject of the Exercise Notice and, 
if applicable, the account details for the payment of any cash amounts payable in respect of the 
Warrants or, as the case may be, the details for delivery of the relevant Entitlement or any other 
asset(s) in relation to each Warrant the subject of the Exercise Notice.   
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on 
behalf of DTC, upon automatic exercise of such Warrant, the New York Warrant Agent shall 
verify the account of the Warrantholder according to the records of DTC. Subject thereto, the 
New York Warrant Agent shall notify the Issuer of the number of Warrants the subject of the 
automatic exercise and, if applicable, the account details for the payment of any cash amounts 
payable in respect of the Warrants or, as the case may be, the details for delivery of the relevant 
Entitlement or any other asset(s) in relation to each Warrant the subject of the automatic 
exercise.   
Upon exercise of less than all the Warrants constituted by the Rule 144A Global Security held 
by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, the New York Warrant Agent will note such exercise on the 
Schedule to such Rule 144A Global Security and the number of Warrants so constituted shall 
be reduced by the cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants so exercised. 
(c) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall 
be made by, in the case of Warrants represented by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, 
the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar or, in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 
144A Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, the New York Warrant Agent, in 
each case, in consultation with the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar, and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Warrant Agents and the 
relevant Warrantholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be 
incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to the Principal Warrant Agent or the 
Registrar immediately after being delivered or sent to Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear 
or the New York Warrant Agent, as the case may be, as provided in paragraph (a) above, shall 
be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear or the New York Warrant Agent, as the case may be, in consultation 
with the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise 
Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear or the New York Warrant Agent, as the case may be and copied to the Principal 
Warrant Agent and the Registrar. 
In respect of an Actual Exercise Date, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any English Law Warrant or Irish Law Warrant, 
any such Warrant (other than a Multiple Exercise Warrant) with respect to which the 
Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set out above by 
the cut-off time specified in General Condition 5(a)(i), in the case of American Style 
Warrants, or General Condition 5(a)(ii), in the case of European Style Warrants, shall 
become void. In the case of a Multiple Exercise Warrant and an Actual Exercise Date, if 
Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and no 
Exercise Notice has been duly completed in the manner set out above by the cut-off time 
specified in General Condition 5(a)(iii), the Issuer shall have no obligation in respect of 
such Warrant in relation to such Actual Exercise Date. 
If a Mandatory Early Termination Event occurs, if (a) any Warrantholder fails to deliver 
an Exercise Notice, in the manner set out herein or fails to send a copy to the Principal

--- Page 570 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
544 
 
Warrant Agent or the Registrar as set out herein on or prior to the day that is 180 calendar 
days after the Termination Cut-off Date or (b) either an Exercise Notice is received by 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear (in the case of Warrants represented by a 
Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security or the New York Warrant Agent (in the case of 
Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf of 
DTC), or the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent or the Registrar, in 
each case, on any day falling after the day that is 180 calendar days after the relevant 
Termination Cut-off Date, the Issuer shall be discharged from its obligations in respect of 
such Warrant in relation to such Mandatory Early Termination Event and the relevant 
Mandatory Early Termination Amount and shall have no further obligation or liability 
whatsoever in respect thereof. 
In respect of English Law Warrants and Irish Law Warrants, the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours promptly to notify the Warrantholder submitting an Exercise Notice if it has been 
determined as provided above that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In 
the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor, the Principal Warrant Agent, the Registrar, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear 
and DTC shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by 
it in connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a 
Warrantholder. 
In respect of German Law Warrants, the Issuer shall notify the Warrantholder submitting an 
Exercise Notice without undue delay if it has been determined as provided above that such 
Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. The Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the 
Principal Warrant Agent, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear shall be held responsible by 
any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such 
determination or the notification of such determination to a Warrantholder only if, and insofar 
as, the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Principal Warrant Agent, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear, as the case may be, fails to act with the diligence of a conscientious business 
man. 
(d) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of an Actual Exercise Date shall constitute an 
irrevocable election by the relevant Warrantholder to exercise the Warrants specified on such 
Actual Exercise Date. 
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice (other than in relation to a Multiple Exercise Warrant), 
the relevant Warrantholder may not transfer the Warrants the subject of such Exercise Notice. 
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of a Multiple Exercise Warrant in relation to 
an Actual Exercise Date (other than the final Actual Exercise Date) such exercising 
Warrantholder may not transfer such Warrant until after the Settlement Date in respect of such 
Actual Exercise Date. After delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of a Multiple Exercise 
Warrant in relation to the final Actual Exercise Date, such exercising Warrantholder may not 
transfer such Warrants. 
(e) 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise and termination of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and 
practices in force on the relevant Exercise Date or the date on which the Mandatory Early 
Termination Event occurs, as the case may be, and none of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, 
the Warrant Agents and the Registrar shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect 
the transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, 
regulations or practices. None of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Warrant Agents and the 
Registrar shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or Euroclear or DTC in relation to the performance of its duties in relation to the 
Warrants. 
7. 
Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable

--- Page 571 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
545 
 
(a) 
American Style Warrants 
This paragraph (a) applies only to American Style Warrants. 
(i) 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Actual Exercise 
Date, or, in the case of Automatic Exercise, the number of Warrants held by any 
Warrantholder on any Actual Exercise Date, in each case as determined by the Issuer, 
must not be less than the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if a number greater than the 
Minimum Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple of the number specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants 
in breach of this General Condition shall, unless the Issuer otherwise decides be void 
and of no effect. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any Actual 
Exercise Date by any Warrantholder or a group of Warrantholders (whether or not 
acting in concert) exceeds the Maximum Exercise Number (a number equal to the 
Maximum Exercise Number being the "Quota"), the Issuer may deem the Actual 
Exercise Date for the first Quota of such Warrants, selected by the Issuer, to be such 
day and the Actual Exercise Date for each additional Quota of such Warrants (and any 
remaining number thereof) to be each of the succeeding Business Days until all such 
Warrants have been attributed with an Actual Exercise Date, provided, however, that 
the deemed Actual Exercise Date for any such Warrants which would thereby fall after 
the Expiration Date shall fall on the Expiration Date. In any case where more than the 
Quota of Warrants are exercised on the same day by Warrantholder(s), the order of 
settlement in respect of such Warrants shall be (i) in the case of English Law Warrants 
or Irish Law Warrants, at the discretion of the Issuer or (ii) in respect of German Law 
Warrants, at the reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB) of the Issuer. 
(b) 
European Style Warrants and Multiple Exercise Warrants 
This paragraph (b) applies only to European Style Warrants and Multiple Exercise Warrants. 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Exercise Date, or in the case 
of Automatic Exercise, the number of Warrants held by any Warrantholder on any Actual 
Exercise Date, in each case, as determined by the Issuer, must not be less than the Minimum 
Exercise Number specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if a number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple 
of the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Any Exercise Notice which purports to 
exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall, unless the Issuer otherwise decides, be void 
and of no effect. 
8. 
Illegality in relation to the Warrants 
If "Early Termination for Illegality" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, determines that the 
performance of its obligations under the Warrants or the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee, as 
the case may be, has become illegal in whole or in part for any reason, the Issuer may cancel 
the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 
(Notices). Should any one or more of the provisions contained in the Conditions be or become 
invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected thereby. 
If the Issuer cancels the Warrants, then the Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by 
applicable law, pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such holder, the Early 
Termination Amount. Payment will be made in such manner and subject to such conditions as 
shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
9. 
Purchases 
Any of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries or Affiliates 
may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Warrants at any price in the open market or by

--- Page 572 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
546 
 
tender or private treaty. Any Warrants so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for 
cancellation, however, Warrants so purchased may only be resold pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A, Regulation S 
or otherwise thereunder. 
10. 
Agents, Determinations and Modifications 
(a) 
Warrant Agents, Registrar and Authentication Agent 
The specified offices of the Warrant Agents, the Registrar and the Authentication Agent are as 
set out in General Condition 24. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Warrant 
Agents, the Registrar or the Authentication Agent (as the case may be) and to appoint further or 
additional Warrant Agents, Registrars and Authentication Agents (as the case may be), 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(i) 
there will at all times be a Registrar in respect of each issue of English Law Warrants 
and Irish Law Warrants; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be an Authentication Agent; 
(iii) 
no termination of appointment of the Principal Warrant Agent shall become effective 
until a replacement Principal Warrant Agent with a specified office outside the United 
Kingdom shall have been appointed;  
(iv) 
so long as any of the Warrants are listed on a stock exchange, there shall be a Warrant 
Agent having a specified office in each location required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange; and 
(v) 
so long as any of the Warrants are represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held 
by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, there shall be a New York Warrant Agent. 
Notice of any termination of appointment and of any changes in the specified office of the 
Warrant Agents, the Registrar and the Authentication Agent will be given to Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). In acting under the WEC Agency Agreement, 
the Warrant Agents, the Registrar and the Authentication Agent each acts solely as agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for 
or with, the Warrantholders and any determinations and calculations made in respect of the 
Warrants by the Warrant Agents, the Registrar or the Authentication Agent shall (save in the 
case of manifest or proven error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the 
Warrantholders. 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Calculation 
Agent PROVIDED THAT there will at all times be a Calculation Agent. Notice of the 
termination of appointment will be given to Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices). In relation to each issue of Warrants, the Calculation Agent (whether it 
be the Issuer or another entity) acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any 
obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Warrantholders.  
All discretions exercised and calculations and determinations made in respect of English Law 
Warrants or Irish Law Warrants by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest or 
proven error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Warrantholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default or bad faith) the Calculation Agent shall have no responsibility to any 
person for any errors or omissions in (a) calculation by the Calculation Agent of any amount 
due in respect of the Warrants or (b) any determination made by the Calculation Agent. 
All discretions exercised and calculations and determinations made in respect of German Law 
Warrants by the Calculation Agent shall be made in its reasonable discretion (§ 317 BGB) in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and shall (save in the case of manifest or

--- Page 573 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
547 
 
proven error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Warrantholders and the 
Calculation Agent shall be held responsible by any person for any errors or omissions in (a) 
calculation by the Calculation Agent of any amount due in respect of the Warrants or (b) any 
determination made by the Calculation Agent only if, and insofar as, the Calculation Agent fails 
to act with the diligence of a conscientious businessman. 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and 
functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
(c) 
Determinations 
Whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person (including where a matter is to be 
decided by reference to the Issuer's, the Calculation Agent's or such other person's opinion, in 
its absolute discretion or otherwise), unless otherwise expressly stated herein or, in the case of 
Exempt Warrants, in the applicable Pricing Supplement, that matter shall be determined, 
considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon (i) in respect of English Law Warrants 
and Irish Law Warrants, by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such other person, as the case 
may be, (a) where Sole and Absolute Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
in good faith and in its sole and absolute discretion or (b) where Commercial Determination is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
or (ii) in respect of German Law Warrants, by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (§ 315 
BGB) and by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (§ 317 BGB), in each case, in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(d) 
Exercise of Discretion 
In exercising its discretion in respect of the Warrants as provided in the Conditions, each of the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent or such other person (described in (c) above) may take into 
account such factors as it determines appropriate in each case, which may include, in particular, 
any circumstances or events which have or may have a material impact on the hedging 
arrangements entered into by a Hedging Party (as defined in the Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1 (General Provisions applicable to Underlyings)) in respect of the Warrants. The 
exercise of the Issuer's and/or the Calculation Agent's and/or such other person's discretion in 
respect of the Warrants as provided herein are necessary because certain circumstances or events 
(for example a material modification or disruption to an Underlying to which the Warrants are 
linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance of the Warrants which may materially affect the 
costs to a Hedging Party of maintaining the relevant Warrants or relevant hedging arrangements. 
Such circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the pricing of the Warrants. In 
addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability or disruption to any 
reference source) it may no longer be reasonably practicable or otherwise appropriate for certain 
valuations in respect of any Underlying or otherwise in connection with the Warrants to be 
made, thus making it necessary for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to exercise its 
discretion in such a case. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of the German Law Warrants and notwithstanding any 
other provisions in the General Conditions, in exercising its reasonable discretion (billiges 
Ermessen, §§ 315, 317 BGB) in respect of the Warrants as provided in the Conditions, each of 
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent may take into account such factors as it determines 
reasonable in each case, which may include (where "Costs for Unwinding Hedging 
Arrangements" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms), in particular, any 
circumstances or events which have or may have a material impact on the hedging arrangements 
entered into by a Hedging Party (as defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1 (General 
Provisions applicable to Underlyings)) in respect of the Warrants. The exercise of the Issuer's 
and/or the Calculation Agent's reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen, §§ 315, 317 BGB) in 
respect of the Warrants as provided herein is necessary because certain circumstances or events 
(for example a material modification or disruption to an Underlying to which the Warrants are 
linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance of the Warrants which may materially affect the 
costs to a Hedging Party of maintaining the relevant Warrants or  (where "Costs for Unwinding 
Hedging Arrangements" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) relevant 
hedging arrangements. Such circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the pricing

--- Page 574 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
548 
 
of the Warrants. In addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (for example, 
unavailability or disruption to any reference source), it may no longer be reasonably practicable 
or otherwise appropriate for certain valuations in respect of any Underlying or otherwise in 
connection with the Warrants to be made, thus making it necessary for the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent to exercise its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen, §§ 315, 317 BGB) 
in such a case. 
(e) 
Hedging Arrangements 
As used in this General Condition 10, "hedging arrangements" means the arrangements, if 
any, the Issuer makes to have available to it the relevant cash amounts or assets to be paid or 
delivered under the Warrants as these fall due. This may involve a Hedging Party investing 
directly in an Underlying. Alternatively, a Hedging Party may make an indirect investment by 
entering into or acquiring a derivative contract referencing an Underlying or by entering into 
securities transactions or loan transactions or any combination thereof. Such hedging 
arrangements may be carried out on a portfolio basis (i.e. where the Hedging Party maintains 
arrangements for hedging the Warrants together with other obligations of the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates). A Hedging Party will seek to select hedging arrangements which are efficient for it 
in the context of the tax, regulatory and business environment in which it operates, but will do 
so without having regard to the interests of Warrantholders. A Hedging Party may also adjust 
hedging arrangements from time to time but will not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes 
or regulatory changes which affect its hedging arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, no 
Hedging Party is under any obligation to enter into any hedging arrangements and, if any 
hedging arrangements are entered into, such arrangements will not confer any rights or 
entitlements on any Warrantholder and no Warrantholder will have recourse to any such 
hedging arrangements. 
(f) 
Determination of amounts payable or deliverable 
The Calculation Agent will employ the methodology described in the Conditions and/or the 
applicable Issue Terms to determine amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Warrants. 
When making any such determination in relation to any amounts so payable or deliverable, the 
Calculation Agent may consider any relevant information, which may but is not required to 
include, without limitation, one or more of the following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or 
information sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one 
or more third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant 
rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant 
market data in the relevant market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in (i) or (ii) above from internal sources (including 
any Affiliates of the Calculation Agent) or other information of a type used by the 
Calculation Agent in the regular course of its business or in connection with similar 
transactions. 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide 
issues of construction and legal interpretation. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the 
Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions under 
the Warrants including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not 
affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or 
discretion. 
(g) 
Disclaimer of liability and responsibility 
The Calculation Agent makes no express or implied representations or warranties as to (i) the 
advisability of investing in or obtaining exposure to the Warrants, (ii) the value of the Warrants 
at any particular time on any particular date, or (iii) any amounts that may become payable or 
deliverable in respect of the Warrants.

--- Page 575 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
549 
 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent have any liability 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Warrantholders for any direct, indirect, special, 
punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) even if notified of the 
possibility of such damages. 
(h) 
Conflict of Interest 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
of its Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Series of 
Warrants including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating to 
any Underlying(s) (for example as a calculation agent or, in the case of a proprietary index for 
example, as index sponsor). Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates may 
contract with the Issuer and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, the Warrants or 
any Underlying and as a result the Calculation Agent may face a conflict between its obligations 
as Calculation Agent and its and/or its Affiliates' interests in other capacities. Subject to all 
regulatory obligations, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent in respect of the Warrants 
shall owe any duty or responsibility to any Warrantholder to avoid any conflict or to act in the 
interests of any Warrantholder. 
(i) 
Modifications in respect of English Law Warrants or Irish Law Warrants 
The Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor may modify the Conditions, the CGMFL WEC Deed of 
Guarantee and/or the WEC Agency Agreement without the consent of the Warrantholders in 
any manner which the Issuer may deem necessary or desirable PROVIDED THAT either: 
(i) 
such modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders 
(without considering the individual circumstances of any holders of Warrants or the 
tax or other consequences of such adjustment in any particular jurisdiction); or 
(ii) 
such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest or 
proven error or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision contained herein 
and/or therein; or 
(iii) 
in respect of Warrants which the Issuer determines (whether before or after issue) to 
list on a stock exchange, market or quotation system, such modification is made to 
enable such Warrants to be listed on such stock exchange, market or quotation system. 
(iv) 
Notice of any such modification will be given to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with General Condition 11 (Notices) but failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice 
will not affect the validity of any such modification. 
(j) 
Modifications in respect of German Law Warrants 
(i) 
If the Conditions of the Warrants contain manifest typographical, calculation or any 
similar manifest errors or misspellings, the Issuer shall be entitled to correct such errors 
or misspellings without obtaining the Warrantholders' consent, provided that such 
correction, taking into account the Issuer's interests, can reasonably be assumed to be 
acceptable to the Warrantholders and, in particular, does not materially adversely affect 
the Warrantholders' legal and financial position. Any such correction shall be notified 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Any other inconsistencies or omissions in the Conditions of the Warrants or in 
individual provisions of the Conditions of the Warrants may be corrected or 
supplemented by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB). However, only 
such correction or supplement shall be permitted as – taking into account the Issuer's 
interests – can reasonably be assumed to be acceptable to the Warrantholders and, in 
particular, do not materially adversely affect the Warrantholders' legal and financial 
position. Any such correction or supplement shall be notified to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
(iii) 
If the Issuer corrects or supplements any provision of the Conditions of the Warrants 
in accordance with this General Condition (I) and notifies such correction or

--- Page 576 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
550 
 
supplement to the Warrantholders, each Warrantholder may within three (3) weeks of 
the relevant announcement declare the Warrants held by him to be forthwith due and 
payable if such correction or supplement results in the Issuer's performance obligations 
being changed in a way that materially adversely affects the Warrantholder. The Issuer 
shall inform the Warrantholders of their right to declare their Warrants be due and 
payable when announcing the correction or supplement. If the Warrants are declared 
to be due and payable, they shall be redeemed at the Issue Price. 
(iv) 
Manifest typographical and calculation errors or misspellings and similar manifest 
errors in Conditions of the Warrants shall entitle the Issuer to a right of avoidance 
(Anfechtung) vis-à-vis the Warrantholders. Such right of avoidance may only be 
exercised consistently vis-à-vis all Warrantholders and without undue delay after 
having become aware of the relevant reason entitling to the right of avoidance. The 
right of avoidance shall be exercised by notification in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices). 
11. 
Notices 
All notices to Warrantholders shall be valid if delivered (i) (a) in the case of Warrants 
represented by a Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security, to Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear or (b) in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC, to DTC, in each case for communication by them to the 
Warrantholders and (ii) if and so long as the Warrants are admitted to trading and/or listed on a 
stock exchange or are admitted to trading by any other relevant authority, in accordance with 
the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given (i) in respect of English Law Warrants or 
Irish Law Warrants, on the date of such delivery or, if earlier, the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once, on the date of the first such publication and any such notices shall be 
conclusively presumed to have been received by the Warrantholders or such date or (ii) in 
respect of German Law Warrants, seven calendar days after either the date of such delivery or, 
if earlier, the date of such publication or, if published more than once, the date of the first such 
publication and any such notices shall be presumed to have been received by the Warrantholders 
on such date. 
12. 
Expenses and Taxation 
(a) 
A Warrantholder must pay all Exercise Expenses relating to such Warrants as provided above. 
(b) 
Neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor shall be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any 
Taxes or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise, 
termination or enforcement of any Warrant by any person. The Issuer and the CGMFL 
Guarantor shall have the right, but not the duty, to withhold or deduct from all payments and/or 
deliveries made by the Issuer and/or the CGMFL Guarantor such amount as is necessary (i) for 
the payment of any such Taxes or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, 
withheld or deducted or (ii) for effecting reimbursement to the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor 
for any payment by it of any Taxes, withholding or other payment referred to in this General 
Condition 12 (Expenses and Taxation). 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of Warrantholders, to create 
and issue further Warrants which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Warrants and (ii) are identical in all respects with such Warrants (including 
as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
14. 
Substitution of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor 
(a) 
Applicability in respect of English Law Warrants and Irish Law Warrants

--- Page 577 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
551 
 
This General Condition 14 (Substitution of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor) applies to a 
substitution, at any time, without the consent of the Warrantholders, of the Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, with any company (the "Substitute"), provided that in respect of: 
(i) 
a substitution of CGMHI, such substitution is subject to satisfaction of the conditions 
for substitution set out in General Condition 14(e) (General Conditions for 
Substitution) below; and  
(ii) 
a substitution of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, such substitution is subject to 
satisfaction of the conditions for substitution set out in General Conditions 14(b) 
(Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor) and 14(e) (General 
Conditions for Substitution) below. 
(b) 
Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of English Law Warrants and 
Irish Law Warrants 
CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor may, at any time, without the consent of the Warrantholders 
substitute for itself any Substitute, provided that: 
(i) 
If "Additional Requirements" are specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, on the date of such substitution, the Substitute is, in the opinion of the Issuer 
or the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted (the "Original 
Entity"), of at least the equivalent standing and creditworthiness to the Original Entity; 
or 
(ii) 
If "Additional Requirements" are specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Additional Requirements are satisfied 
(c) 
Applicability in respect of German Law Warrants 
This General Condition 14 (Substitution of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor) applies to a 
substitution, at any time, without the consent of the Warrantholders, of the Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, with any company (the "Substitute"), provided that such substitution 
is subject to satisfaction of the conditions for substitution set out in General Condition 14(d) 
(Additional Requirements) and 14(e) (General Conditions for Substitution) below. All of the 
Additional Requirements must be satisfied before any substitution may take place pursuant to 
this General Condition 14. 
(d) 
Additional Requirements 
For the purposes of this General Condition 14(b), "Additional Requirements" means the 
application of each of the following requirements: 
(A) 
save where the Original Entity is subject to legal restructuring (including 
without limitation voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up, 
dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or analogous proceedings), the Original 
Entity shall unconditionally guarantee the fulfilment of the obligations of the 
Substitute arising from the Conditions in relation to the Warrants; 
(B) 
if no guarantee by the Original Entity pursuant to (A) above is required, both 
(I) the Substitute is an Affiliate of the Original Entity and (II) the Substitute, 
on the date of such substitution, shall demonstrate a long term credit rating 
from at least one internationally recognised credit rating agency active in the 
international capital markets (including but not limited to the relevant entity 
from the following rating groups: Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors 
Service and Fitch Ratings) which is at least as high as that of the Original 
Entity;  
(C) 
the Original Entity shall provide an indemnity in favour of the Securityholders 
in relation to any additional tax or duties or losses suffered by Securityholders 
due to differences between the regulatory or tax regimes applicable to the 
Original Entity and the Substitute, in each case which arise and become

--- Page 578 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
552 
 
payable solely as a result of the substitution of the Original Entity with the 
Substitute; and 
(D) 
on the date of such substitution there shall be (I) no existing Event of Default; 
or (II) no occurrence of an event which remains in existence on such date 
which, in the absence of the relevant grace period, would otherwise constitute 
an Event of Default, in relation to the Warrants. 
For such purposes: 
"Event of Default" means any one of the following events: 
(i) 
default in the payment of any interest upon any Warrant when it 
becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a 
period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant of the Issuer 
or the CGMFL Guarantor in the Conditions or the WEC Agency 
Agreement or the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMFL WEC Deed 
of Guarantee; or 
(iv) 
THIS PARAGRAPH (iv) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER 
IS CGMHI: the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the 
Issuer by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary 
case under the United States Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or 
hereafter constituted, or any other applicable United States Federal 
or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a 
receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or 
other similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or substantially 
the whole of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation 
of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order 
unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(v) 
THIS PARAGRAPH (v) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER 
IS CGMHI: the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case 
under the United States Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter 
constituted, or any other applicable United States Federal or State 
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or the consent by it to 
the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such 
law or to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, 
custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer 
or of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, or the 
making by the Issuer of an assignment for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or the admission by the Issuer in writing of its inability to 
pay its debts generally as they become due; or 
(vi) 
THIS PARAGRAPH (vi) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER 
IS CGMFL:  
(A) 
any order is made by any component court or any resolution 
passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, the opening of any 
bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial 
liquidation, (insolvabilitié, liquidation volontaire or 
judiciaire), composition with creditors (concordat préventif 
de faillite), reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), 
control management (gestion controlée), fraudulent 
conveyance (actio pauliana), general settlement with 
creditors 
or 
reorganisation 
proceedings 
or 
similar 
proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally) or the 
appointment of a receiver of the Issuer (including, without

--- Page 579 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
553 
 
limitation, the appointment of any receiver (curateur), 
liquidator (liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), or verifier 
(expert vérificateur, juge délégué or juge commissaire)) 
save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, 
consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangement; 
or 
(B) 
the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the 
CGMFL Guarantor by a court having jurisdiction in the 
premises in an involuntary case under the United Kingdom 
bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any 
other applicable United Kingdom bankruptcy, insolvency or 
other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, 
assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar 
official) of the CGMFL Guarantor or of the whole or 
substantially the whole of its property, or ordering the 
winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance 
of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a 
period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(C) 
the commencement by the CGMFL Guarantor of a 
voluntary case under the United Kingdom bankruptcy laws, 
as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable 
United Kingdom bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar 
law, or the consent by it to the entry of an order for relief in 
an involuntary case under any such law or to the 
appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, 
trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the 
CGMFL Guarantor or of the whole or substantially the 
whole of its property, or the making by the CGMFL 
Guarantor of an assignment for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or the admission by the CGMFL Guarantor in 
writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they 
become due;  
save that, in the case of each of (B) and (C) above, any action taken 
or occurrence in the context of a solvent winding-up of the CGMFL 
Guarantor solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction, 
merger or amalgamation shall not constitute an Event of Default, 
PROVIDED THAT any company which, as a result of any such 
reorganisation, reconstruction, merger or amalgamation owns 
beneficially the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking, 
property and assets owned by the CGMFL Guarantor immediately 
prior thereto shall carry on the whole or substantially the whole of 
the business carried on by the CGMFL Guarantor immediately prior 
thereto and in any event such reorganisation, reconstruction, merger 
or amalgamation does not result in any Securities becoming 
repayable or redeemable or to be terminated or the CGMFL 
Guarantee to be extinguished in whole or in part in relation to any 
Securities; or 
(vii) 
THIS PARAGRAPH (vii) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER 
IS CGMFL: the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee ceases to be, or is 
claimed by the CGMFL Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect 
(except, for the avoidance of doubt, where this is a result of the 
CGMFL Guarantor becoming the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions). 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of this provision, the 
CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee shall be deemed not to have ceased 
to be in full force and effect in circumstances where there is a 
consolidation or merger of the CGMFL Guarantor or where a 
substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor is effected.

--- Page 580 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
554 
 
(e) 
General Conditions of Substitution 
All of the following requirements must be satisfied before any substitution may take place 
pursuant to this General Condition 14: 
(i) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that, in the case of a substitution of the 
Issuer, the Warrants or, in the case of a substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor, the 
CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, represent legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substitute having been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force 
and effect; 
(ii) 
the Substitute becoming party to the WEC Agency Agreement, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it in place of the Issuer 
or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be; 
(iii) 
the Substitute and the Issuer having obtained (a) legal opinions from independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing in the country of incorporation of the Substitute and 
England that the obligations of the Substitute, in the case of a substitution of the Issuer, 
under the Warrants or, in the case of a substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor under the 
CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee, are legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Substitute and (b) in the case of the substitution of the Issuer which is CGMFL (or any 
substitute thereof), a legal opinion from an independent legal adviser in England, that 
the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis mutandis as 
it applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and will constitute legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, in respect of the Substitute (provided 
that no opinion as referred to in this sub-paragraph (b) shall be required where the 
Substitute is the CGMFL Guarantor with respect to Warrants issued by CGMFL); 
(iv) 
all consents and approvals as required have been obtained and, that the Substitute and 
the Warrants comply with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the 
CEA; 
(v) 
each substitution being permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Warrants are listed confirming that, following the proposed substitution of the 
Substitute, the Warrants will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(vi) 
if appropriate, the Substitute appointing a process agent as its agent in England to 
receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Warrants; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, giving notice of the date of 
such substitution to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 
(Notices). 
(f) 
Consequences of Substitution 
(i) 
Upon such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be a reference to the Substitute. 
(ii) 
After a substitution pursuant to General Condition 14 the Substitute may, without the 
consent of any holder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in 
General Condition 14 shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in the Conditions 
to the Issuer or CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall, where the context so 
requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further Substitute. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the CGMFL Guarantor may be a Substitute for the Issuer and in 
such cases references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL WEC Deed of 
Guarantee should be construed accordingly. 
(iii) 
After a substitution pursuant to General Condition 14, any Substitute may, without the 
consent of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis.

--- Page 581 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
555 
 
(iv) 
For the avoidance of doubt, CGMFL may be substituted as the Issuer by CGML, 
pursuant to this General Condition albeit that it is the CGMFL Guarantor without there 
being any breach of the Conditions which shall be construed accordingly 
(v) 
For so long as any Warrants are listed on a stock exchange, such stock exchange shall 
be notified of any such substitution and the requirements of any such stock exchange 
in respect of such substitution shall be complied with (including any requirement to 
publish a supplement). 
(vi) 
Nothing in this General Condition 14 shall prohibit the substitution of the CGMFL 
Guarantor under the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee by another entity as transferee 
as part of any resolution, restructuring, or reorganization of the CGMFL Guarantor 
upon or following the CGMFL Guarantor becoming subject to any receivership, 
insolvency, liquidation, resolution, or similar proceeding. 
(vii) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 14 and article 1275 of the Luxembourg civil 
code, the Warrantholders, by subscribing for, or otherwise acquiring the Warrants, are 
expressly deemed to have consented to any substitution of CGMFL effected in 
accordance with this General Condition 14 and to the release of CGMFL from any and 
all obligations in respect of the Warrants. 
15. 
Presentation periods, Prescription 
The period for presentation of German Law Warrants (§ 801, Paragraph (1), Sentence 1 BGB) 
shall be 10 (ten) years and the period of limitation for claims under German Law Warrants 
presented during the period for presentation shall be 2 (two) years calculated from the expiry of 
the relevant presentation period. 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
English Law Warrants 
English Law Warrants and the Global Security and the WEC Agency Agreement in respect of 
English Law Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
any of them are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with English Law Warrants, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with English 
Law (a "Dispute") and all Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English 
courts. 
Each of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and any Warrantholders of English Law Warrants 
irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts and each of the Issuer, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and any Warrantholders of such Warrants taking proceedings in relation to 
any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
The Issuer hereby appoints Citibank Europe plc, UK branch whose registered office is currently 
at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom 
(correspondence to be marked for the attention of the General Counsel, c.c. Markets Legal 
Team) as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation 
to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Citibank Europe plc, UK branch being unable or 
unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for 
service of process in England in respect of any Dispute and shall immediately notify 
Warrantholders of English Law Warrants of such appointment in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices). The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any 
process will not invalidate service. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law.

--- Page 582 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
556 
 
(b) 
Irish Law Warrants 
Irish Law Warrants and the Global Security and the WEC Agency Agreement in respect of Irish 
Law Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of 
them are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Irish law. 
The Irish courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection 
with Irish Law Warrants, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating 
to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with Irish Law Warrants (an 
"Irish Law Dispute") and all Irish Law Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the Irish courts. 
Each of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and any Warrantholders of Irish Law Warrants 
irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts and each of the Issuer, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and any Warrantholders of such Warrants taking proceedings in relation to 
any Irish Law Dispute waives any objection to the Irish courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Irish Law Dispute. 
The Issuer hereby appoints Citibank Europe plc whose registered office is currently at 1 North 
Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the 
Irish courts in relation to any Irish Law Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Citibank Europe 
plc being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person 
as its agent for service of process in Ireland in respect of any Irish Law Dispute and shall 
immediately notify Warrantholders of Irish Law Warrants of such appointment in accordance 
with General Condition 11 (Notices). The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify 
it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in 
any other manner permitted by law. 
(c) 
German Law Warrants 
German Law Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
Place of performance is Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. Non-exclusive place 
of jurisdiction shall be Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. 
(d) 
General 
For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg act dated 10 August 
1915 on commercial companies, as amended (the "Companies Act 1915") are excluded. In 
addition, no Warrantholder may initiate proceedings against CGMFL based on article 470-21 
of the Companies Act 1915. 
EACH WARRANTHOLDER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND 
INTENTIONALLY WAIVES (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW) ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY 
LITIGATION BASED THEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN 
CONNECTION 
WITH, 
THE 
WARRANTS 
OR 
ANY 
OTHER 
RELATED 
DOCUMENTS, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, 
STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN), OR ACTIONS OF THE 
WARRANTHOLDERS. 
17. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein: 
(i) 
in the event the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding under 
the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform 
and Consumer Protection Act (each, a "U.S. Special Resolution Regime"), the transfer 
of the Warrants (where the Warrants are Covered Instruments) and/or (in the case of

--- Page 583 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
557 
 
Covered Instruments issued by CGMFL) the CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee 
(together, the "Relevant Agreements") (and the transfer of any interest and obligation 
in or under the Relevant Agreements), from the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, as 
applicable, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be  effective under 
such U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Relevant Agreements, and any interest and 
obligation in or under the Relevant Agreements, were governed by the laws of the 
United States or a state of the United States; and  
(ii) 
in the event the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, or any of their affiliates (as such term 
is defined in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 United States Code 
("U.S.C.") 1841(k)) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime, default rights against the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor with respect to the 
Relevant Agreements are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such 
default rights could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the 
Relevant Agreements were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the 
United States.  
For purposes of this Condition 17 "default right" has the meaning assigned to that term in, and 
shall be interpreted in accordance with 12 Code of Federal Regulations ("C.F.R.") 252.81, 12 
C.F.R. 382.1 and 12 C.F.R. 47.1, as applicable, and "Covered Instrument" refers to any 
Warrant issued under this program that falls within the definition of a "qualified financial 
contract" as such term is defined in, and as interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 
5390(c)(8)(D). 
18. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
This General Condition 18 (the "Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions") shall apply if 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
provided that (if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions set out in General Condition 19 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) do not apply to 
the relevant Reference Rate as a result of the relevant event or circumstance. 
In the event that this General Condition 18 applies and an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
occurs: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Warrants as 
the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of 
the relevant event or circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustment(s) may (i) 
consist of one or more amendments and/or be made on one or more dates (ii) be 
determined by reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or 
circumstance made in relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of the Warrants 
and (iii) include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to 
the terms of the Warrants including, where applicable, to reflect any increased costs of 
the Issuer providing exposure to the successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more 
than one successor benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between 
the successor benchmarks; or 
(b) 
the Issuer may (if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms and at its option) cancel 
the Warrants by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices). If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay the Early 
Termination Amount to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such 
Warrantholder. Payments will be made in such manner and subject to such conditions 
as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 
(Notices). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms 
of the Warrants. In the event that, under any such terms, any other consequences could apply in 
relation to an event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer 
shall determine which terms shall apply in its discretion.

--- Page 584 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
558 
 
For the purposes of the above: 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that (1) a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur or (2) any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant 
Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in 
each case, with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or 
will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Warrants or (3) save where the Issue Terms 
specify that "Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))" is not applicable, it is not 
commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in connection with the 
Warrants as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining 
or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Warrants and for any reason such licence is either not 
obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence), or (4) there has been an official announcement by the supervisor of the 
administrator and/or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark that the relevant Benchmark is no longer 
representative or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, 
of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to 
measure. 
"Benchmark" means any figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the 
Warrants, or the value of the Warrants, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such 
figure or rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of a Benchmark any of the 
following: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark in respect 
of the Warrants. 
19. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
This General Condition 19 (the "Reference Rate Event Provisions") shall apply if "Reference 
Rate Event Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Reference Rate Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate in relation to the 
relevant Warrants, the Calculation Agent will: 
(i) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate; and  
(ii) 
if it identifies a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate: 
(A) 
calculate an Adjustment Spread that will be applied to the Replacement 
Reference Rate; and 
(B) 
determine such other amendments to the Warrants which it considers are 
necessary and/or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and

--- Page 585 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
559 
 
(iii) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and such other adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Warrants, 
provided that, as an alternative to the procedure described in subparagraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) 
above, the Calculation may instead: (i) determine that no Replacement Reference Rate or other 
amendments to the terms of the Warrants are required as a result of such Reference Rate Event 
(such determination being a "No Adjustment Determination"); or (ii) make such adjustment(s) 
to the terms of the Warrants as it determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect 
of such Reference Rate Event (the "RRE Adjustments"). 
Provided that the Calculation Agent has fully determined for purposes of the Warrants, as 
applicable, (i) a Replacement Reference Rate and the related timing and amendments to the 
Warrants or (ii) the relevant RRE Adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of 
such determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the earliest effective 
date for the relevant replacement and amendments or the relevant adjustments, as applicable. 
The Issuer shall notify the Warrantholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter 
in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify 
the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Warrantholders of any such determination will 
not affect the validity of any such determination. 
Where "Reference Rate Early Termination" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and if: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent has not made a No Adjustment Determination and the 
Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
determine any RRE Adjustments; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
identify a Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
calculate an Adjustment Spread, 
the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 (Notices). If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay the Early 
Termination Amount to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such Warrantholder. 
Payments will be made in such manner and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
References to "Reference Rate" will, where appropriate, include any related component rate, 
tenor or compounded index rate. 
(b) 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any replacement or amendment having become 
effective pursuant to General Condition 19(a)) above, the relevant Reference Rate is required 
for any determination in respect of the Warrants and at that time, no replacement or amendments 
have occurred in accordance with General Condition 19(a) and: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Warrants to reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Warrants, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined 
pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as if 
no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable 
law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Calculation Agent for the 
Warrants to reference the Reference Rate or for any such entity to use the Reference 
Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the Warrants, the level of the

--- Page 586 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
560 
 
Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion (notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions), after 
consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate 
that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or 
successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate (including any temporary substitute or 
successor rate) or the rate published at the relevant time on the last day on which the 
Reference Rate was published or was permitted to be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation (the "Last Permitted Rate") or (b) if it determines there 
is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate or 
the use of the Last Permitted Rate would not produce a commercially reasonable result, 
a substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative 
to the Reference Rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). If such Reference Rate 
is determined as any such substituted or successor rate, the Calculation Agent may 
determine such other amendments to the Warrants which it considers are necessary 
and/or appropriate in order to reflect the replacement of the Reference Rate with such 
substituted or successor rate. 
If the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Rate in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) 
above only, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of any determination made by it in 
accordance with the above and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination. The Issuer shall notify the Warrantholders thereof as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). Failure by the 
Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Warrantholders of 
any such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
(c) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the above: 
"Adjustment Spread" means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the 
Calculation Agent determines is required in order to reduce any transfer of economic value from 
(i) the Issuer to the Warrantholders or (ii) the Warrantholders to the Issuer, in each case that 
would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate. Any such adjustment may be an adjustment spread that would be applied for 
over-the-counter derivatives transactions referencing the relevant Reference Rate in relation to 
the occurrence of an index cessation event or administrator/benchmark event in respect of such 
Reference Rate (howsoever described under the terms of the relevant transaction) and/or take 
account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic value as a result of any 
difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to 
the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined 
pursuant to a formula or methodology.  
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Replacement Reference Rate means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Reference Rate. 
"Interpolated Reference Rate" with respect to the Reference Rate means the rate determined 
for the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Reference Rate 
for the longest period for which the Reference Rate is available that is shorter than the 
Corresponding Tenor and (2) the Reference Rate for the shortest period for which the Reference 
Rate is available that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor. 
"Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate" means, in respect of the relevant Reference 
Rate, the first of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources or rates specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms that is not subject to a Reference Rate Event. 
"Reference Rate Event" means: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent determines that (A) a material change in the relevant Reference 
Rate has occurred or will occur, or (B) the permanent or indefinite cancellation or

--- Page 587 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
561 
 
cessation in the provision of such Reference Rate has occurred or will occur and there 
is no successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the Reference 
Rate, or (C) a regulator or other official sector entity has prohibited or will prohibit the 
use of or it is otherwise not permitted to use such Reference Rate in respect of the 
Warrants or any related hedging arrangements in respect of the Warrants which are 
derivative transactions referencing the relevant Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in 
respect of the relevant Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the relevant 
Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, 
refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or 
any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation 
to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under 
the Warrants; 
(iii) 
save where the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii))" 
is not applicable, the Calculation Agent determines that it is not commercially 
reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Reference Rate in connection with the 
Warrants as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of 
obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the 
Issuer, the Calculation or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to 
issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Warrants and for any reason such 
licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change 
in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence); or 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent determines that there has been a public statement or publication 
of information by the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, any 
national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for 
either (a) supervising the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (b) 
regulating the Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate 
or another official body with applicable responsibility announcing that such Reference 
Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative, of 
any underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is intended to 
measure and that representativeness will not be restored; or  
(v) 
the relevant Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development in the over-
the-counter derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, publication of 
standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is or will 
be replaced with a replacement rate with respect to over-the-counter derivatives 
transactions which reference such Reference Rate. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank for 
the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of those central banks or other supervisors, or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Replacement Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an index, benchmark 
or other price source or rate that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially 
reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate, provided that the Replacement Reference Rate 
must be any of the following: 
(i) 
where applicable, the Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the then-current 
Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate; or

--- Page 588 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
562 
 
(iii) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for 
calculating an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate (which may 
be formally designated, nominated or recommended by (a) any Relevant Nominating 
Body, (b) the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (c) ISDA or any other 
relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee to replace the 
Reference Rate) which is recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard 
replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such 
Reference Rate (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of (I) a 
publication by the relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee, 
or (II) a press release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, 
publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) (a "Post-nominated 
Replacement Reference Rate"); or 
(iv) 
an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fallback that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for the Reference Rate. 
20. 
Adjustments 
(a) 
Adjustments 
Any adjustments to the General Conditions (including the determination of any adjustment 
spread or factor, however defined) which the Calculation Agent determines are necessary or 
appropriate pursuant to the provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in General 
Condition 19 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) and the redemption or adjustment for an 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
provisions 
set 
out 
in 
General 
Condition 
18 
(Administrator/Benchmark Event): 
(i) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market); 
(ii) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (i) technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including without limitation, changes to determination dates, 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation or 
observation period of a rate and the related payment dates and other administrative 
matters) that the Calculation Agent decides are appropriate, (ii) the application of any 
adjustment factor or adjustment spread (whether or not expressly referenced in the 
relevant provision and which may be positive or negative) and (iii) adjustments to 
reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or 
successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s); and 
(iii) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective 
dates, may but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate 
which is determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a 
"risk-free rate" and which, unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, 
will be the relevant rate in relation to the then current and all future determination days. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this General Condition 
20(a) (Adjustments), the Calculation Agent is not obliged to make any adjustment or make any 
determination in relation to the General Conditions if the effective date(s) of the relevant 
adjustment or determination would fall after the earlier of (i) the date the affected interest rate 
is no longer used as an interest rate for purposes of the Warrants and (ii) the maturity, 
termination or expiry of the Warrants. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) 
this General Condition 20(a) (Adjustments), the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may make 
all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Warrants as are 
provided for in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, Reference Rate Event, 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, or the occurrence of an event that causes the provisions in 
respect of relevant Underlyings which are Rates set out in Underlying Schedule 12 to apply (a

--- Page 589 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
563 
 
"Substitute or Successor Rate Event"), as applicable, notwithstanding that such Benchmark 
Transition Event, Reference Rate Event, Administrator/Benchmark Event or Substitute or 
Successor Rate Event, as applicable, may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Warrants. 
(b) 
No duty to monitor 
In relation to any relevant rate and for the purposes of applying the provisions of the Reference 
Rate Event Provisions set out in General Condition 19 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) and 
the redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions set out in 
General Condition 18, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will have any duty to monitor 
or enquire as to whether any relevant event or circumstance in respect of any such rate has 
occurred to which such provisions might apply. 
(c) 
Regulatory Obligations 
If (a) it is or would be unlawful or prohibited under any applicable law or regulation to determine 
and calculate a replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in 
accordance with the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in General Condition 19 
(Reference Rate Event Provisions) and the provisions in respect of relevant Underlyings which 
are Rates set out in Underlying Schedule 12, the redemption or adjustment for an 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
provisions 
set 
out 
in 
General 
Condition 
18 
(Administrator/Benchmark Event) (each a "Reference Rate Fallback Provision") (or it would 
be unlawful were a determination to be made at that time); or (b) it would contravene any 
applicable licensing requirements to determine a replacement interest rate or make any other 
determination or adjustment in accordance with any applicable Reference Rate Fallback 
Provision (or it would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be made 
at that time); or (c) the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment spread (however 
described in the Reference Rate Fallback Provisions) is or would be a benchmark, index or other 
price source whose production, publication, methodology or governance would subject the 
Calculation Agent to material additional regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to 
undertake, then the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to make the relevant determination 
or adjustment and may instead take any alternative action under the Conditions as it determines 
appropriate. 
21. 
Adjustments for European Monetary Union 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Warrantholders, on giving notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices): 
(i) 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms 
of the Warrants shall be redenominated in euro; 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(A) 
where the Settlement Currency of the Warrants is the National Currency Unit 
of a country which is participating in the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union, such Settlement Currency shall be deemed to be an 
amount of euro converted from the original Settlement Currency into euro at 
the Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as to rounding as the 
Issuer may decide, after consultation with the Calculation Agent, and as may 
be specified in the notice, and after the Adjustment Date, all payments in 
respect of the Warrants will be made solely in euro as though references in 
the Warrants to the Settlement Currency were to euro; 
(B) 
where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions are 
expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, contemplate the exchange 
from or into, the currency (the "Original Currency") of a country which is 
participating in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, 
such Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions shall be 
deemed to be expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, converted 
from or, as the case may be, into euro at the Established Rate; and

--- Page 590 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
564 
 
(C) 
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may 
decide, after consultation with the Calculation Agent, to conform them to 
conventions then applicable to instruments expressed in euro; and/or 
(ii) 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent may determine to be appropriate to account for the effect of the third 
stage of European Economic and Monetary Union on the Conditions. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor or any Agent shall 
be liable to any Warrantholder or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses 
in relation to or resulting from the transfer of euro or any currency conversion or rounding 
effected in connection therewith, provided that, in respect of German Law Warrants, the 
aforementioned limitations shall not apply to the Issuer in respect of liabilities for damages 
caused by the Issuer or its agents (Erfüllungsgehilfen) intentionally (vorsätzlich) or gross 
negligent (grob fahrlässig). 
22. 
Listing of Warrants 
In respect of Warrants which are to be listed on a stock exchange, market or quotation system, 
the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to have such Warrants approved for listing on the 
relevant stock exchange, market or quotation system and to maintain such listing so long as any 
of such Warrants are outstanding, PROVIDED THAT: 
(i) 
if it is impracticable or unduly burdensome, in the opinion of the Issuer acting in good 
faith, to maintain such listing; or 
(ii) 
if the maintenance of the listing of the Warrants has, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
become unduly onerous for any reason whatsoever, including, but not limited to, (i) 
the need for the Issuer and/or the CGMFL Guarantor to meet the requirements of (x) 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading or (y) of Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on the harmonisation of transparency requirements with regard to information about 
issuers whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market (which test, for 
the avoidance of doubt but without limitation, would be satisfied if the Issuer would 
be required to publish financial information according to accounting principles or 
standards that are materially different from United States generally accepted 
accounting principles) or (ii) the need for the Issuer and/or the CGMFL Guarantor to 
comply with any continuing obligation of the relevant stock exchange, market or 
quotation system, 
then the Issuer may apply to the relevant stock exchange, market or quotation system to de-list 
such Warrants from such stock exchange, market or quotation system in accordance with the 
rules of the relevant stock exchange, market or quotation system PROVIDED THAT it shall 
use all reasonable endeavours to obtain and maintain as soon as reasonably practicable after 
such de-listing an alternative admission to listing, trading and/or quotation of the relevant 
Warrants by an appropriate stock exchange, market or quotation system within or outside the 
European Union, as it may decide. 
If, in the opinion of the Issuer, such admission to listing, trading and/or quotation on an 
appropriate stock exchange, market or quotation system is not available or if obtaining or 
maintaining such admission would be, in the opinion of the Issuer, impracticable or unduly 
burdensome, the Issuer shall not be required to obtain such admission and shall have no further 
obligation to obtain or maintain any listing, trading and/or quotation for the relevant Warrants. 
23. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
English Law Warrants do not confer on any person any right under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999 (the "Act") to enforce any term of the Warrants. This provision does 
not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available apart from the Act.

--- Page 591 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
565 
 
24. 
Specified Offices of the Warrant Agents, Registrar and Authentication Agent  
Principal Warrant Agent and New York Warrant Agent 
Citibank Europe PLC  
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland  
 
Registrar 
Citibank Europe PLC, Germany Branch  
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Authentication Agent 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 592 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
566 
 
SECTION H.3 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Security Index" ("Security Index Linked Securities" or "Security Index Linked Warrants"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Security Indices. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) any Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow and/or Index Restriction Event, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and (ii) if "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as 
applicable for a Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms, any of China Connect Share 
Disqualification or China Connect Service Termination, in each case, if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Bond Index" means each Security Index classified as such is the applicable Issue Terms. 
"China Connect Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the China 
Connect Service is open for order routing during its regular order routing sessions, 
notwithstanding the China Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"China Connect Disruption" means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of 
orders (including in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) 
through the China Connect Service, relating to any relevant Component Security on the relevant 
Exchange or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of the market participants in general to 
enter orders in respect of Component Securities through the China Connect Service. 
"China Connect Early Closure" means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the 
China Connect Service prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (i) the actual closing time for order routing through the China Connect Service on such China 
Connect Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China 
Connect Service system for execution on the relevant Exchange at the Valuation Time on such 
China Connect Business Day. 
"China Connect Service" means the securities trading and clearing links programme developed 
by the relevant Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its 
affiliates provides order routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded 
on the relevant Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, settlement, depository 
and other services in relation to such securities. 
"China Connect Service Termination" means, if "Additional Index Provisions for China 
Connect Service" are specified as applicable for a Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms, 
on or after the Trade Date, the announcement by one or more of the relevant Exchange, SEHK, 
the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a suspension or 
termination of the China Connect Service or a part thereof for any reason which materially 
affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, any Component Securities through the 
China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable 
likelihood that such suspension or termination is not, or will not be, temporary. 
"China Connect Share Disqualification" means, if "Additional Index Provisions for China 
Connect Service" are specified as applicable for a Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms, 
on or after the Trade Date, any Component Securities cease to be accepted as "China Connect 
Securities" (as defined in the rules of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect Service. 
"Component Security" means, in respect of a Security Index, each component security or debt 
instrument included in such Security Index.

--- Page 593 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
567 
 
"Exchange" means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index, either (i) each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such in respect of such Single Exchange Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms or any successor to any such exchange or quotation system, or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the relevant Component Securities has 
temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the relevant Component Securities on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system); or (ii) where 
"Principal Exchanges" is specified as the Exchange in respect of a Single Exchange Index, the 
exchange or quotation system on which each relevant Component Security is (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) principally traded; and (b) in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index and 
each relevant Component Security, the exchange, quotation system, over-the-counter market or 
trading system on which such Component Security is (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
principally traded. 
"Exchange Business Day" means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index, any Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Single Exchange Index on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange for such Single Exchange Index (i) is open for trading during its respective regular 
trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) if "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service" 
are specified as applicable for a Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms, which is a China 
Connect Business Day; and (b) in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Multiple Exchange Index (i) on which the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the 
level of such Security Index and each Related Exchange for such Multiple Exchange Index is 
open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) if "Additional Index 
Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as applicable for a Security Index in the 
applicable Issue Terms, which is a China Connect Business Day. 
"HKSCC" means the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited. 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic 
of China. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that any Hedging Party would incur a rate to borrow 
any Component Security that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
"Index Restriction Event" means, in respect of an Index, the occurrence of circumstances 
in which (i) the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person using such Index in connection 
with the Securities is prevented from using or (ii) it is not commercially reasonable for any such 
entity to continue the use of, such Index, in each case as a result of:  
(i) 
any applicable legal restrictions; or 
(ii) 
any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining 
any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, or any such other person is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Securities and for any reason such licence is 
either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost 
of obtaining or renewing such licence). 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of a Security Index, the corporation or other entity which 
(a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculation 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Security Index; and (b) announces (directly or through 
an agent) the level of such Security Index. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Component Security, the rate that any Hedging 
Party would have incurred to borrow such Component Security as of the Trade Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 594 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
568 
 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) any Component Security at a rate 
equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Market Disruption Event" shall have the meaning given to it in Security Index Condition 
3(a) (Single Exchange Index) (in respect of a Single Exchange Index) or in Security Index 
Condition 3(b) (Multiple Exchange Index) (in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index). 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Component Security, the lowest rate that 
any Hedging Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow 
such Component Security as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Multiple Exchange Index" means each Security Index specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
"QFII" and "RQFII", means Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor and Renminbi Qualified 
Foreign Institutional Investor, respectively, defined in the Measures on the Administration of 
Domestic Securities Investments by Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors and Renminbi 
Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors, as may be amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of a Security Index, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Security Index has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Security Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation 
system). Where "All Exchanges" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable 
Related Exchange in respect of a Security Index, then "Related Exchange" means each 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures contracts or options contracts relating to 
such Security Index. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Security Index, a Scheduled Trading Day 
and an Exchange or a Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Security Index or, where 
"Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as applicable for a 
Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms, the China Connect Service, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange, Related Exchange or China Connect Service, as the 
case may be, on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after-hours trading or any other 
trading outside the hours of the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index, any day on which 
(i) each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of such Single Exchange Index is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its respective regular trading sessions and (ii) if "Additional 
Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as applicable for a Security Index in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the China Connect Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing 
for its regular order-routing sessions; and (b) in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index, any day 
on which (i) the Index Sponsor in respect of such Multiple Exchange Index is scheduled to 
publish the level of such Multiple Exchange Index, (ii) each Related Exchange in respect of 
such Multiple Exchange Index is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session, 
(iii) if "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as applicable for 
a Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms, the China Connect Service is scheduled to be 
open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions and (iv) the X Percentage is no more 
than 20 per cent. of the relevant Component Securities. 
"Security Index" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Security Index Condition" means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule.

--- Page 595 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
569 
 
"SEHK" means The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
"Single Exchange Index" means each Security Index specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
"X Percentage" means, in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index and any day, the percentage of 
relevant Component Securities which are scheduled to be unavailable for trading on any relevant 
Exchange on such day by virtue of that day not being a day on which such relevant Exchange 
is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session. For the purposes of 
determining the X Percentage in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index, the relevant percentage 
of a relevant Component Security unavailable for trading shall be based on a comparison of (a) 
the portion of the level of such Multiple Exchange Index attributable to such Component 
Security; and (b) the overall level of such Multiple Exchange Index, in each case, using the 
official opening weightings as published by the relevant Index Sponsor as part of the market 
"opening data". 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Security Index and a Valuation Date, the 
official closing level of such Security Index either (a) where Same Day Publication is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, on such Valuation Date (and in which 
circumstances, where the level of such Security Index is published on a succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day, the level for that Valuation Date will have been the level calculated for the 
Security Index for or in respect of a preceding Scheduled Trading Day) or (b) where Same Day 
Publication is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, for such Valuation Date 
(and in which circumstances the level for that Valuation Date may be published on a succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page.  
"Valuation Time" means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index where Single Valuation 
Time is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an Underlying Closing Level and 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day and (b) in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index or a Single Exchange 
Index where Single Valuation Time is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and a Scheduled Trading Day: (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption 
Event in respect of such Security Index has occurred: (A) in respect of any Component Security, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; and (B) 
in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on such Security Index, the close of trading 
on the relevant Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the 
official closing level of such Security Index is calculated and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of a Security Index and a Valuation Date, the level of 
such Security Index observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Security Index, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Security Index, the time at which the level of such Security Index is being 
determined during such Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Security Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Security Index on which a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
(a) 
Single Exchange Index 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Security Index which is a Single Exchange 
Index, the occurrence of any of the events set out below:

--- Page 596 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
570 
 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Security Index; or 
(ii) 
a relevant Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session; or 
(iii) 
where "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as 
applicable for a Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms, the China Connect 
Service fails to open for order-routing during its regular order-routing session; or 
(iv) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange of 
Component Securities which in aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of such Security Index; or 
(v) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related 
Exchange of futures contracts or option contracts relating to such Security Index; or 
(vi) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) 
of this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
the ability of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for relevant Component Securities which in 
aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index; or 
(vii) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) 
of this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
the ability of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to 
effect transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Security Index; or 
(viii) 
where "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as 
applicable for a Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms, the occurrence or 
existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time of a China Connect 
Disruption; or 
(ix) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange in respect of Component Securities which in 
aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the 
deadline for the submission of orders to be entered into such Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day); or 
(x) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or option 
contracts relating to such Security Index prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless 
such earlier closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the 
submission of orders to be entered into such Related Exchange system for execution at 
the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day); or

--- Page 597 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
571 
 
(xi) 
where "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as 
applicable for a Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms, a China Connect Early 
Closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material). 
(b) 
Multiple Exchange Index 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Security Index which is a Multiple 
Exchange Index, the occurrence of any of the events set out below: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Security Index; or 
(ii) 
any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(iii) 
where "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service" specified as applicable 
for a Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms, the China Connect Service fails to 
open for order-routing during its regular order-routing session; or 
(iv) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange of 
any relevant Component Security, and the aggregate of all relevant Component 
Securities so affected plus the X Percentage comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of such Security Index; or 
(v) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related 
Exchange of futures contracts or option contracts relating to such Security Index; or 
(vi) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) 
of this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
the ability of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any relevant Component Security, and 
the aggregate of all relevant Component Securities so affected plus the X Percentage 
comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index; or 
(vii) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) 
of this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
the ability of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to 
effect transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Security Index; or 
(viii) 
where "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as 
applicable for a Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms, the occurrence or 
existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time of a China Connect 
Disruption; or 
(ix) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange in respect of any relevant Component Security 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) 
the deadline for the submission of orders to be entered into such Exchange System for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day), and the

--- Page 598 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
572 
 
aggregate of all relevant Component Securities so affected plus the X Percentage 
comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index; or 
(x) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or option 
contracts relating to such Security Index prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless 
such earlier closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the 
submission of orders to be entered into such Related Exchange System for execution 
at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day); or 
(xi) 
where "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as 
applicable for a Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms, a China Connect Early 
Closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material). 
(c) 
Determining whether or not a Market Disruption Event exists 
For the purposes of determining whether or not a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of 
a Security Index at any time, if an event giving rise to a Market Disruption Event occurs in 
respect of a Component Security of such Security Index at such time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of such Component Security to the level of such Security Index shall 
be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of such Security Index attributable to 
such Component Security; and (ii) the overall level of such Security Index, either (A) where 
such Security Index is a Single Exchange Index, immediately before the occurrence of such 
Market Disruption Event; or (B) where such Security Index is a Multiple Exchange Index, using 
the official opening weightings as published by the relevant Index Sponsor as part of the market 
"opening data". 
For the purposes of determining whether or not a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of 
a Component Security at any time, if an event giving rise to a Market Disruption Event occurs 
in respect of such Component Security at such time, then the relevant percentage contribution 
of such Component Security to the level of the relevant Security Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (i) the portion of the level of such Security Index attributable to such Component 
Security; and (ii) the overall level of such Security Index, using the official opening weightings 
as published by the relevant Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Security Index if 
Security Index Condition 4 is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
such Security Index is either (a) not calculated and announced by or on behalf of the 
relevant Index Sponsor but instead is calculated and announced by or on behalf of a 
successor to such relevant Index Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (b) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of such Security Index (such index, the "Successor Index", which will be 
deemed to be such Security Index); and 
(b) 
each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
The following Additional Early Termination Event shall apply in respect of a Security Index if 
Security Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Termination Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation or substitution 
can reasonably be made under Security Index Condition 6(b) (Modification or cancellation of 
a Security Index and Security Index Substitution).

--- Page 599 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
573 
 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
"Correction Period" means, in respect of a Security Index, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Modification or cancellation of a Security Index and Security Index Substitution 
(i) 
Security Index Adjustment Events 
If Security Index Condition 6(b)(i) (Security Index Adjustment Events) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Security Index, (A) on or prior 
to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the level of such 
Security Index or in any other way materially modifies such Security Index (other than 
a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain such Security Index 
in the event of changes in Component Securities and capitalisation and other routine 
events) (a "Security Index Modification"); or (B) on or prior to any Valuation Date, 
the relevant Index Sponsor at any time permanently cancels such Security Index and 
no Successor Index (as defined in Security Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment 
Events)) exists (a "Security Index Cancellation"); or (C) on or prior to any Valuation 
Date the relevant Index Sponsor or any person or entity on its behalf fails to calculate 
and announce such Security Index (a "Security Index Disruption", and together with 
a Security Index Modification and a Security Index Cancellation, a "Security Index 
Adjustment Event"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Security 
Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities, and if so, either: 
(A) 
calculate the relevant level of such Security Index at the relevant time on such 
Valuation Date using, in lieu of a published level for such Security Index, the 
level of such Security Index at the relevant time on such Valuation Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and 
the method of calculating the level of such Security Index last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of such Security Index Adjustment Event but using only 
those Component Securities or other assets or instruments which comprised 
such Security Index immediately prior to the occurrence of such Security 
Index Adjustment Event (other than those Component Securities or other 
assets or instruments which have since ceased to be listed on any relevant 
Exchange); and/or 
(B) 
substitute 
such 
Security 
Index 
as 
provided 
in 
Security 
Index 
Condition 6(b)(ii) (Security Index Substitution) and make such adjustments 
(if any) to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as it 
deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution to account for 
the effect of such Security Index Adjustment Event in order to preserve the 
original economic rationale and objectives of the Securities; and/or 
(C) 
make such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to 
account for the effect of such Security Index Adjustment Event in order to 
preserve the original economic rationale and objectives of the Securities and 
determine the effective date of each such adjustment."; and 
If no calculation, substitution and/or adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to 
the above, the provisions of Security Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Termination 
Events) shall apply. 
(ii) 
Security Index Substitution 
If Security Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Security Index Condition 
6(b)(i)(B) (Security Index Adjustment Events) shall be, and any adjustment made by

--- Page 600 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
574 
 
the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include, a Security 
Index Substitution. 
"Security Index Substitution" means, in relation to a Security Index Adjustment 
Event or an Adjustment Event, the replacement of the Security Index the subject of 
such Security Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be, with 
a new security index selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a replacement 
security index which is reasonably comparable to the relevant Security Index and 
using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar 
formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such 
Security Index or a replacement security index selected by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Such new security index shall be deemed to be a Security Index in place of the Security 
Index the subject of the Security Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the 
case may be. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Security Index on a Disrupted Day 
If, in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants 
or Exercisable Certificates, an Underlying Closing Level of a Security Index is to be determined 
on a Valuation Date which is a Disrupted Day for such Security Index, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such Underlying Closing Level of such Security Index at the Valuation 
Time on such Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the 
level of such Security Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Security Index, using either (i) the price traded or quoted on the relevant 
Exchange as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of each Component 
Security contained in such Security Index; or (ii) (if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant Component Security on that Valuation Date) its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant Component Security as of the relevant Valuation Time on 
such Valuation Date.  
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day on which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Security Index because one or more relevant Related 
Exchanges is not scheduled to be open; or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for a Security Index solely because any relevant Related Exchange 
fails to open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine any such day either (A) to be 
the Valuation Date in respect of a Security Index, notwithstanding that such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Security Index because one or more such Related Exchanges 
is not scheduled to be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a 
Disrupted Day solely because any such Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (I) 
any Underlying Closing Level or any Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected Security 
Index; (II) any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant Related 
Exchange; and (III) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities. 
(e) 
Conditions for Bond Indices 
In relation to Security Indices which are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Bond 
Indices, all references to "Security Index" and "Security Indices" in these Security Index

--- Page 601 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
575 
 
Conditions shall be deemed to be references to "Bond Index" and "Bond Indices" and these 
Security Index Conditions shall be deemed to be amended as set out below. 
(i) 
Valuation 
The definition "Valuation Time" set out in Security Index Condition 2(a) (Closing 
valuations) shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an Underlying Closing Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, (A) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred in respect of any relevant Component Security, the time at which such 
Component Security is valued for the purposes of determining the level of such Bond 
Index for the relevant day; and (B) in all other circumstances, the time at which the 
level of such Bond Index for such day is calculated and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor.". 
(ii) 
Market Disruption Event 
In relation to a Bond Index, the definition of "Market Disruption Event" set out in 
Security Index Condition 3(b) (Multiple Exchange Index) shall be amended by the 
insertion of the word "or" at the end of sub paragraph (viii) and the insertion of the 
following paragraphs as sub-paragraphs (ix) to (xii) after sub-paragraph (viii) thereof: 
"(ix) 
a general moratorium is declared in respect of banking activities in the country 
in which the Exchange in respect of a Component Security is located (which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material); or 
(x) 
the difference between the bid and offer prices of any Component Security 
increases compared to that prevailing as at the Issue Date at any time (which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material); or 
(xi) 
the calculation of such Bond Index is impractical or impossible at any time 
save in circumstances in which the relevant Index Sponsor fails to calculate 
and publish such Bond Index as described in Security Index Condition 6(b) 
(Modification or cancellation of a Security Index and Security Index 
Substitution); or 
(xii) 
a reduction in liquidity in any Component Security and/or any other event or 
circumstance that is beyond the reasonable control of the Issuer that prevents 
or limits transactions in the Component Security (which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material).". 
(iii) 
In relation to a Bond Index, Security Index Condition 6 (Additional Provisions) shall 
be amended as follows: 
(A) 
the first paragraph of Security Index Condition 6(b) (Modification or 
cancellation of a Security Index and Security Index Substitution) shall be 
amended by the deletion of the words "(other than a modification prescribed 
in that formula or method to maintain such Security Index in the event of 
changes in Component Securities and capitalisation and other routine events)" 
in the third, fourth and fifth lines thereof and the substitution of the words 
"(other than a modification prescribed in the conditions or methodology of 
the relevant Bond Index to maintain the relevant Bond Index in the event of 
changes in Component Securities and other routine events)" therefore; and 
(B) 
Security Index Condition 6(d) (Calculation Agent's discretion to determine 
non-material events) shall not apply to the Bond Index.

--- Page 602 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
576 
 
(iv) 
In relation to a Bond Index, there shall be no definition of "Related Exchange" and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(f) 
Adjustments following an Adjustment Event 
If "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as applicable for a 
Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of any adjustment made by the 
Calculation Agent with respect to an Adjustment Event pursuant to Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(h) (Adjustment Events) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(h) (Adjustment Events) in respect of Securities which are 
Warrants or Exercisable Certificates, in each case, relating to the relevant Security Index, the 
Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine necessary or appropriate adjustment(s) by 
reference to any requirement, adjustment and/or limitation that may be imposed by the China 
Connect Service or any action or inaction by any one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC 
and HKSCC in relation to such Adjustment Event in respect of Component Securities held 
through the China Connect Service. 
(g) 
Hedging Disruption 
If "Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as applicable for a 
Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms, for the purposes of the definition of Hedging 
Disruption in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(m) (Definitions) in respect of Securities 
which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(m) (Definitions) in 
respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates: 
(i) 
a Hedging Disruption includes (without limitation) any inability to hedge by the 
Hedging Party or its Affiliates as a result of compliance with any foreign ownership 
restrictions imposed by the issuer of any Component Security, any exchange or any 
court, tribunal, government or regulatory authority in the PRC or Hong Kong; and 
(ii) 
"using commercially reasonable efforts" to hedge the risks with respect to the 
Securities referred to in the definition of Hedging Disruption does not include the use 
of any quota granted to such Hedging Party or its Affiliates under the Qualified Foreign 
Institutional Investor (QFII) or Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor 
(RQFII) schemes. 
(h) 
Security Index Linked Warrants relating to a Contract 
The provisions of this Security Index Condition 6(h) shall apply to Exempt Warrants only. 
In relation to Security Indices where "Contract Valuation" is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, these Security Index Conditions shall be deemed to be amended as set 
out below: 
(i) 
Valuation 
The definitions of "Underlying Closing Level" shall be deemed to be deleted and 
replaced by the following: 
"Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of: 
(i) 
a Contract and a Valuation Date, the Official Settlement Price of the Contract 
published by the Related Exchange or its clearing house on such Valuation 
Date in accordance with its rules Provided That, if there is no Official 
Settlement Price as a result of the fact that trading in the Contract never 
commences or is permanently discontinued at any time on or prior to the 
relevant Valuation Date, the Official Settlement Price shall be deemed to be 
an amount equal to the Underlying Closing Level of the relevant Security 
Index on such Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with paragraph (ii) below; and

--- Page 603 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
577 
 
(ii) 
a Security Index and a Valuation Date, the official closing level of such 
Security Index either (a) where Same Day Publication is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, on such Valuation Date (and in 
which circumstances, where the level of such Security Index is published on 
a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, the level for that Valuation Date will 
have been the level calculated for the Security Index for or in respect of a 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day) or (b) where Same Day Publication is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, for such Valuation Date 
(and in which circumstances the level for that Valuation Date may be 
published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, as displayed 
on the applicable Electronic Page.". 
(ii) 
Market Disruption Event 
In relation to a Contract, the definition of "Market Disruption Event" set out in Security 
Index Conditions 3(a) and 3(b) shall be amended by the substitution of the word "; or" 
for the full-stop at the end of each such Condition and the insertion of the following 
sub-paragraph thereafter: 
"(xii) 
in respect of a Contract, the Related Exchange fails to publish the Official 
Settlement Price of such Contract.". 
(iii) 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following shall constitute an Additional Adjustment Event in respect of the 
Warrants: 
(a) 
after the Trade Date, the terms of the Contract are changed or modified by the 
Related Exchange other than adjustments made by the Related Exchange to 
the method of calculation of the Official Settlement Price. 
(iv) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
"Correction Period" means, in respect of a Contract, two Business Days. 
(v) 
Definitions 
"Contract" means the contract specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Contract Expiry Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or, if trading in the Contract never commences or is permanently 
discontinued at any time, the Contract Expiry Date shall be the date that, but for the 
non-commencement or permanent discontinuance of the Contract, would have been 
the Contract Expiry Date. 
"Official Settlement Price" means, in relation to a Contract, the official settlement 
price (howsoever described under the rules of the relevant Related Exchange or its 
clearing house) on expiration of such Contract published by the Related Exchange or 
its clearing house on the relevant Contract Expiry Date.

--- Page 604 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
578 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"Inflation Index" ("Inflation Index Securities"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Inflation Indices. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Cut-off Date" means, in respect of a Payment Date, the day which is five Business Days prior 
to such Payment Date. 
"DIR Inflation Linked Notes" are Notes (i) which either bear interest payable at, or calculated 
by reference to, a rate determined by reference to movements in an inflation index and the 
specific interest payment date to allow interpolation between the two monthly fixings ("DIR 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes"), and/or (ii) in respect of which the DIR Linked Redemption 
Amount payable at maturity is calculated by reference to movements in an inflation index, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Fallback Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, if "Fallback Bond" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) the bond specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or (b) if no such bond is specified, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued 
by the government of the country to whose level of inflation such Inflation Index relates and 
which pays interest or a redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation 
Index, with a scheduled maturity date which falls on (i) the same day as the Maturity Date; (ii) 
the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing on the 
Maturity Date; or (iii) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no bond described 
in (a) or (b) above is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level 
of inflation across the European Monetary Union ("EMU"), then the Calculation Agent will 
select an inflation-linked bond which is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not 
any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays interest or a 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the EMU. In 
each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds 
issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing 
on the same date, then the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those 
bonds. If the Fallback Bond in respect of an Inflation Index redeems, then the Calculation Agent 
will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue 
at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed 
bond is exchanged).  
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the corporation or other entity which 
(a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculation 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Inflation Index; and (b) announces (directly or through 
an agent) the level of such Inflation Index. 
"Inflation Index" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
any Successor Index. 
"Inflation Index Condition" means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
"Inflation Rate Notes" are Notes which either bear interest payable at, or calculated by 
reference to, a rate determined by reference to movements in an inflation index. 
"Increased Cost of Index Event" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, that the relevant Index 
Sponsor imposes on the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates increased or unexpected fees and costs 
for the use of such Inflation Index, which the Calculation Agent determines are material. 
"Manifest Error Cut-off Date" means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior 
to such Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 605 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
579 
 
"Payment Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the Interest Payment Date, the Maturity 
Date or other date to which such Valuation Date relates. 
"Reference Month" means, in respect of an Inflation Index and a Valuation Date, each month 
specified as such for such Valuation Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Revision Cut-off Date" means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior to such 
Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a Valuation Date and a 
related Reference Month, the level of such Inflation Index in respect of such Reference Month, 
as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time and Underlying Level shall not apply to an Inflation Index. 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
(a) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index on a Valuation Date 
Any Specified Valuation Date shall not be adjusted in relation to an Inflation Index and the 
Substitute Index Level provisions set out below shall apply thereto. The provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) shall 
only apply in relation to Underlying(s) which are not Inflation Indices (if any). 
(b) 
Substitute Index Level 
(i) 
Securities linked to Inflation Indices other than DIR Inflation Linked Securities 
If an Underlying Closing Level for a Reference Month has not been published or 
announced by the Cut-off Date for the relevant Payment Date, then the Calculation 
Agent shall, subject to any provisions specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
determine a substitute index level (the "Substitute Index Level") by using the 
following methodology: 
(A) 
if Fallback Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent will take the same action to determine the Substitute Index 
Level for the affected Reference Month as that taken by the relevant 
calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of any relevant 
Fallback Bond; and 
(B) 
if there is no Fallback Bond or sub-paragraph (i) does not result in a Substitute 
Index Level for the relevant Reference Month for any reason, then the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Substitute Index Level in accordance 
with the formula set out below: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level ∗(Latest
Level
ReferenceLevel) 
Where: 
"Base Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by 
the relevant Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar 
months prior to the Reference Month for which the Substitute Index Level is 
being determined; 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by 
the relevant Index Sponsor prior to the Reference Month in respect of which 
the Substitute Index Level is being determined;

--- Page 606 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
580 
 
"Reference Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by 
the relevant Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar 
months prior to the Reference Month referred to in the definition for "Latest 
Level" above; and 
(C) 
if the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month 
is published or announced at any time after the Cut-off Date for the relevant 
Payment Date, then such Underlying Closing Level will not be used in any 
calculation. The Substitute Index Level determined pursuant to this Inflation 
Index Condition 3 (Disruption To Valuation) will be the Underlying Closing 
Level in respect of the relevant Reference Month. 
(ii) 
DIR Inflation Linked Securities 
This paragraph (ii) only applies in relation to DIR Inflation Linked Securities. 
If an Underlying Closing Level for a Reference Month has not been published or 
announced by the Cut-off Date for the relevant Payment Date, then the Calculation 
Agent shall, subject to any provisions specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
determine a substitute index level (the Substitute Index Level) by using the following 
methodology: 
(A) 
if Fallback Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent will take the same action to determine the Substitute Index 
Level for the affected Reference Month as that taken by the relevant 
calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of any relevant 
Fallback Bond; and 
(B) 
if there is no Fallback Bond or sub-paragraph (i) does not result in a Substitute 
Index Level for the relevant Reference Month for any reason, then the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Substitute Index Level as follows: 
(1) 
in the definition of DIR Index, if the Underlying Closing Level of 
the specified Inflation Index is not available for either Index Month 
A or Index Month B (both as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms), the DIR Index Figure applicable to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date will be the Latest Level, where 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest 
level of such Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) 
published or announced by the relevant Index Sponsor; 
(2) 
in the definition of DIR Index, if the Underlying Closing Level of 
the specified Inflation Index is not available for both Index Month A 
and Index Month B, then Inflation Index Condition 6(d) 
(Substitution of an Inflation Index) will apply; and 
if the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month 
is published or announced at any time after the Cut-off Date for the relevant 
Payment Date, then such Underlying Closing Level will not be used in any 
calculation. The Substitute Index Level determined pursuant to this Inflation 
Index Condition 3 will be the Underlying Closing Level in respect of the 
relevant Reference Month. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an Inflation Index if 
Inflation Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms: the occurrence at any time of an Increased Cost of Index Event.

--- Page 607 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
581 
 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
The following Additional Early Termination Events shall apply in respect of an Inflation Index 
if Inflation Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Termination Events) is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent determines that no Successor Index can be determined under 
Inflation Index Condition 6(d) (Substitution of an Inflation Index); and/or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made under 
Inflation Index Condition 6(e) (Modification of an Inflation Index). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(k) (Correction of published or 
announced prices or levels) shall not apply in respect of an Inflation Index. 
(b) 
Revision of the level of an Inflation Index 
The operation of this Inflation Index Condition 6(b) is subject as provided in Inflation Index 
Condition 6(c) (Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index) below. 
If "Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the first publication and announcement of an Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation Index, 
or any revision to such Underlying Closing Level made no later than the relevant Revision Cut-
off Date, shall be final and conclusive. 
If "No Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the first publication and announcement of an Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation 
Index shall be final and conclusive, and any later revision to such Underlying Closing Level 
will not be used in any calculation. 
If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then "No 
Revision" shall be deemed to apply. 
(c) 
Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor of an Inflation Index has corrected 
an Underlying Closing Level for such Inflation Index to correct a manifest error no later than 
the earlier to occur of (i) the relevant Manifest Error Cut-off Date; and (ii) 30 calendar days 
following the first publication and announcement of such Underlying Closing Level, then the 
Calculation Agent may use such corrected Underlying Closing Level for the purposes of any 
calculation in respect of any relevant Valuation Date. Any correction to an Underlying Closing 
Level of such Inflation Index published after the relevant Manifest Error Cut-off Date will not 
be used in any calculation in respect of any relevant Valuation Date. In the event of any 
inconsistency (as determined by the Calculation Agent) between this Inflation Index Condition 
6(c) and Inflation Index Condition 6(b) (Revision of the level of an Inflation Index), the operation 
of this Inflation Index Condition 6(c) shall prevail. 
(d) 
Substitution of an Inflation Index 
If Inflation Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that either (i) a level for an Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two consecutive months; and/or (ii) the Index Sponsor announces that it will 
no longer continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index; and/or (iii) the Index Sponsor 
cancels such Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent may replace such Inflation Index with 
a successor index (a "Successor Index") by using the following methodology: 
(i) 
if at any time a successor index has been designated in respect of an Inflation Index by 
the calculation agent under any relevant Fallback Bond pursuant to the terms and

--- Page 608 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
582 
 
conditions of such Fallback Bond, then such successor index may be designated a 
"Successor Index" for such Inflation Index for the purposes of all subsequent Valuation 
Dates, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may previously have been 
determined under sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under sub-paragraph (i) and a notice has 
been given or an announcement has been made by the relevant Index Sponsor, 
specifying that such Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement inflation index 
specified by the relevant Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that 
such replacement inflation index is calculated using the same or substantially similar 
formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable 
Inflation Index, then such replacement index shall be such Inflation Index for purposes 
of the Securities from the date that such replacement Inflation Index comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) by the fifth 
Business Day prior to the Cut-off Date in respect of the next following Payment Date, 
then the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index and such 
index will be deemed a "Successor Index". 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with the above, the Calculation Agent may 
make such adjustment(s) to the terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for such 
replacement and determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Securities. 
If no Successor Index can be determined pursuant to the above, the provisions of Inflation Index 
Condition 5 (Additional Early Termination Events) shall apply. 
(e) 
Modification of an Inflation Index 
If, on or prior to any Cut-off Date in respect of a Payment Date, an Index Sponsor announces 
that it will make a material change to an Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall make 
such adjustments to the Conditions (i) (if a Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation 
Index) as are consistent with any adjustment made to the relevant Fallback Bond; or (ii) (if no 
Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index) as are necessary for such modified 
Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation Index. 
If no such adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the above, an Additional Early 
Termination Event shall be deemed to have occurred and the provisions of Inflation Index 
Condition 5 (Additional Early Termination Events) shall apply. 
(f) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, then the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for the purposes 
of determining any Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation Index from the date of such 
rebasing. 
If a Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall 
make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index as are made pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Fallback Bond, so that the levels of such Rebased Index reflect 
the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
If no Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index, so that the levels of such 
Rebased Index reflect the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was 
rebased. 
In each case, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such rebasing 
and determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Securities.  
Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the Securities.

--- Page 609 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
583 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Commodity Index" ("Commodity Index Linked Securities" or "Commodity Index Linked 
Warrants"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Commodity Indices. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any Index Restriction Event, if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
"Commodity Index" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Commodity Index Condition" means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
"Component" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, each component included in such 
Commodity Index. 
"Component Trading Day" means, in respect of a Component, a day on which the Exchange 
for such Component is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to the Scheduled Closing Time for such 
Component. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, each exchange, quotation system, over-
the-counter market or principal trading market on which each relevant Component is (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) principally traded and, in respect of a Component of a 
Commodity Index, the exchange, quotation system, over-the-counter market or principal trading 
market on which such Component is (as determined by the Calculation Agent) principally 
traded. 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, any Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Commodity Index on which the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such 
Commodity Index. 
"Index Restriction Event" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the occurrence of 
circumstances in which (i) the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person using such 
Commodity Index in connection with the Securities is prevented from using or (ii) it is not 
commercially reasonable for any such entity to continue the use of, such Commodity Index, in 
each case as a result of:  
(i) 
any applicable legal restrictions; or 
(ii) 
any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining 
any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, or any such other person is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Securities and for any reason such licence is 
either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost 
of obtaining or renewing such licence). 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the corporation or other entity which 
(a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculations 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Commodity Index; and (b) announces (directly or 
through an agent) the level of such Commodity Index on a regular basis.  
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of a Commodity Index and options contracts and futures 
contracts on such Commodity Index, any exchange on which such options contracts or futures 
contracts on such Commodity Index are traded.

--- Page 610 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
584 
 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means (a) in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day and an Exchange 
or a Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday closing time on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after-hours trading or any other 
trading outside the hours of the regular trading session on such Exchange and (b) in respect of 
a Component Trading Day, a Component and the Exchange for such Component, the scheduled 
weekday closing time on such Exchange on such Component Trading Day, without regard to 
after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session on such 
Exchange. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, any day on which the 
relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Commodity Index and, where 
Commodity Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
day on which the Exchange for each Component of such Commodity Index is scheduled to be 
open for trading for its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior 
to the Scheduled Closing Time for the relevant Component. 
"Successor Index" shall have the meaning given to it in Commodity Index Condition 4 
(Additional Adjustment Events). 
"Tax Disruption" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the imposition of, change in or 
removal of a Relevant Tax by any relevant government or taxing authority after the Trade Date, 
if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to increase or decrease the level of 
the Commodity Index on a day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date from what it would 
have been without such imposition, change or removal. For these purposes, Relevant Tax 
means, in respect of a Component or commodity relating to such Component, any excise, 
severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or other similar tax 
on, or measured by reference to, such Component or commodity (other than a tax on, or 
measured by reference to, overall gross or net income). 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index and a Valuation Date, 
the official closing level of such Commodity Index on such Valuation Date or, where the level 
of such Commodity Index is only published once in respect of any day, the level of such 
Commodity Index either (a) where Same Day Publication is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, on such Valuation Date (and in which circumstances, where the level 
of such Commodity Index is published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, the level for 
that Valuation Date will have been the level calculated for the Commodity Index for or in respect 
of a preceding Scheduled Trading Day) or (b) where Same Day Publication is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, for such Valuation Date (and in which circumstances 
the level for that Valuation Date may be published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day), 
on the applicable Electronic Page.  
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, an Underlying Closing Level and 
a Scheduled Trading Day, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Disrupted Day has 
occurred: (A) in respect of any relevant Component, the time at which such Component is 
valued for the purposes of determining the relevant level of such Commodity Index, and (B) in 
respect of any options contracts or future contracts on the Commodity Index, the close of trading 
on the relevant Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, either (A) where the level 
of such Commodity Index is only published once a day, the time at which the level of such 
Commodity Index for such day is calculated and published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (B) 
otherwise, the time at which the official closing level of the Commodity Index is calculated and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index and a Valuation Date, the level 
of such Commodity Index observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on 
the applicable Electronic Page.

--- Page 611 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
585 
 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, an Underlying Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the time at which the level of such Commodity Index is being 
determined during such Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(a) 
where Commodity Component Valuation is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Commodity Index, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which any of the events set out below occurs: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Commodity 
Index; 
(ii) 
a temporary or permanent failure by the relevant Exchange to announce or 
publish a relevant price for any relevant Component of such Commodity 
Index; 
(iii) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material) at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time of any suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by 
reason of movements in price exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the 
trading on any relevant Exchange of relevant Components which in aggregate 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Commodity Index;  
(iv) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material) at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time of any suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by 
reason of movements in price exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the 
trading on any Related Exchange of futures contracts or option contracts 
relating to such Commodity Index;  
(v) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material) at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time of any other event (other than an event described in sub-
paragraph (vii) or sub paragraph (viii) of this definition) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for relevant Components which in aggregate comprise 
20 per cent. or more of the level of such Commodity Index;  
(vi) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material) at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time of any other event (other than an event described in sub-
paragraph (vii) or sub paragraph (viii) of this definition) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (on any Related Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts relating 
to such Commodity Index;  
(vii) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any 
Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange in respect of relevant 
Components which in aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of 
such Commodity Index prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange at least one hour prior to 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange on 
such Exchange Business Day); or 
(viii) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any 
Exchange Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures 
contracts or option contracts relating to such Commodity Index prior to its

--- Page 612 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
586 
 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session on such Related Exchange on such Exchange 
Business Day); or 
(b) 
where Commodity Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a Commodity Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which any 
of the events set out below occurs: 
(x) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such 
Commodity Index; or 
(y) 
such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Component of such 
Commodity Index as specified in sub-paragraphs (ii)(x), (y) or (z) 
below. 
(ii) 
in respect of a Component, any Component Trading Day on which any of the 
events set out below occurs: 
(x) 
the failure of a relevant Exchange to announce or publish the 
settlement price for such Component (or other relevant price, or 
prices from which such price is calculated); 
(y) 
the suspension of or limitation on trading in such Component on the 
relevant Exchange which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material; or 
(z) 
the closing or settlement price for such Component is a "limit price" 
which means that such closing or settlement price for such 
Component for the relevant day has increased or decreased from the 
previous day's closing or settlement price by the maximum amount 
permitted under applicable exchange rules. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
(a) 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity Index if 
Commodity Index Condition 4(a) (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms: such Commodity Index is either (i) not calculated and announced 
by or on behalf of the relevant Index Sponsor but instead is calculated and announced by or on 
behalf of a successor to such relevant Index Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (ii) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or 
a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of such 
Commodity Index (such index, the "Successor Index", which will be deemed to be such 
Commodity Index); 
(b) 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity Index if 
Commodity Index Condition 4(b) (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms: the relevant Index Sponsor imposes on the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates increased or unexpected fees and costs for the use of such Commodity Index, which 
the Calculation Agent determines are material; or 
(c) 
if "Tax Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent determines in good faith that (i) a Tax Disruption has occurred or exists; and (ii) such 
Tax Disruption is material; or 
(d) 
each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 613 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
587 
 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
The following Additional Early Termination Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity Index 
if Commodity Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Termination Events) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation 
or substitution can reasonably be made under Commodity Index Condition 6(b) (Modification 
or cancellation of a Commodity Index and Commodity Index Substitution). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
"Correction Period" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, 30 calendar days. 
(b) 
Modification or cancellation of a Commodity Index and Commodity Index Substitution 
(i) 
Commodity Index Adjustment Events 
If Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(i) (Commodity Index Adjustment Events) is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Commodity Index, 
(A) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor announces that it 
will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the level 
of such Commodity Index or in any other way materially modifies such Commodity 
Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain such 
Commodity Index in the event of changes in relevant Components and other routine 
events) (a "Commodity Index Modification"); or (B) on or prior to any Valuation 
Date, the relevant Index Sponsor at any time permanently cancels such Commodity 
Index and no Successor Index (as defined in Commodity Index Condition 4 (Additional 
Adjustment Events)) exists (a "Commodity Index Cancellation"); or (C) on or prior 
to any Valuation Date the relevant Index Sponsor or any person or entity on its behalf 
fails to calculate and announce such Commodity Index (a "Commodity Index 
Disruption", and together with a Commodity Index Modification and a Commodity 
Index Cancellation, a "Commodity Index Adjustment Event"), then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine if such Commodity Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the Securities, and if so, either: 
(A) 
calculate the relevant level of such Commodity Index at the relevant time on 
such Valuation Date using, in lieu of a published level for such Commodity 
Index, the level of such Commodity Index at the relevant time on such 
Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the formula for and the method of calculating the level of such Commodity 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of such Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event but using only those Components or other assets or 
instruments which comprised such Commodity Index immediately prior to 
the occurrence of such Commodity Index Adjustment Event (other than those 
Components which have since ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange); 
and/or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall substitute such Commodity Index as provided in 
Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(ii) (Commodity Index Substitution) and 
make such adjustments (if any) to the Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Issue Terms as it deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such 
substitution; and/or 
(C) 
make such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to 
account for the effect of such Commodity Index Adjustment Event and 
determine the effective date of each such adjustment. 
If no calculation, substitution and/or adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to 
the above, the provisions of Commodity Index Condition 5 (Additional Early 
Termination Events) shall apply.

--- Page 614 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
588 
 
(ii) 
Commodity Index Substitution 
If Commodity Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Commodity Index 
Condition 6(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity Index 
on a Disrupted Day) shall be, and any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in 
response to an Adjustment Event may include, a Commodity Index Substitution. 
"Commodity Index Substitution" means, in relation to a Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event or an Adjustment Event, the replacement of the Commodity Index 
the subject of such Commodity Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the 
case may be, with a new commodity index selected by the Calculation Agent (which 
shall be a replacement commodity index using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of the level of such Commodity Index). Such new commodity index 
shall be deemed to be a Commodity Index in place of the Commodity Index the subject 
of the Commodity Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity Index on a Disrupted Day 
(i) 
Where Commodity Component Valuation is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms if an Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity Index is 
determined on a Scheduled Trading Day which is a Disrupted Day for such Commodity 
Index in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in 
respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such Underlying Closing Level of such Commodity 
Index at the Valuation Time on such Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating the level of such Commodity Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day in respect of such Commodity Index, 
using either (i) the price traded or quoted on the relevant Exchange as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Scheduled Trading Day of each relevant Component; or (ii) 
(if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
Component on that Scheduled Trading Day) its good faith estimate of the value of the 
relevant Component as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
(ii) 
Where Commodity Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, if a Specified Valuation Date for a Commodity Index is a Disrupted Day 
for such Commodity Index, then, in order to determine the Underlying Closing Level 
of the relevant Commodity Index for such Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant Underlying Closing Level for such Valuation Date using the 
then-current method for calculating the level of such Commodity Index based on: 
(A) 
with respect to each Component which is not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the closing or settlement price of each such Component on 
such Specified Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
with respect to each Component which is affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the closing or settlement price of each such Component on 
the earlier of: (1) the first succeeding day immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date which is a Component Trading Day for the relevant 
Component and which is not a Disrupted Day for such Component; and (2) 
the Scheduled Trading Day which is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled 
Trading Days for the relevant Commodity Index immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date. 
If, by operation of the above provision, the date for valuation of the relevant 
Component would fall on a day which is a Disrupted Day for such Component, the

--- Page 615 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
589 
 
Calculation Agent shall determine the closing or settlement price of the relevant 
Component for the relevant Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the closing 
or settlement price of such Component for such day. 
If, by operation of the above provision, the date for valuation of the relevant 
Component would otherwise fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading 
Day for the relevant Commodity Index prior to the date on which a relevant payment 
is scheduled to be made under the Securities (the "Commodity Index Cut-off Date"), 
such date of valuation shall be deemed to be the Commodity Index Cut-off Date 
(notwithstanding that such date either (I) is not a Component Trading Day for such 
Component; or (II) is a Disrupted Day for such Component; or (III) is a Disrupted Day 
for the relevant Commodity Index), and the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
closing or settlement price of the relevant Component for the relevant Valuation Date 
using its good faith estimate of the closing or settlement price of such Component for 
such day. 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable 
Certificates and Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities 
which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(e) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect 
of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates shall not apply to a Specified 
Valuation Date relating to a Commodity Index except that, if a Disrupted Day occurs in respect 
of an Underlying other than a Commodity Index and "Move in Block" is specified for 
"Valuation Disruption (Disrupted Days)" in respect of the relevant Valuation Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(ii) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect 
of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(ii) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply 
thereto PROVIDED THAT if by operation of such provision the relevant Valuation Date would 
thereby fall after the relevant Commodity Index Cut-off Date, the provisions set out in the 
preceding paragraph shall apply. 
In all other cases, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities 
which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) and Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination 
of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants or 
Exercisable Certificates shall only apply in relation to Underlying(s) which are not Commodity 
Indices (if any).

--- Page 616 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
590 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Commodity" ("Commodity Linked Securities" or "Commodity Linked Warrants"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Commodities. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Abandonment of Scheme" means that, at any time before to the Maturity Date, the Scheme 
is, as a result of official written public pronouncement by the European Community, no longer 
scheduled to proceed or is to be discontinued. 
For which purpose: 
"Allowance Directive" means Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 October 2003 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance 
trading within the Community and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC, as amended by 
Directive 2004/101/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 October 2004, and 
as amended from time to time. 
"Registry Regulation" means the EU Commission Regulation adopted, or to be adopted, in 
order to establish a standardised and secured system of registries pursuant to Article 19(3) of 
Directive 2003/87/EC and Article 6(1) of Decision 280/2004/EC, as amended from time to time. 
"Scheme" means the scheme for transferring allowances (as defined in the Allowance Directive) 
established pursuant to the Allowance Directive and the Registry Regulation, and as 
implemented by the national laws of the member states from time to time. 
"Bullion Commodity" means a Commodity which is any of gold, palladium, platinum or silver. 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) of the relevant Commodity (or 
the method for determining the Relevant Price of such Commodity) for the relevant Valuation 
Date, taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant Commodity Price 
and any other information it deems relevant.  
"Cancellation" means an Additional Early Termination Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
as set out in Commodity Condition 5 (Additional Early Termination Events) and the Securities 
will be redeemed in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(i) (Early 
Termination Events) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(i) (Early Termination Events) in respect of Securities which are 
Warrants or Exercisable Certificates. 
"Commodity" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Commodity Condition" means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
"Commodity Dealers" means the four dealers specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if four 
dealers are not so specified, four leading dealers in the relevant market selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Commodity Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, the price or other unit of quotation for 
such Commodity specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Delayed Publication and Announcement" means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation 
Date, that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level or the 
Underlying Level (as relevant) of such Commodity for such Valuation Date, using the Relevant 
Price for such Valuation Date that is published or announced by the relevant Price Source 
retrospectively on any succeeding Scheduled Trading Day. The next Disruption Fallback shall 
apply if the Disruption Event continues to exist or the Relevant Price for such Valuation Date

--- Page 617 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
591 
 
continues to be unavailable for consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Valuation Roll (measured from and including the original day for which the Underlying Closing 
Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) was sought), subject as provided in Commodity 
Condition 6(b) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted 
Day).  
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of a Commodity and the relevant Commodity Price, the 
relevant date or month for delivery of such Commodity: (a) if a date is, or a month and year are, 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that date or that month and year; (b) if a Nearby Month 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the month of the expiration of the relevant Futures 
Contract; and (c) if a method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the purpose of 
determining the Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to such 
method. 
"Disappearance of Commodity Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, (a) the permanent 
discontinuation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange; (b) the 
disappearance of, or of trading in, such Commodity; (c) the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuation or unavailability of the relevant Commodity Price, notwithstanding the 
availability of the relevant Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures Contract 
or the relevant Commodity. 
"Disrupted Day" shall have the meaning given to it in Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted 
Day). 
"Disruption Event" means each of a Disappearance of Commodity Price, a Material Change in 
Content, a Material Change in Formula, a Price Source Disruption, a Tax Disruption, and a 
Trading Disruption which are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or which are 
deemed to apply as set out in Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted Day). 
"Disruption Fallback" means each of Calculation Agent Determination, Cancellation, Delayed 
Publication and Announcement, Fallback Commodity Dealers, Fallback Commodity Price, 
Postponement which are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or which are 
deemed to apply as set out in Commodity Condition 3(b) (Disruption Fallback). 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market 
specified for such Commodity in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange 
or principal trading market. 
"Fallback Commodity Dealers" means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, that 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level 
(as relevant) of such Commodity for such Valuation Date on the basis of quotations for the 
Commodity Price of such Commodity provided by Commodity Dealers on such date for 
delivery on the relevant Delivery Date (if applicable). If four quotations are provided as 
requested, then the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) of such 
Commodity for such Valuation Date will be the arithmetic mean of the prices provided by each 
Commodity Dealer, without regard to the highest price and the lowest price. If exactly three 
quotations are provided as requested, then the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying 
Level (as relevant) of such Commodity for such Valuation Date will be the price which remains 
after disregarding the highest price and the lowest price. For this purpose, if more than one 
quotation have the same value, then one such quotation will be disregarded. If fewer than three 
quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying 
Level (as relevant) of the relevant Commodity for such Valuation Date cannot be determined 
and the next Disruption Fallback shall apply, subject as provided in Commodity Condition 6(b) 
(Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted Day).  
"Fallback Commodity Price" means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, that the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as 
relevant) of the relevant Commodity for such Valuation Date using the Commodity Price 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as an alternative Commodity Price.

--- Page 618 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
592 
 
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of a Commodity and the relevant Commodity Price, the 
contract for future delivery of a contract size in respect of the Delivery Date relating to such 
Commodity specified in such Commodity Price. Where "Futures Contract" is preceded by a 
numerical adjective, such Futures Contract shall be the Futures Contract expiring in the Nearby 
Month having the same numerical adjective, so that for example (a) "First Futures Contract" 
means the Futures Contract expiring in the First Nearby Month; and (b) "Second Futures 
Contract" means the Futures Contract expiring in the Second Nearby Month. 
"Material Change in Content means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the 
Trade Date of a material change in the content, composition or constitution of such Commodity 
or the relevant Futures Contract. 
"Material Change in Formula" means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the 
Trade Date of a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant 
Commodity Price. 
"Nearby Month" means, in respect of a Delivery Date and a Valuation Date, when preceded 
by a numerical adjective, the month of expiration of a Futures Contract identified by means of 
such numerical adjective, so that for example (a) "First Nearby Month" means the month of 
expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire following such Valuation Date; and (b) 
"Second Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the second Futures Contract to 
expire following such Valuation Date. 
"Non-bullion Commodity" means a Commodity other than a Bullion Commodity. 
"Postponement" means, in respect of a Valuation Date and any Commodity to be valued on 
such Valuation Date, that such Valuation Date shall be adjusted in accordance with the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants 
or Exercisable Certificates, subject as provided in Commodity Condition 6(b) (Determination 
of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted Day). 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Commodity, the publication or other source (including 
an Exchange) containing or reporting the Relevant Price for such Commodity (or other data 
from which such Relevant Price is calculated) specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of such Commodity or any successor which shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, be the Electronic Page. 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in respect of a Commodity, (a) the failure of the relevant 
Price Source to announce or publish the Relevant Price for such Commodity (or other data from 
which such Relevant Price is calculated); (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuation or 
unavailability of the relevant Price Source; or (c) if a Relevant Price is "Fallback Commodity 
Dealers", the failure to obtain at least three quotations as requested from the relevant 
Commodity Dealers. 
"Relevant Price" means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, the price published 
or announced by or on behalf of the relevant Price Source in respect of such Valuation Date for 
the relevant Commodity Price or, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, determined in 
accordance with "Fallback Commodity Dealers". 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means (a) in respect of a Non-bullion Commodity, either (i) if the 
Commodity Price for such Commodity is a price published or announced by an Exchange, any 
day on which such Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; or (ii) if the 
Commodity Price for such Commodity is not a price published or announced by an Exchange, 
any day in respect of which the relevant Price Source is scheduled to announce or publish a 
price; and (b) in respect of a Bullion Commodity, a day on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and New York City (or as otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms).

--- Page 619 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
593 
 
"Tax Disruption" means, in respect of a Commodity, the imposition of, change in or removal 
of a Relevant Tax by any relevant government or taxing authority after the Trade Date, if the 
direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to increase or decrease the Relevant Price 
on a day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date from what it would have been without 
such imposition, change or removal. For these purposes, "Relevant Tax" means, in respect of 
a Commodity, any excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, 
recording or other similar tax on, or measured by reference to, such Commodity (other than a 
tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income). 
"Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity, the suspension of or limitation on 
(which the Calculation Agent determines is material) trading in (a) such Commodity or the 
relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange; or (b) any additional futures contract or 
options contract specified for such Commodity in the applicable Issue Terms on any exchange, 
trading system or quotation system on which any such futures contract or options contract is 
traded. For these purposes, a suspension of trading in a Commodity or the relevant Futures 
Contract shall be deemed to be material only if: (a) all such trading is suspended for the entire 
relevant Valuation Date; or (b) all such trading is suspended subsequent to the opening of 
trading on the relevant Valuation Date and does not recommence prior to the scheduled close 
of trading on the relevant Valuation Date, and such suspension is announced less than one hour 
before the start of such suspension. For these purposes, a limitation on trading in a Commodity 
or the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Valuation Date shall be deemed to be material 
only if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of such 
Commodity or Futures Contract may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of such 
Commodity or Futures Contract on such day is at the upper limit or the lower limit of such 
range. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, the 
Relevant Price of such Commodity for such Valuation Date, as displayed on or reported by the 
applicable Electronic Page.  
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, the Relevant Price 
of such Commodity observed continuously during the regular market hours on such Valuation 
Date, as displayed on or reported by the applicable Electronic Page. 
(c) 
Valuation Time 
Valuation Time shall not apply to a Commodity. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
(a) 
Disrupted Day 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Commodity on which an applicable Disruption Event occurs. 
If no Disruption Events are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the following 
Disruption Events will apply: 
(i) 
in respect of a Bullion Commodity, (A) Price Source Disruption; (B) Trading 
Disruption; (C) Disappearance of Commodity Price and (D) Tax Disruption; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Non-bullion Commodity, (A) Price Source Disruption; (B) Trading 
Disruption; (C) Disappearance of Commodity Price; (D) Material Change in Formula; 
(E) Material Change in Content and (F) Tax Disruption.

--- Page 620 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
594 
 
(b) 
Disruption Fallback 
If no Disruption Fallbacks are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then, in order to 
determine the Underlying Closing Level for a Valuation Date, the following Disruption 
Fallbacks will apply in the following order: 
first, (if an alternative Commodity Price is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Fallback 
Commodity Price; 
second, Delayed Publication and Announcement and Postponement (each to operate 
concurrently with the other) PROVIDED THAT the price determined by Postponement shall be 
the Relevant Price only if "Delayed Publication and Announcement" does not yield a Relevant 
Price within the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days;  
third, Calculation Agent Determination; and 
fourth, Cancellation. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
No Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity. 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
The following Additional Early Termination Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity if 
Commodity Condition 5 (Additional Early Termination Events) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms:  
(i) 
the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event on a Valuation Date and the failure 
or deemed failure of the applicable Disruption Fallbacks to provide a Relevant Price; 
and 
(ii) 
each Additional Early Termination Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
"Correction Period" means, in respect of a Commodity, 30 calendar days. 
(b) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted Day 
If a day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Commodity, 
then, in order to determine the Underlying Closing Level for such Valuation Date, the Relevant 
Price of such Commodity for such Valuation Date shall be determined in accordance with the 
first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) which provides the 
Relevant Price of such Commodity for such Valuation Date or, if no such Relevant Price can be 
so determined, Cancellation shall apply. 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants 
or Exercisable Certificates shall only apply in relation to a Commodity where Postponement is 
the applicable Disruption Fallback. Where the applicable Disruption Fallback is a Disruption 
Fallback other than Postponement, the relevant Specified Valuation Date shall not be adjusted 
in relation to a Commodity, the Disruption Fallback provisions set out below shall apply thereto 
and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants

--- Page 621 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
595 
 
or Exercisable Certificates shall only apply in relation to Underlying(s) which are not 
Commodities (if any). 
If an Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity is to be determined on a day which is a 
Disrupted Day or is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Commodity in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable 
Certificates, then the next applicable Disruption Fallback will apply.

--- Page 622 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
596 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Share" ("Share Linked Securities" or "Share Linked Warrants"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Shares. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) any of Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss 
of Stock Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) if Additional 
Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are specified as applicable for 
a Share in the applicable Issue Terms, any of China Connect Share Disqualification or China 
Connect Service Termination, in either case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"China Connect Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the China 
Connect Service is open for order routing during its regular order routing sessions, 
notwithstanding the China Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"China Connect Disruption" means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of 
orders (including in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) 
through the China Connect Service, relating to the relevant Share on the relevant Exchange or 
(ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) the ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in 
respect of Shares through the China Connect Service. 
"China Connect Early Closure" means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the 
China Connect Service prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (i) the actual closing time for order routing through the China Connect Service on such China 
Connect Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China 
Connect Service system for execution on the relevant Exchange at the Valuation Time on such 
China Connect Business Day. 
"China Connect Service" means the securities trading and clearing links programme developed 
by the relevant Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its 
affiliates provides order routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded 
on the relevant Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, settlement, depository 
and other services in relation to such securities. 
"China Connect Share Disqualification" means, if Additional Provisions for Shares traded 
through the China Connect Service are specified as applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue 
Terms, on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Shares cease to be accepted as "China Connect 
Securities" (as defined in the rules of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect Service. 
"China Connect Service Termination" means, if Additional Provisions for Shares traded 
through the China Connect Service are specified as applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue 
Terms, on or after the Trade Date, the announcement by one or more of the relevant Exchange, 
SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a 
suspension or termination of the China Connect Service or a part thereof for any reason which 
materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the relevant Shares through 
the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable 
likelihood that such suspension or termination is not, or will not be, temporary. 
"CSDCC" means China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation. 
"Component Share" means, in respect of any Share which is a Stapled Share, each share 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Component Share Company" means, in respect of a Component Share, the issuer of such 
Component Share, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 623 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
597 
 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
in respect of such Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Share 
has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Share (i) on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Share is open for trading 
during its respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) if Additional Provisions for 
Shares traded through the China Connect Service are specified as applicable for a Share in the 
applicable Issue Terms, which is a China Connect Business Day. 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means, in respect of a Share, a dividend or a distribution or portion 
thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend relating 
to such Share. 
"HKSCC" means the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited. 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic 
of China. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means, in respect of a Share, that any Hedging Party would 
incur a rate to borrow such Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the rate that any Hedging Party would 
have incurred to borrow such Share as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means, in respect of a Share, that any Hedging Party is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) such Share at 
a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the lowest rate that any Hedging 
Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow such Share 
as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
"QFII" and "RQFII", means Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor and Renminbi Qualified 
Foreign Institutional Investor, respectively, defined in the Measures on the Administration of 
Domestic Securities Investments by Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors and Renminbi 
Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors, as may be amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
"Reference Index" means, in respect of a Share which is the subject of a Share Substitution, an 
index selected by the Calculation Agent (a) in respect of which such Share is, or has been at 
some time during the immediately preceding six months, a component; and (b) in respect of 
which (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) futures contracts are actively traded. If more 
than one index satisfies the criteria specified in (a) and (b) above, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine which of such indices shall be the Reference Index. If no index satisfies the 
criteria specified in (a) and (b) above, then the Calculation Agent shall select the Reference 
Index by reference to such criteria it deems appropriate. 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to such Share has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED 
THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such 
futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). Where "All

--- Page 624 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
598 
 
Exchanges" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Related Exchange in 
respect of a Share, then "Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for 
futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Share, a Scheduled Trading Day and an 
Exchange or a Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Share or, where Additional Provisions 
for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are specified as applicable for a Share in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the China Connect Service, the scheduled weekday closing time on 
such Exchange, Related Exchange or China Connect Service, as the case may be on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard (in the case of any Exchange or Related Exchange) to 
after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session on such 
Exchange or Related Exchange or (in the case of the China Connect Service) any after hours or 
any other order routing outside the regular order routing session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which (i) each Exchange 
and each Related Exchange in respect of such Share is scheduled to be open for trading for its 
respective regular trading session and (ii) if Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the 
China Connect Service are specified as applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
China Connect Service is scheduled to be open for order routing for its regular order routing 
sessions and (iii) if Terms of Long/Short Warrants is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, which is a London Business Day. 
"SEHK" means The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
"Share" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Share Company" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Share Condition" means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
"Stapled Share" means each Share in respect of which Stapled Share is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date, the official 
closing price of such Share on such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable Electronic 
Page. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Share, an Underlying Closing Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time 
shall be such actual closing time. 
In the case of a Share the relevant Exchange of which is in the Republic of Italy, such closing 
price shall be the "Prezzo di Referimento". 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date, the price of such Share 
observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable Electronic 
Page. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Share, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Share, the time at which the price of such Share is being determined during such 
Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 625 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
599 
 
(c) 
Dividend Adjusted Performance 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dividend Adjusted Performance" to be applicable 
in respect of a Share which is an Interest Underlying(s), Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying(s) and/or Redemption Underlying(s), the definition of "Underlying Closing Level" 
in respect of such Share where it is an Interest Underlying(s), Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying(s) and/or Redemption Underlying(s) (as applicable) shall be deemed to be as 
follows: 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
where such day (t) is the Start Date (where t = 0), the Underlying Closing Level shall 
be the Price on the Start Date or the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, PROVIDED THAT if no amount is specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Underlying Closing Level shall be the Price on the Start Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of any day (t) falling after the Start Date, an amount calculated for such day 
in accordance with the following formula: 
 
UCLt = 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (UCLt−1 ×
Pricet×AFt
Pricet−1×AFt−1) −(TDt ×
act(t−1,t)
365
)] 
Where: 
"act(t-1,t)" means, in respect of a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading Day 
(t), the number of calendar days falling in the period commencing from, and including, 
the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day and ending on, but excluding, such 
Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
"Adjustment Factor" means, in respect of a Share and: 
(a) 
the Start Date, one; and  
(b) 
any Scheduled Trading Day (t) falling thereafter, the amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent for such day in accordance with the following formula: 
AFt = ∏Price(ex)t + RDt
Price(ex)t
t
t=0
 
Where: 
"Actual Ex-Dividend Date" means, in respect of a Share and a Real 
Dividend, the first date on which the Share trades on the relevant Exchange 
without the right to receive such Real Dividend, as specified for such Share 
on the relevant Dividend Screen Page. 
"Applicable Percentage" means, in respect of a Share, the percentage (which 
may be 100 per cent. but which shall not be less than zero or more than 100 
per cent.) specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no percentage is 
specified or the Applicable Percentage is specified to be not applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, zero. 
"Dividend Screen Page" means, in respect of a Share, the display page, other 
published source, information vendor or provider specified for such Share in 
the applicable Issue Terms or any successor display page, other published 
source, information vendor or provider determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Net Dividend" means, in respect of a Share and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, a gross cash dividend in respect of such Share (other than 
any extraordinary or special dividend and prior to deduction of any applicable

--- Page 626 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
600 
 
taxes, charges or expenses) that would be received by a holder of record of 
such Share, multiplied by the relevant Applicable Percentage of such cash 
dividend. 
"Price(ex)t" means, in respect of a Share and an Actual Ex-Dividend Date in 
respect of such Share or a day (t), the Price of such Share on the first 
Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day corresponding to such 
Actual Ex-Dividend Date or such day (t), as applicable. 
"RDt" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day (t), (i) if such Scheduled 
Trading Day (t) is an Actual Ex-Dividend Date, the Real Dividend for such 
day, or (ii) otherwise, zero. 
"Real Dividend" or "RD" means, in respect of a Share and an Actual Ex-
Dividend Date for such Share, the Net Dividend declared in respect of such 
Share in respect of such Actual Ex-Dividend Date, as specified on the 
Dividend Screen Page. If a Real Dividend is payable in a currency (the "Real 
Dividend Currency") other than the currency in which such Share is quoted 
on the relevant Exchange (the "Underlying Share Currency"), then the 
amount of the Real Dividend shall be converted into the relevant Underlying 
Share Currency using the prevailing spot rate of exchange of the Real 
Dividend Currency for the Underlying Share Currency, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Start Date" means, in respect of a Share, the Interest Strike Date, and/or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date and/or Redemption Strike Date in 
each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms or as otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"AFt" means, in respect of a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading Day (t), the 
Adjustment Factor in respect of Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
"AFt-1" means, in respect of a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading Day (t), 
the Adjustment Factor in respect of the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
"UCLt" means, in respect of a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading Day (t), 
the Underlying Closing Level in respect of Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
"UCLt-1" means the Underlying Closing Level in respect of the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
"Price" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant day, the official closing price of 
such Share on such day, as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page. 
"Pricet" means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled 
Trading Day (t), the Price of such Share in respect of Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
"Pricet-1" means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled 
Trading Day (t), the Price of such Share in respect of the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (t)" means, in respect of a Share, a particular day (t) which 
is a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Share. 
"Target Dividend" means in respect of a Share, the amount specified for such Share 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"TDt" means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading 
Day (t), the Target Dividend in respect of the Share and Scheduled Trading Day (t).

--- Page 627 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
601 
 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Share on 
which any of the events set out below occurs: 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are 
specified as applicable for a Share in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the China 
Connect Service fails to open for order routing during its regular order routing session; 
or 
(c) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange; or 
(d) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related Exchange of futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to such Share; or 
(e) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for such Share; or 
(f) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (g) or sub-paragraph (i) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Share; or 
(g) 
where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are 
specified as applicable for a Share in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the occurrence 
or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time of a China Connect Disruption; 
or 
(h) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of orders to be entered 
into such Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day); or 
(i) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Share prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing 
time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Related Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of orders to be entered 
into such Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day); or

--- Page 628 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
602 
 
(j) 
where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are 
specified as applicable for a Share in the applicable Pricing Supplement, a China Connect 
Early Closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Share and the relevant 
Share Company (as relevant): (i) a Corporate Action, a Delisting, a De-stapling Event, an 
Insolvency, a Merger Event, a Nationalisation, a Tender Offer and a Component Share 
Additional Adjustment Event (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in relation 
to Share Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
"Corporate Action" means: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares, unless resulting in a 
Merger Event; or 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Shares of (A) an 
additional amount of such Shares; or (B) other share capital or securities granting the 
right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant 
Share Company equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such 
Shares; or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the relevant Share Company as a result of a spin-off or other 
similar transaction; or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other 
assets, in any case for payment (whether in cash or otherwise) at less than their 
prevailing market price, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a call by a Share Company in respect of relevant Shares which are not fully paid; or 
(vi) 
a repurchase by a Share Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares, whether 
out of profits or capital, and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; or 
(vii) 
in respect of a Share Company, an event which results in any shareholder rights being 
diluted or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of such Share Company, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or 
arrangement directed against hostile takeovers which provides (upon the occurrence of 
certain events) for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock 
rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(PROVIDED THAT any adjustment effected as a result of such an event may, in the 
discretion of the Calculation Agent, be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights); 
or 
(viii) 
any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(b) 
Delisting 
"Delisting" means, in respect of relevant Shares, that the relevant Exchange announces that, 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on such Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) 
and are not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is located

--- Page 629 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
603 
 
within the European Union, in any Member State) or another exchange or quotation system (that 
is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent) located in another country (that is deemed 
acceptable by the Calculation Agent). 
(c) 
Insolvency 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Share Company, that either (i) by reason of the voluntary 
or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any 
analogous proceeding affecting such Share Company, (A) all the Shares of such Share Company 
are required to be transferred to an Insolvency Officer; or (B) holders of Shares of such Share 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring such Shares; or (ii) an Insolvency Event 
occurs in respect of such Share Company. 
"Insolvency Officer" means, an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
"Insolvency Event" means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; (v) has 
a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) such entity causes or is subject to any event which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) 
to (vi) above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a 
regulator, supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or 
in the jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(d) 
Merger Event 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Shares which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares outstanding to another entity or person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Share 
Company with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange in which such Share Company is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares 
of the relevant Share Company, which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than those Shares owned or controlled 
by such other entity or person); or

--- Page 630 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
604 
 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Share 
Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Share Company 
is the continuing entity and which does not result in the reclassification or change of 
all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than those 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately 
following such event, 
in each case if the "Merger Date" is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date in respect of the Securities or (B) in the case of Physical Delivery 
Securities, the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable). For these purposes, Merger 
Date means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Nationalisation 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Share Company, that all the Shares or all the assets or 
substantially all the assets of such Share Company are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
(f) 
Tender Offer 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Share Company, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or 
person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of 
such Share Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based on the making of filings 
with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant. 
(g) 
De-stapling Event 
"De-stapling Event" means, in respect of any Share which is a Stapled Share, the Component 
Shares are, or are deemed to be, no longer trading as a single stapled security on the relevant 
Exchange. 
(h) 
Component Share Additional Adjustment Event 
"Component Share Additional Adjustment Event" means, in respect of any Share which is a 
Stapled Share, the following event(s) in respect of a Component Share thereof and the relevant 
Component Share Company (as relevant): a Corporate Action, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, 
a Nationalisation and a Tender Offer (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in 
relation to Share Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms). For such purposes, each reference to a Share or Shares or (as the case 
may be) Share Company in the definitions of Corporate Action, Insolvency, Merger Event, 
Nationalisation, Tender Offer, Extraordinary Dividend and related definitions and terms shall 
be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Component Share or Component Shares or (as the 
case may be) the relevant Component Share Company. 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
No Additional Early Termination Event shall apply in respect of a Share. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
"Correction Period" means, in respect of a Share, two Business Days.

--- Page 631 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
605 
 
(b) 
Share Substitution 
If Share Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any adjustment 
made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a Share 
Substitution. 
"Share Substitution" means 
(i) 
in relation to an Adjustment Event and a Share (other than a Stapled Share), the 
replacement of a Share the subject of such Adjustment Event with a new share selected 
by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a share contained in the Reference Index or 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the 
General Conditions or the applicable Pricing Supplement). Such new share shall be 
deemed to be a Share in place of the Share the subject of the Adjustment Event; or 
(ii) 
in relation to an Adjustment Event and a Share which is a Stapled Share or a 
Component Share of a Stapled Share, the replacement of such Share and/or any or each 
Component Share of such Share (regardless of whether such Share or Component 
Share is the subject of such Adjustment Event) with a new share or new shares selected 
by the Calculation Agent (which (in respect of a Share) shall be a share contained in 
the Reference Index or selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other 
criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement (regardless of whether such new 
share is a Stapled Share) or which (in respect of a Component Share) shall be a share 
selected by the Calculation Agent (regardless of whether such share is contained in the 
Reference Index)). Such new share shall be deemed to be a Share in place of the 
relevant Share or, as the case may be, a Component Share in place of the relevant 
Component Share. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Share on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities 
which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates shall apply. 
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day because one or more relevant Related Exchanges is not 
scheduled to be open; or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for a Share solely because any relevant Related Exchange fails to 
open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day either (A) to be the 
relevant Valuation Date in respect of a Share, notwithstanding that such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Share because one or more such Related Exchanges is not scheduled to 
be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a Disrupted Day solely 
because any such Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (A) 
any Underlying Closing Level or any Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected Share; (B) 
any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant Related Exchange; and 
(C) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 632 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
606 
 
(e) 
Adjustments following an Adjustment Event 
Where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are specified 
as applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of any adjustment made by 
the Calculation Agent with respect to an Adjustment Event pursuant to Valuation to Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Adjustment Events) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(h) (Adjustment Events) in respect of 
Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates, in each case, relating to the relevant 
Shares, the Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine necessary or appropriate 
adjustment(s) by reference to any requirement, adjustment and/or limitation that may be 
imposed by the China Connect Service or any action or inaction by any one or more of the 
Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such Adjustment Event in respect of 
Shares held through the China Connect Service. 
(f) 
Hedging Disruption 
Where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are specified 
as applicable for a Share in the applicable Pricing Supplement, for the purposes of the definition 
of Hedging Disruption in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(m) (Definitions) in respect of 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(m) 
(Definitions) in respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates: 
(i) 
a Hedging Disruption includes (without limitation) any inability to hedge by the 
Hedging Party or its Affiliates as a result of compliance with any foreign ownership 
restrictions imposed by the issuer of any Share, any exchange or any court, tribunal, 
government or regulatory authority in the PRC or Hong Kong; and 
(ii) 
"using commercially reasonable efforts" to hedge the risks with respect to the 
Securities referred to in the definition of Hedging Disruption does not include the use 
of any quota granted to such Hedging Party or its Affiliates under the Qualified Foreign 
Institutional Investor (QFII) or Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor 
(RQFII) schemes.

--- Page 633 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
607 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Depositary Receipt" ("Depositary Receipt Linked Securities" or "Depositary Receipt Linked 
Warrants"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Depositary Receipts. 
1. 
Definitions 
(a) 
Definitions applicable to the Depositary Receipts 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Deposit Agreement" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the agreement(s) or other 
instrument(s) constituting such Depositary Receipt, as from time to time amended or 
supplemented in accordance with their terms. 
"Depositary" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the issuer of such Depositary Receipt. 
"Depositary Receipt" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Depositary Receipt Condition" means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
"Depositary Receipt Exchange" means in respect of a Depositary Receipt, each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such in respect of such Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue 
Terms or any successor to such exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in such Depositary Receipt has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Depositary Receipt on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
"Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day" means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt on which each Depositary Receipt 
Exchange and each Depositary Receipt Related Exchange for such Depositary Receipt are open 
for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding such Depositary 
Receipt Exchange or Depositary Receipt Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
"Depositary Receipt Related Exchange" means in respect of a Depositary Receipt, each 
exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Depositary Receipt in the applicable 
Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such 
Depositary Receipt has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). Where "All Exchanges" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Depositary Receipt Related Exchange 
in respect of a Depositary Receipt, then Depositary Receipt Related Exchange means each 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures contracts or options contracts relating to 
such Depositary Receipt. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, that any Hedging 
Party would incur a rate to borrow such Depositary Receipt that is greater than the Initial Stock 
Loan Rate. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the rate that any Hedging 
Party would have incurred to borrow such Depositary Receipt as of the Trade Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 634 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
608 
 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, that any Hedging Party is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) 
such Depositary Receipt at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the lowest rate that 
any Hedging Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow 
such Depositary Receipt as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Definitions applicable to the relevant Underlying Shares in respect of which the Depositary 
Receipts are issued 
"Underlying Share" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the underlying share(s) or other 
securities in respect of which such Depositary Receipt is issued. 
"Underlying Share Company" means, in respect of an Underlying Share, the issuer of such 
Underlying Share, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Share Exchange" means in respect of an Underlying Share, each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such in respect of such Underlying Share in the applicable Issue 
Terms or any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in such Underlying Share has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Underlying Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
"Underlying Share Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of an Underlying Share and 
where "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to the related Depositary Receipt 
in the applicable Issue Terms, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt on which 
each Underlying Share Exchange and each Underlying Share Related Exchange for such 
Underlying Share, are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Underlying Share Exchange or Underlying Share Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Underlying Share Related Exchange" means in respect of an Underlying Share, each 
exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Underlying Share in the applicable 
Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such 
Underlying Share has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Underlying Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original exchange or quotation system). Where "All Exchanges" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Underlying Share Related Exchange in respect 
of an Underlying Share, then "Underlying Share Related Exchange" means each exchange or 
quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
on the overall market for futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Underlying 
Share. 
(c) 
Definitions applicable to both the Depositary Receipts and the Underlying Shares in respect of 
which the Depositary Receipts are issued 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt or an Underlying Share, 
a dividend or a distribution or a portion thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent 
to be an extraordinary dividend relating to such Depositary Receipt or Underlying Share (as 
relevant). 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Depositary Receipt, a Scheduled Trading Day and a Depositary Receipt 
Exchange or a Depositary Receipt Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Depositary 
Receipt, the scheduled weekday closing time on such Depositary Receipt Exchange or 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard 
to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading

--- Page 635 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
609 
 
session on such Depositary Receipt Exchange or Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchange; and 
(ii) 
in respect of an Underlying Share, a Scheduled Trading Day and an Underlying Share 
Exchange or an Underlying Share Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Underlying 
Share, the scheduled weekday closing time on such Underlying Share Exchange or 
Underlying Share Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard 
to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading 
session on such Underlying Share Exchange or Underlying Share Related Exchange. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, any day on which each 
Depositary Receipt Exchange and each Depositary Receipt Related Exchange in respect of such 
Depositary Receipt and, where "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to such 
Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue Terms, each Underlying Share Exchange and each 
Underlying Share Related Exchange in respect of the relevant Underlying Share is scheduled to 
be open for trading for its respective regular trading session and, if Terms of Long/Short 
Warrants is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, is a London Business Day. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and a Valuation Date, 
the official closing price of such Depositary Receipt on such Valuation Date, as displayed on 
the applicable Electronic Page. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an Underlying Closing Level and 
a Scheduled Trading Day for such Depository Receipt, the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and a Valuation Date, the price 
of such Depositary Receipt observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on 
the applicable Electronic Page. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an Underlying Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt, the time at which the price of such 
Depositary Receipt is being determined during such Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
If "Full Lookthrough" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then sub-paragraph (a) to sub 
paragraph (n) below (inclusive) shall apply. 
If "Partial Lookthrough" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then sub-paragraph (a) to sub 
paragraph (g) below (inclusive) only shall apply. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, any Scheduled Trading Day for 
such Depositary Receipt on which any of the applicable events set out below occurs. 
In respect of such Depositary Receipt 
(a) 
any relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange or any relevant Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Depositary 
Receipt Exchange of the Depositary Receipt; or

--- Page 636 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
610 
 
(c) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Depositary 
Receipt Related Exchange of futures contracts or options contracts relating to such 
Depositary Receipt; or 
(d) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of 
this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of market participants in general (on any relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange) 
to effect transactions in or to obtain market values for such Depositary Receipt; or 
(e) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of 
this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of market participants in general (on any relevant Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchange) to effect transactions in or to obtain markets values for any futures contracts 
or options contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt; or 
(f) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Depositary 
Receipt Exchange Business Day of any relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Depositary Receipt Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Depositary Receipt Exchange on 
such Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the 
submission of orders to be entered into such Depositary Receipt Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Depositary Receipt Exchange 
Business Day); or 
(g) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Depositary 
Receipt Exchange Business Day of any Depositary Receipt Related Exchange in 
respect of futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Depositary Receipt Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Depositary Receipt 
Related Exchange on such Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day; and (B) the 
deadline for the submission of orders to be entered into such Depositary Receipt 
Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day); 
In respect of the relevant Underlying Shares in respect of such Depositary Receipt 
(h) 
any relevant Underlying Share Exchange or any relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Underlying 
Share Exchange of the Underlying Share; or 
(j) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Underlying 
Share Related Exchange of futures contracts or options contracts relating to such 
Underlying Share; or

--- Page 637 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
611 
 
(k) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (m) or sub-paragraph (n) 
of this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
the ability of market participants in general (on any relevant Underlying Share 
Exchange) to effect transactions in or to obtain market values for such Underlying 
Share; or 
(l) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (m) or sub-paragraph (n) 
of this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
the ability of market participants in general (on any relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchange) to effect transactions in or to obtain markets values for any futures contracts 
or options contracts relating to such Underlying Share; or 
(m) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Underlying 
Share Exchange Business Day of any relevant Underlying Share Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Underlying Share Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Underlying Share Exchange on 
such Underlying Share Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the 
submission of orders to be entered into such Underlying Share Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Underlying Share Exchange Business 
Day); or 
(n) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Underlying 
Share Exchange Business Day of any Underlying Share Related Exchange in respect 
of futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Underlying Share prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Underlying Share Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Underlying Share Related 
Exchange on such Underlying Share Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for 
the submission of orders to be entered into such Underlying Share Related Exchange 
system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Underlying Share 
Exchange Business Day). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the 
relevant Depositary, the related Underlying Share and the relevant Underlying Share Company 
(as relevant): (i) a Corporate Action, a Delisting, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, a 
Nationalisation, a Tender Offer and an Underlying Share Event (but in each case only if the 
relevant event is specified in relation to Depositary Receipt Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment 
Events) as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption 
Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
"Corporate Action" means: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or 
Underlying Shares, unless resulting in a Merger Event; or 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying 
Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Depositary Receipts 
and/or Underlying Shares of (A) an additional amount of such Depositary Receipts 
and/or such Underlying Shares; or (B) other share capital or securities granting the 
right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant

--- Page 638 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
612 
 
Depositary or Underlying Share Company (as relevant) equally or proportionately with 
such payments to holders of such Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares (as 
relevant); or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the relevant Depositary or Underlying Share Company as a 
result of a spin-off or other similar transaction; or (D) any other type of securities, 
rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (whether in cash or 
otherwise) at less than their prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a call by a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company in respect of relevant 
Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant), in each case, which are 
not fully paid; or 
(vi) 
a repurchase by a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company or any of its 
subsidiaries of relevant Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares (as relevant), in each 
case, whether out of profits or capital, and whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; or 
(vii) 
in respect of a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, an event which results in 
any shareholder rights being diluted or becoming separated from shares of common 
stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Depositary or such Underlying Share 
Company, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers which provides (upon the occurrence of certain events) for a distribution of 
preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market 
value as determined by the Calculation Agent (PROVIDED THAT any adjustment 
effected as a result of such an event may, in the discretion of the Calculation Agent, be 
readjusted upon any redemption of such rights); or 
(viii) 
any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Depositary Receipts and/or 
Underlying Shares; or 
(ix) 
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of a relevant Deposit 
Agreement; or 
(x) 
a distribution in respect of relevant Underlying Shares to the holders of such 
Underlying Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights relating to such 
Underlying Shares. 
(b) 
Delisting 
"Delisting" means: 
(i) 
where "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to a Depositary Receipt 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or 
Underlying Shares, that the relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or the relevant 
Underlying Share Exchange announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Depositary 
Receipt Exchange and/or such Underlying Share Exchange, such Depositary Receipts 
and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such Underlying Share 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and are not (or 
will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation 
system located in the same country as such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such 
Underlying Share Exchange (or, where such Depositary Receipt Exchange or such 
Underlying Share Exchange is located within the European Union, in any Member 
State) or another exchange or quotation system (that is deemed acceptable by the 
Calculation Agent) located in another country (that is deemed acceptable by the 
Calculation Agent); or

--- Page 639 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
613 
 
(ii) 
where "Partial Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to a Depositary 
Receipt in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of relevant Depositary Receipts 
and/or, where an Underlying Share Exchange is specified in respect of an Underlying 
Share in the applicable Issue Terms, such Underlying Shares, that the relevant 
Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or the relevant Underlying Share Exchange 
announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such 
Underlying Share Exchange, such Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares (as 
relevant) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on such Depositary 
Receipt Exchange and/or such Underlying Share Exchange for any reason (other than 
a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and (A) such Depositary Receipt is not (or will not 
be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as such Depositary Receipt Exchange (or, where such 
Depositary Receipt Exchange is located within the European Union, in any Member 
State) or another exchange or quotation system (that is deemed acceptable by the 
Calculation Agent) located in another country (that is deemed acceptable by the 
Calculation Agent); or (B) such Underlying Share is not (or will not be) immediately 
re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system regardless of the 
location of such exchange or quotation system. 
(c) 
Insolvency 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, that either 
(i) by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
winding up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the relevant Depositary or Underlying 
Share Company (as relevant), (A) all the Depositary Receipts of such Depositary and/or all the 
Underlying Shares of such Underlying Share Company are required to be transferred to an 
Insolvency Officer; or (B) holders of such Depositary Receipts or such Underlying Shares 
become legally prohibited from transferring such Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares (as 
relevant); or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of such Depositary or such Underlying 
Share Company. 
"Insolvency Officer" means an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
"Insolvency Event" means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer of all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) causes or is subject to any event which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) to (vi) 
above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a regulator, 
supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or in the 
jurisdiction of its head office or home office.

--- Page 640 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
614 
 
(d) 
Merger Event 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or any Underlying 
Shares, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares which 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Depositary 
Receipts and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant) outstanding to another entity or 
person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Depositary or the relevant Underlying Share Company with or into another entity 
(other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which 
such Depositary and/or Underlying Share Company is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Depositary Receipts or all 
such Underlying Shares (as relevant) outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares, which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Depositary Receipts or such Underlying 
Shares (other than those Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Depositary or its subsidiaries or the relevant Underlying Share Company or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Depositary or such Underlying 
Share Company (as relevant) is the continuing entity and which does not result in the 
reclassification or change of all such Depositary Receipts and/or all such Underlying 
Shares (as relevant) outstanding but results in the outstanding Depositary Receipts or 
Underlying Shares (as relevant) (other than those Depositary Receipts or Underlying 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Depositary Receipts 
or Underlying Shares (as relevant) immediately following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date or (B) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Maturity 
Date or Settlement Date (as applicable). For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing 
date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law 
applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Nationalisation 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such Depositary and/or such Underlying Share Company 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(f) 
Tender Offer 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Depositary and/or an Underlying Share Company, a 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the 
right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per 
cent. of the outstanding voting shares of such Depositary or such Underlying Share Company 
(as relevant), as determined by the Calculation Agent, based on the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant.

--- Page 641 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
615 
 
(g) 
Underlying Share Event 
"Underlying Share Event" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, (i) written instructions 
are given at any time by the relevant Underlying Share Company to the relevant Depositary to 
withdraw or surrender the Underlying Shares; or (ii) the relevant Deposit Agreement is at any 
time terminated. 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
No Additional Early Termination Event shall apply in respect of a Depositary Receipt. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Depositary Receipt Substitution 
If Depositary Receipt Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a 
Depositary Receipt Substitution. 
"Depositary Receipt Substitution" means, in relation to an Adjustment Event, the replacement 
of a Depositary Receipt (the "Affected Depositary Receipt") and/or an Underlying Share (the 
Affected Underlying Share) the subject of such Adjustment Event with a new depositary receipt 
selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a depositary receipt with the Same Underlying 
Share and Currency or selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria 
specified in the General Conditions or the applicable Pricing Supplement) and/or share selected 
by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a share contained in the Reference Index or selected 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) (the "Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria"). Such new depositary receipt 
shall be deemed to be a Depositary Receipt in place of the Affected Depositary Receipt and/or 
such new share shall be deemed to be an Underlying Share in place of the Affected Underlying 
Share. 
"Same Underlying Share and Currency" shall mean, in respect of an Affected Depositary 
Receipt, a depositary receipt issued in respect of the same existing Underlying Share as the 
Affected Depositary Receipt and denominated in the same currency as the Affected Depositary 
Receipt. If no such replacement depositary receipt is selected or available, then the relevant 
Underlying Share shall be substituted in accordance with the Depositary Receipt Substitution 
Criteria for an Affected Underlying Share and the replacement depositary receipt shall be a 
depositary receipt issued in respect of such replacement Underlying Share. 
"Reference Index" shall mean, in respect of an Affected Underlying Share, the index (a) of 
which such Affected Underlying Share is a component or of which it has been a component at 
any time during the six months immediately preceding the relevant substitution; and (b) over 
which futures contracts are actively traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. If more 
than one index satisfies the criteria in (a) and (b) above, or if no index satisfies the criteria in (a) 
and (b) above, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Index for such Affected 
Underlying Share by reference to such criteria as it deems appropriate. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Depositary Receipt on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities 
which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates shall apply.

--- Page 642 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
616 
 
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day because one or more relevant Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchanges and/or, if "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, one or more relevant Underlying Share Related Exchanges is/are not 
scheduled to be open; and/or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for the relevant Depositary Receipt solely because any relevant 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange and/or, if "Full Lookthrough" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, one or more relevant Underlying Share 
Related Exchanges fails to open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day either (A) to be the 
relevant Valuation Date in respect of a Depositary Receipt, notwithstanding that such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt because one or more relevant Depositary 
Receipt Related Exchanges and/or Underlying Share Related Exchanges is/are not scheduled to 
be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a Disrupted Day solely 
because any relevant Depositary Receipt Related Exchange and/or any relevant Underlying 
Share Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (I) 
any Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected Depositary 
Receipt; (II) any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange and/or any such relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchange; or (III) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities. 
(e) 
Manner in which an adjustment may be made in response to an Adjustment Event 
The adjustment(s) made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may (but 
need not) be determined by reference to any adjustment in respect of such Adjustment Event 
made by the relevant Depositary under the relevant Deposit Agreement.

--- Page 643 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
617 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"ETF Share" ("ETF Linked Securities" or "ETF Linked Warrants"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to ETF Shares. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"ETF Share" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such in respect of such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in such ETF Share has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF Share on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for 
such ETF Share on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such ETF Share is 
open for trading during its respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a dividend or a distribution or 
a portion thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend 
relating to such ETF Share. 
"Fund" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the issuer of such ETF Share, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Fund Administrator" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the fund 
administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such Fund in respect of such ETF Share according to the Fund Documents 
of such Fund and such ETF Share. 
"Fund Adviser" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any person appointed 
in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser 
(including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to 
another non-discretionary investment adviser) to such Fund in respect of such ETF Share, or 
any successor. 
"Fund Documents" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the constitutive 
and governing documents of such Fund in respect of such ETF Share, and the subscription 
agreements and other agreements, in each case, relating to such ETF Shares and as amended 
from time to time. 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any person 
who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for such Fund in respect of such 
ETF Share, whether or not specified in the relevant Fund Documents or any successor, including 
without limitation any Fund Administrator, Fund Adviser, operator, management company, 
depositary, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer 
agent or domiciliary agent. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means, in respect of an ETF Share, that any Hedging Party 
would incur a rate to borrow such ETF Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 644 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
618 
 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the rate that any Hedging Party 
would have incurred to borrow such ETF Share as of the Trade Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means, in respect of an ETF Share, that any Hedging Party is unable, 
after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) such ETF 
Share at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a ETF Share, the lowest rate that any 
Hedging Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow such 
ETF Share as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such ETF Share has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such futures contracts or options contracts relating to such ETF Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation 
system). Where "All Exchanges" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable 
Related Exchange in respect of an ETF Share, then Related Exchange means each exchange or 
quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
on the overall market for futures contracts or option contracts relating to such ETF Share. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day and 
an Exchange or a Related Exchange (as relevant) for such ETF Share, the scheduled weekday 
closing time on such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without 
regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session 
on such Exchange or Related Exchange. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any day on which (i) each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of such ETF Share is scheduled to be open for 
trading for its respective regular trading session and (ii) if Terms of Long/Short Warrants is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, is a London Business Day. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of an ETF Share and a Valuation Date, the 
official closing price of such ETF Share on such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable 
Electronic Page. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of an ETF Share and a Valuation Date, the price of such 
ETF Share observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable 
Electronic Page. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the time at which the price of such ETF Share is being determined during such 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF 
Share on which any of the events set out below occurs:

--- Page 645 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
619 
 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange of 
the ETF Share; or 
(c) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related 
Exchange of futures contracts or options contracts relating to such ETF Share; or 
(d) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of 
this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for such ETF Share; or 
(e) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at 
any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of 
this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such ETF Share; or 
(f) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless 
such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange 
on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the deadline for the submission of orders to 
be entered into such Exchange for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day); or 
(g) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such ETF Share prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to 
the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Related 
Exchange on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the deadline for the submission of 
orders to be entered into such Related Exchange for execution at the relevant Valuation 
Time on such Exchange Business Day). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of an ETF Share and the 
relevant Fund: (i) a Corporate Action, a Delisting, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, a 
Nationalisation, a Tender Offer, a Fund Modification, a Strategy Breach, a Regulatory Action 
and a Cross-contamination (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in relation to 
Exchange Trade Funded (ETF) Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 646 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
620 
 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
"Corporate Action" means: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant ETF Shares, unless resulting 
in a Merger Event; or 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant ETF Shares to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant ETF Shares of (A) an 
additional amount of such ETF Shares; or (B) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant 
Fund equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such ETF Shares; or 
(C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the relevant Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction; or 
(D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (whether in cash or otherwise) at less than their prevailing market price, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a repurchase by a Fund of relevant ETF Shares, whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash or otherwise other than in respect of a redemption of ETF Shares 
initiated by an investor in such ETF Share that is consistent with the relevant Fund 
Documents; or 
(vi) 
any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETF Shares. 
(b) 
Delisting 
"Delisting" means, in respect of relevant ETF Shares, that the relevant Exchange announces 
that, pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such ETF Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on such Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a 
Tender Offer) and are not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an 
exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the 
Exchange is located within the European Union, in any Member State) or another exchange or 
quotation system (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent) located in another 
country (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent). 
(c) 
Insolvency 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Fund, that either (i) by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous 
proceeding affecting such Fund, (A) all the ETF Shares are required to be transferred to an 
Insolvency Officer; or (B) holders of such ETF Shares of such Fund become legally prohibited 
from transferring or redeeming such ETF Shares; or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect 
of such Fund or any of its Fund Service Providers. 
"Insolvency Officer" means an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
"Insolvency Event" means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or

--- Page 647 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
621 
 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or (y) the making of 
an order for its winding-up or liquidation or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) causes or is subject to any event which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) to (vi) 
above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a regulator, 
supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or in the 
jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(d) 
Merger Event 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant ETF Shares, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such ETF Shares which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares outstanding to another entity 
or person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Fund 
with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange in which such Fund is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF 
Shares of the relevant Fund, which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares (other than those ETF Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Fund 
with or into another entity in which such Fund is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in the reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but 
results in the outstanding ETF Shares (other than those ETF Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares immediately 
following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date or (B) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Maturity 
Date or Settlement Date (as applicable). For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing 
date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law 
applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Tender Offer 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Fund, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 
greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of such 
Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based on the making of filings with governmental 
or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant.

--- Page 648 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
622 
 
(f) 
Nationalisation 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Fund, that all the ETF Shares of such Fund or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise 
required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
(g) 
Fund Modification 
"Fund Modification" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any change or 
modification of the Fund Documents of such Fund in respect of such ETF Share which could 
reasonably be expected to affect (i) the value of such ETF Share; or (ii) the rights or remedies 
of any holder of any ETF Share as compared with those rights and remedies prevailing on the 
Trade Date. 
(h) 
Strategy Breach 
"Strategy Breach" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any breach or 
violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the Fund Documents of such Fund 
in respect of such ETF Share which is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, to affect: (i) the value of such ETF Share; or (ii) the rights or remedies of any holder of 
any such ETF Share as compared with those rights or remedies prevailing on the Trade Date. 
(i) 
Regulatory Action 
"Regulatory Action" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, (i) the 
cancellation, suspension, revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund or such ETF 
Share by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund or such 
ETF Share; (ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of such ETF 
Share, such Fund or its Fund Adviser which is reasonably likely, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, to have an adverse impact on the value of such ETF Share or on any investor 
in such ETF Share; or (iii) such Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or its Fund Adviser 
becomes subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, 
legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activity 
relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund, Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser. 
(j) 
Cross-contamination 
"Cross-contamination" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the occurrence 
of a cross-contamination or other failure to segregate effectively assets between different 
classes, series or sub-funds of such Fund, and such event continues, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, for the foreseeable future. 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
No Additional Early Termination Event shall apply in respect of an ETF Share. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of an ETF Share, two Business Days. 
(b) 
ETF Share Substitution 
If ETF Share Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include an 
ETF Share Substitution. 
"ETF Share Substitution" means, in relation to an Adjustment Event, the replacement of an 
ETF Share the subject of such Adjustment Event with a new exchange-traded fund share 
selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be an exchange-traded fund share which tracks

--- Page 649 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
623 
 
the Related Index or another index having the same or substantially similar formula for and 
method of calculation as the Related Index or selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with any other criteria specified in the General Conditions or the applicable Pricing Supplement 
(the "ETF Share Substitution Criteria")). Such new exchange-traded fund share shall be 
deemed to be an ETF Share in place of the ETF Share the subject of the Adjustment Event. 
For which purposes, "Related Index" means, in respect of an ETF Share, either (a) the index 
specified for such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) where no index is specified 
for such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms, an index representing a substantially similar 
industry and sector, with reference to comparable implied volatility, forward value and liquidity 
relative to the index tracked by such ETF Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
more than one index satisfies the criteria in (b) above, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Related Index for such ETF Share by reference to such criteria as it deems 
appropriate. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of an ETF Share on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities 
which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates shall apply. 
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day because one or more relevant Related Exchanges is not 
scheduled to be open; or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for an ETF Share solely because any relevant Related Exchange fails 
to open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day either (A) to be the 
relevant Valuation Date in respect of an ETF Share, notwithstanding that such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF Share because one or more such Related Exchanges is not 
scheduled to be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a Disrupted 
Day solely because any such Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (I) 
any Underlying Closing Level or any Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected ETF Share; 
(II) any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant Related Exchange; 
and (III) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 650 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
624 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Mutual Fund Interest" ("Mutual Fund Linked Securities" or "Mutual Fund Linked Warrants"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Mutual Funds. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Fees or Charges Event, Fund Adviser Event, 
Holding Ratio Change, Limitation Event, NAV Trigger Event, New Information Event, Non 
Currency Redemption, Asset Trigger Event, Delisting and/or Related Agreement Termination, 
in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Actual Interim Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related 
Mutual Fund, a date on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally 
determines such value) actually determines the value (however expressed) of such Mutual Fund 
Interest of such Mutual Fund or, if such Mutual Fund only reports its aggregate net asset value, 
a date on which such Mutual Fund actually determines its aggregate net asset value. 
"Actual Redemption Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the 
related Mutual Fund, a date on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which 
generally determines such value) would determine the value (however expressed) of a Mutual 
Fund Interest of such Mutual Fund, for the purpose of calculating the redemption proceeds to 
be paid to a Hypothetical Investor who has submitted a valid and timely redemption notice for 
a redemption of such Mutual Fund Interests. 
"Asset Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the aggregate net asset value of the 
Mutual Fund Interests held by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is more than 10 per cent. of 
the aggregate net asset value of such Mutual Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent, at 
any time. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, that the relevant Exchange (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms) announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such 
Mutual Fund Interest ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on such 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event) and is not (or will not be) immediately re-
listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country 
as the Exchange or another exchange or quotation system (that is deemed acceptable by the 
Calculation Agent) located in another country (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation 
Agent). 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, a dividend or a 
distribution or portion thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an 
extraordinary dividend relating to such Mutual Fund Interest. 
"Fees or Charges Event" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the imposition of any fees or 
charges in relation to redemptions, subscriptions or transfers of relevant Mutual Fund Interests 
other than any such fee or charge in existence on the Trade Date. 
"Fund Administrator" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual 
Fund, the fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such Mutual Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest according to the 
Fund Documents of such Mutual Fund and such Mutual Fund Interest, or any successor 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
"Fund Adviser" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, any 
person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary 
investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary 
investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser) to such Mutual Fund 
in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest, or any successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 651 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
625 
 
"Fund Adviser Event" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, that the Calculation Agent 
determines (a) that at any time after the Trade Date, the total value of the assets managed by the 
relevant Fund Adviser (including in relation to such Mutual Fund) is equal to or less than 
100,000,000 United States dollars (or its equivalent) or such other amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (the AUM Threshold) or (b) that over any period of twelve months, the 
total value of the assets managed by the relevant Fund Adviser (including in relation to such 
Mutual Fund) has decreased by fifty per cent. (either due to redemptions or decrease in the value 
of such assets or otherwise). 
"Fund Documents" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
the constitutive and governing documents of such Mutual Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund 
Interest and the subscription agreements and other agreements, in each case, relating to such 
Mutual Fund Interests and as amended from time to time. 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual 
Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for such Mutual 
Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest, whether or not specified in the relevant Fund 
Documents or any successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, including without limitation 
any Fund Administrator, Fund Adviser, operator, management company, depositary, custodian, 
sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary 
agent. 
"Holding Ratio Change" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the reduction of such Mutual 
Fund's aggregate net asset value under an amount that, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, has, or is likely to have, a material adverse effect on the performance or management of 
such Mutual Fund or would increase the proportion of the Mutual Fund Interests held, or likely 
to be held, by any Hedging Party, to the extent that the full redemption of the Mutual Fund 
Interests held by such Hedging Party is likely to be delayed or become subject to "gating" by 
such Mutual Fund. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, a hypothetical investor in Mutual 
Fund Interests of such Mutual Fund deemed (a) to have the benefits and obligations, as provided 
in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding, as of the Trade Date, an interest in such 
Mutual Fund equal to the relevant number (determined by the Calculation Agent) of such 
Mutual Fund Interests; (b) in the case of any deemed investment in such Mutual Fund Interests, 
to have submitted a duly completed and timely notice requesting a subscription for the relevant 
number of such Mutual Fund Interests; and (c) in the case of any deemed redemption of an 
investment in such Mutual Fund Interests, to have submitted a duly completed and timely notice 
requesting a redemption of the relevant number of such Mutual Fund Interests. 
"Limitation Event" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, (a) a material limitation is imposed on 
dealings in any relevant Mutual Fund Interests, (b) such Mutual Fund's dealing schedule is 
changed (including, but not limited to, a change in notice periods for redemptions or imposition 
of gating provisions), (c) subscription and/or redemption liquidity in any relevant Mutual Fund 
Interests is reduced, (d) there is a material reduction in the assets under management of such 
Mutual Fund since the Trade Date or (e) any other event occurs which restricts, in whole or in 
part (on a permanent or temporary basis), dealings of any nature with respect to any relevant 
Mutual Fund Interest (whether or not the relevant event occurs pursuant to any provisions 
permitting such Mutual Fund to restrict in any way dealings with respect to the relevant Mutual 
Fund Interest). 
"Mutual Fund" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, the issuer of such Mutual Fund 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Mutual Fund Condition" means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
"Mutual Fund Interest" means each mutual fund share or unit classified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, (i) if a NAV Trigger Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that at any time after the Trade Date, the Relevant Price

--- Page 652 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
626 
 
of the Mutual Fund as determined by the Calculation Agent on any Actual Interim Valuation 
Date or Actual Redemption Valuation Date has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater 
than, such NAV Trigger Percentage or (ii)such Mutual Fund has violated any leverage 
restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, it or its assets by operation of any law, any order or 
judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the 
relevant Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Mutual Fund 
or any of its assets. 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the percentage, if any, 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"New Information Event" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, (a) any information provided 
to the Calculation Agent by or in connection with such Mutual Fund, the relevant Fund Adviser, 
the relevant Fund Administrator or other Fund Service Provider is misleading or inaccurate in 
any respect or (b) the publication or dissemination (through any medium) of information is or 
becomes available which, if considered by itself or with information previously provided to the 
Calculation Agent, would be likely to cause a Hypothetical Investor to refrain from investing in 
or to seek to realise any investment in any relevant Mutual Fund Interests, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Non Currency Redemption" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, any relevant Mutual Fund 
Interests are redeemed otherwise than in cash or are redeemed in a currency(ies) other than the 
currency(ies) in which as of the Trade Date (and according to the relevant Fund Documents or 
as otherwise communicated to the Calculation Agent) it is intended redemptions of the relevant 
Mutual Fund Interests shall occur. 
"Related Agreement Termination" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, such Mutual Fund or 
any of its Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser or other relevant party specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms is in breach of or has terminated any existing agreement with the Issuer or any of 
its Affiliates or agents in respect of, but not limited to, retrocession, dealing fees, liquidity and 
licensing. 
"Relevant Price" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, the value of such Mutual Fund 
Interest as reported by the Fund Service Provider that generally reports such value on behalf of 
the relevant Mutual Fund to its investors or a publishing service and displayed on the applicable 
Electronic Page determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, any Scheduled Interim 
Valuation Date in respect of such Mutual Fund and/or any Scheduled Redemption Valuation 
Date in respect of such Mutual Fund, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Interim Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the 
related Mutual Fund, any day on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which 
generally determines such value) is scheduled according to the Fund Documents of such Mutual 
Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, 
suspension or other provisions permitting such Mutual Fund to delay or to refuse redemption of 
such Mutual Fund Interests) to determine the value (however expressed) of such Mutual Fund 
Interest or, if such Mutual Fund only reports its aggregate net asset value, the date as of which 
such Mutual Fund is scheduled to determine its aggregate net asset value. 
"Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the 
related Mutual Fund, any day on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which 
generally determines such value) is scheduled according to the Fund Documents of such Mutual 
Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, 
suspension or other provisions permitting such Mutual Fund to delay or to refuse redemption of 
such Mutual Fund Interests) to determine the value (however expressed) of such Mutual Fund 
Interest, for the purpose of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to a Hypothetical 
Investor who has submitted a valid and timely redemption notice for a redemption of such 
Mutual Fund Interests (such redemption to be effected on the basis of the value determined as 
of such day).

--- Page 653 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
627 
 
2. 
Valuation 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and a Valuation Date, 
the Relevant Price of such Mutual Fund Interest in respect of such Valuation Date either (a) 
where Same Day Publication is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, on such 
Valuation Date (and in which circumstances, where the level of such Mutual Fund Interest is 
published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, the level for that Valuation Date will have 
been the level calculated for the Mutual Fund Interest for or in respect of a preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day) or (b) where Same Day Publication is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, for such Valuation Date (and in which circumstances the level for that Valuation 
Date may be published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day). 
Valuation Time and Underlying Level shall not apply to a Mutual Fund Interest. 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Mutual Fund Interest on which there is: 
(i) 
in the case of Scheduled Trading Days that are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be Scheduled Interim Valuation Dates, a failure of any Scheduled Interim Valuation 
Date to be an Actual Interim Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Scheduled Trading Days that are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be Scheduled Redemption Valuation Dates, a failure of any Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date to be an Actual Redemption Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
a failure by such Mutual Fund on or before such day to pay the full amount (whether 
expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of any fund redemption proceeds with respect 
to any Mutual Fund Interest scheduled to have been paid on or before such day 
according to the relevant Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, 
deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting such Mutual Fund to delay or to 
refuse redemption of Mutual Fund Interests). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest 
and the related Mutual Fund: (i) a Corporate Action, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, a 
Nationalisation, an Adviser Resignation Event, a Fund Modification, a Strategy Breach, a 
Regulatory Action, a Reporting Disruption, a Cross-contamination, and a Failure by a Fund 
Service Provider (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in relation to Mutual 
Fund Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
"Corporate Action" means: 
(i) 
subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Mutual Fund Interests, unless 
resulting in Merger Event; or 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant Mutual Fund Interests to existing holders by 
way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Mutual Fund Interests 
of (A) an additional amount of such Mutual Fund Interests; or (B) other share capital 
or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the 
liquidation of the relevant Mutual Fund equally or proportionately with such payments 
to holders of such Mutual Fund Interests; or (C) share capital or other securities of 
another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the relevant Mutual Fund 
as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction; or (D) any other type of securities,

--- Page 654 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
628 
 
rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (whether in cash or 
otherwise) at less than their prevailing market price, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a repurchase by a Mutual Fund of relevant Mutual Fund Interests, whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise other than in respect 
of a redemption of Mutual Fund Interests initiated by an investor in such Mutual Fund 
Interests that is consistent with the relevant Fund Documents; or 
(vi) 
any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Mutual Fund Interests. 
(b) 
Insolvency 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, that either (i) by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous 
proceeding affecting such Mutual Fund, (A) all the Mutual Fund Interest of such Mutual Fund 
are required to be transferred to an Insolvency Officer; or (B) holders of Mutual Fund Interests 
of such Mutual Fund become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming such Mutual 
Fund Interests; or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of such Mutual Fund or any of its 
Fund Service Providers. 
"Insolvency Officer" means an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
"Insolvency Event" means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or (y) the making of 
an order for its winding-up or liquidation or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) causes or is subject to any event which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) to (vi) 
above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a regulator, 
supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or in the 
jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(c) 
Merger Event 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Mutual Fund Interest, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Mutual Fund Interest which results in a transfer of 
or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Mutual Fund Interests outstanding 
to another entity or person; or

--- Page 655 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
629 
 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Mutual 
Fund with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange in which such Mutual Fund is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Mutual Fund Interests 
outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Mutual 
Fund Interests of the relevant Mutual Fund, which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Mutual Fund Interests (other than those 
Mutual Fund Interests owned or controlled by such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Mutual 
Fund with or into another entity in which such Mutual Fund is the continuing entity 
and which does not result in the reclassification or change of all such Mutual Fund 
Interests outstanding but results in the outstanding Mutual Fund Interests (other than 
those Mutual Fund Interests owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately 
prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding 
Mutual Fund Interests immediately following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date or (B) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Maturity 
Date or Settlement Date (as applicable). For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing 
date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law 
applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(d) 
Nationalisation 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, that all the Mutual Fund Interests of such 
Mutual Fund or all the assets or substantially all the assets of such Mutual Fund are nationalised, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, 
entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(e) 
Advisor Resignation Event 
"Advisor Resignation Event" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related 
Mutual Fund, the resignation, termination of the appointment or replacement of the Fund 
Advisor in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest and any such Fund Advisor is not immediately 
replaced by another fund advisor acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Fund Modification 
"Fund Modification" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
any change or modification of the Fund Documents of such Mutual Fund in respect of such 
Mutual Fund Interest which could reasonably be expected to affect (i) the value of such Mutual 
Fund Interest; or (ii) the rights or remedies of any holder of any Mutual Fund Interest as 
compared with those rights and remedies prevailing on the Trade Date. 
(g) 
Strategy Breach 
"Strategy Breach" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the Fund Documents 
of such Mutual Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest which is reasonably likely, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, to affect (i) the value of such Mutual Fund Interest; or 
(ii) the rights or remedies of any holder of any such Mutual Fund Interest as compared with 
those rights or remedies prevailing on the Trade Date. 
(h) 
Regulatory Action 
"Regulatory Action" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
(i) the cancellation, suspension, revocation of the registration or approval of such Mutual Fund 
or such Mutual Fund Interest by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over

--- Page 656 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
630 
 
such Mutual Fund or such Mutual Fund Interest; (ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or 
regulatory treatment of such Mutual Fund Interest, such Mutual Fund or its Fund Adviser which 
is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to have an adverse impact 
on the value of such Mutual Fund Interest or on any investor in such Mutual Fund Interest; or 
(iii) such Mutual Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or its Fund Adviser becomes subject to 
any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory 
authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activity relating to or resulting 
from the operation of such Mutual Fund, Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser. 
(i) 
Reporting Disruption 
"Reporting Disruption" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual 
Fund, the occurrence of any event affecting such Mutual Fund which would make it impossible 
or impracticable to determine the value of such Mutual Fund Interest, and such event continues, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, for the foreseeable future. 
(j) 
Cross-contamination 
"Cross-contamination" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the occurrence of a cross-
contamination or other failure to segregate effectively assets between different classes, series or 
sub-funds of such Mutual Fund. 
(k) 
Failure by a Fund Service Provider 
"Failure by a Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the 
related Mutual Fund, a failure by a Fund Service Provider in respect of such Mutual Fund 
Interest and such Mutual Fund to perform any of its obligations in respect of such Mutual Fund 
Interest and such Mutual Fund and such Fund Service Provider is not immediately replaced by 
another fund service provider acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
The following Additional Early Termination Event shall apply in respect of a Mutual Fund if 
Mutual Fund Condition 5 (Additional Early Termination Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no Monetisation can 
reasonably be effected under Mutual Fund Condition 6(d) (Adjustments following an Adjustment 
Event). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
"Correction Period" means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution 
If Mutual Fund Interest Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include 
a Mutual Fund Substitution. 
"Mutual Fund Substitution" means, in relation to an Adjustment Event, the replacement of a 
Mutual Fund Interest (the "Affected Mutual Fund") the subject of such Adjustment Event with 
a new mutual fund share or unit selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be an Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest or selected in accordance with any other criteria specified in the General 
Conditions or the applicable Pricing Supplement) (the "Mutual Fund Interest Substitution 
Criteria"). Such new mutual fund share or unit shall be deemed to be a Mutual Fund Interest in 
place of the Affected Mutual Fund Interest. 
"Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest" means a mutual fund share or unit in a fund which is a 
mutual fund which:

--- Page 657 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
631 
 
(i) 
if "Liquidity" is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest Criteria in 
the applicable Issue Terms, provides daily liquidity (subject to certain exceptions 
specified in the relevant fund documents acceptable to the Calculation Agent and 
conforming to accepted market standards) and the shares or units of which (however 
described in the relevant fund documents) may be subscribed or sold to or redeemed 
by the relevant fund at a value equal to the net asset value on a fund business day 
(however described in the relevant fund documents) (subject to exceptions as 
aforesaid) by giving no more than two fund business days' notice, without the 
imposition of any charges by such fund in respect of such subscription, sale or 
redemption;  
(ii) 
if "Similar Strategy" is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest 
Criteria in the applicable Issue Terms, which has the same or substantially similar 
strategies as the Affected Mutual Fund; and  
(iii) 
if "Same Currency" is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest 
Criteria in the applicable Issue Terms, has the same currency as the Affected Mutual 
Fund.  
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Mutual Fund Interest on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities 
which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates shall apply. 
(d) 
Adjustments following an Adjustment Event 
Any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event pursuant to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Adjustment Events) in respect of Securities which are 
Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(h) (Adjustment Events) in respect 
of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates may include substitution of the 
relevant Underlying in whole or in part as specified therein and, in the event that, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any such substitution of the relevant Underlying cannot reasonably be 
made, may, also include Monetisation in respect of the relevant Underlying and the Calculation 
Agent may make such other adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it deems appropriate 
in relation to such Monetisation. 
For the purposes of the above, "Monetisation" means: 
(i) 
on a date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Affected Mutual Fund Valuation 
Date"), the Calculation Agent shall value the amount of the Mutual Fund Interest 
affected by the Adjustment Event (the "Affected Mutual Fund Interests") relating to 
a Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount) (such value, less any costs and expenses of unwinding any related 
Hedging Positions, the "Affected Mutual Fund Value"); and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall adjust the formulae or method of determining any amounts 
payable in respect of the Securities to reflect the Affected Mutual Fund Value in lieu 
of the Relevant Price of the Affected Mutual Fund Interest, and shall adjust the 
Redemption Amount, any relevant Cash Settlement Amount or any Entitlement, as the 
case may be, to include an amount in respect of interest (compounded on a daily basis) 
on the Affected Mutual Fund Value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, accrued 
at an overnight rate relating to the Settlement Currency (being, in the case of Dual 
Currency Securities, the Denomination Currency) selected by the Calculation Agent 
during the period from (and including) the Affected Mutual Fund Valuation Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date.

--- Page 658 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
632 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"FX Rate" ("FX Linked Securities" or "FX Linked Warrants"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to FX Rates or any other Securities where this Underlying Schedule is specifically 
stated to apply in the applicable Issue Terms. 
PART A: EMTA NOT APPLICABLE 
The provisions of this Part A apply where EMTA provisions are not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Base Currency" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in 
respect of such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Currency Pair" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the Quote Currency and the Base 
Currency specified for such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Event Currency" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the Quote Currency and/or the Base 
Currency, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Event Currency Jurisdiction" means, in respect of an Event Currency, the country for which 
such Event Currency is the lawful currency. 
"Exchange Rate" means the spot rate of exchange for exchange of the relevant Quote Currency 
into the relevant Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or parts thereof) of the Quote 
Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) which appears on the 
relevant Electronic Page at approximately the Valuation Time, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate" means: 
(a) 
where "cross-rate/formula" is not specified as applicable for such FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Exchange Rate for such FX Rate, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
where "cross-rate/formula" is specified as applicable for such FX Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the "inverse of" and/or the "product of" and/or the "quotient of" (in each 
case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) each Exchange Rate specified for such 
FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate Condition" means, where EMTA provisions are not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each condition specified in Part A of this Underlying Schedule. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
the financial markets (including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Non-Event Currency" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate and the relevant Currency Pair, 
the currency of such Currency Pair which is not the Event Currency. 
"Price Materiality Percentage" means, in respect of Price Materiality, the percentage specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Primary Rate" means, in respect of Price Materiality, the currency exchange rate determined 
as set out in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 659 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
633 
 
"Quote Currency" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in 
respect of such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits), or but for the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day would have settled payments and been open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each of the Specified Financial 
Centres specified for such FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms and, if the Specified Financial 
Centres are specified to be or include "T2" or "T2 Business Day", a Scheduled Trading Day 
shall also be a T2 Business Day. 
"Secondary Rate" means, in respect of Price Materiality, the currency exchange rate 
determined as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Specified Financial Centre(s)" means the financial centre(s) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate for such 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Exchange 
Rate(s). 
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate observed continuously 
during such Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant 
Exchange Rate(s). 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s), any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate on which a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Currency Disruption Event" means any of Dual Exchange Rate, General Inconvertibility, 
General Non-Transferability, Governmental Authority Default, Illiquidity, Material Change in 
Circumstances, Nationalisation, Price Materiality, Specific Inconvertibility and Specific Non-
Transferability, each such term as defined below, and any other event specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the split of any Exchange Rate specified for such FX Rate into dual or multiple currency 
exchange rates. 
"General Inconvertibility" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s) 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that generally makes 
it impossible or not reasonably practicable to convert any relevant Event Currency into the 
relevant Non-Event Currency in the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction through customary 
legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that generally makes 
it impossible or not reasonably practicable to deliver (a) any relevant Non-Event Currency from 
accounts inside the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the relevant Event 
Currency Jurisdiction or (b) any relevant Event Currency between accounts inside the relevant 
Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of such Event Currency 
Jurisdiction.

--- Page 660 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
634 
 
"Governmental Authority Default" means, with respect to any security or indebtedness for 
borrowed money of, or guaranteed by, any Governmental Authority, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default, or other similar condition or event (however described), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, including, but not limited to, (A) the failure of timely payment in full of any 
principal, interest, or other amounts due (without giving effect to any applicable grace periods) 
in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or guarantee, (B) a declared 
moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation, or rescheduling of any principal, interest, 
or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or 
guarantee or (C) the amendment or modification of the terms and conditions of payment of any 
principal, interest, or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for 
borrowed money, or guarantee without the consent of all holders of such obligation. The 
determination of the existence or occurrence of any default, event of default, or other similar 
condition or event shall be made without regard to any lack or alleged lack of authority or 
capacity of such Governmental Authority to issue or enter into such security, indebtedness for 
borrowed money, or guarantee. 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to obtain a firm quote to 
determine the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying 
Level (as relevant) for any relevant amount at the relevant time on the relevant Valuation Date 
(or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the relevant price source). 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s), 
the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any Price Source 
Disruption and/or any Trading Suspension or Limitation and/or any Currency Disruption Event 
specified in respect of such FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Material Change" in Circumstances means the occurrence of an event in an Event Currency 
Jurisdiction beyond the control of any Hedging Party which makes it impossible or not 
reasonably practicable for (i) any Hedging Party to fulfil its obligations under any Hedging 
Position and (ii) for any entity generally to fulfil obligations similar to such Hedging Party's 
obligations under any Hedging Position. 
"Nationalisation" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any expropriation, 
confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by a Governmental Authority which 
deprives any Hedging Party of all or substantially all of its assets in any Event Currency 
Jurisdiction. 
"Price Materiality" means the Primary Rate differs from the Secondary Rate by at least the 
Price Materiality Percentage, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Price Source Disruption" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to 
obtain the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying 
Level (as relevant) on such Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such 
Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced on the relevant 
Electronic Page). 
"Repudiation" means, in respect of a Governmental Authority Default, the relevant 
Governmental Authority disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates, or rejects, in whole or in part, or 
challenges the validity of any security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or guarantee of such 
Governmental Authority in any material respect. 
"Specific Inconvertibility" means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, 
limiting, restricting, making it impossible or not reasonably practicable for any Hedging Party 
to convert the whole, or part thereof, of any relevant amount in any relevant Event Currency 
into the relevant Non-Event Currency in the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction (including, 
without limitation, by reason of any delays, increased costs or discriminatory rates of exchange 
or any current or future restrictions on the repatriation of any relevant Event Currency into the

--- Page 661 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
635 
 
relevant Non-Event Currency) other than where such hindrance, limitation, restriction, 
impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure by such Hedging Party to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible or not reasonably practicable for 
such Hedging Party, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation). 
"Specific Non-Transferability" means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, 
limiting, restricting, making it impossible or not reasonably practicable for any Hedging Party 
to deliver (a) any relevant amount in any relevant Non-Event Currency from accounts inside the 
relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside such Event Currency Jurisdiction or 
(b) any relevant amount in any relevant Event Currency between accounts inside the relevant 
Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of such Event Currency 
Jurisdiction (including, without limitation, by reason of any delays, increased costs or 
discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on the repatriation of any 
relevant Event Currency into the relevant Non-Event Currency), other than where such 
hindrance, limitation, restriction, impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure by 
such Hedging Party to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible 
or not reasonably practicable for such Hedging Party, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Trading Suspension" or "Limitation" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the suspension of and/or limitation of trading in 
the rate(s) required to calculate such FX Rate (which may be, without limitation, rates quoted 
on any over-the-counter or quotation-based market, whether regulated or unregulated) for such 
Valuation Date PROVIDED THAT such suspension or limitation of trading is material in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an FX Rate if FX Rate 
Part A Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: after the Trade Date and on or before any relevant payment date, a relevant country 
has lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated, or exchanged its currency in effect on the 
Issue Date or any lawful successor currency thereto (the "Successor Currency"), as the case 
may be (the "Original Currency"), for a Successor Currency. 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
No Additional Early Termination Events shall apply in respect of FX Rates. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Corrections of published or announced rates 
"Correction Period" means, in respect of an FX Rate, five Business Days. 
(b) 
Certain Published and Displayed Sources 
If any Exchange Rate is published or announced by more than one price source (including the 
relevant Electronic Page) and the Electronic Page fails to publish or announce that currency 
exchange rate on any relevant Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such 
Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced on the relevant 
Electronic Page), then the relevant Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level (as relevant) 
for such Valuation Date may be determined as if the applicable Issue Terms had specified any 
other available price source which actually publishes or announces such currency exchange rate 
on such Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such Valuation Date would, 
in the ordinary course, be published or announced by such price source) as the applicable 
Electronic Page.

--- Page 662 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
636 
 
If any Exchange Rate comprising any applicable FX Rate is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced, or adopted (or other similar action) by the relevant Governmental 
Authority, and such currency exchange rate ceases to exist and is replaced by a successor 
currency exchange rate that is reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced, or 
adopted (or other similar action) by such Governmental Authority (the "Official Successor 
Rate"), then the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level (as applicable) for the relevant 
Valuation Date may be determined as if the applicable Issue Terms had specified any available 
price source which publishes or announces the Official Successor Rate (including, but not 
limited to, an official publication of that Governmental Authority) on such Valuation Date (or, 
if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant price source) as the applicable Electronic Page.  
PART B: EMTA APPLICABLE 
The provisions of this Part B apply where EMTA Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date, 
that the Calculation Agent will determine the FX Rate for such Valuation Date taking into 
consideration all available information that it deems relevant. 
"Disruption Event" means an event that would give rise, in accordance with an applicable 
Disruption Fallback, to an alternative basis for determining the FX Rate being in respect of an 
FX Rate, any related First Fallback Reference Rate or any related Second Fallback Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
of any Price Source Disruption and/or any Price Materiality, if specified in respect of the FX 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Disruption Fallback" means each of Calculation Agent Determination, First Fallback 
Reference Price, Second Fallback Reference Price, Valuation Postponement which are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Exchange Rate" means the Reference Currency/Settlement Currency offered rate for the 
Settlement Currency expressed as the amount of the Reference Currency per one unit of the 
Settlement Currency for settlement in the Number of Settlement Business Days.  
"First Fallback Reference Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate (if any) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be the Exchange Rate for such FX Rate as 
reported or, as the case may be, announced, by the First Fallback Rate Source on the First 
Fallback Electronic Page at approximately the First Fallback Valuation Time (or as soon 
thereafter as practicable). For which purpose: 
"First Fallback Electronic Page" means, in respect of the First Fallback Reference 
Rate, the Electronic Page specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"First Fallback Rate Source" means, in respect of a First Fallback Reference Rate, 
the source or source(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms for such First 
Fallback Reference Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any 
methodology used by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
"First Fallback Reference Price" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified 
Valuation Date, that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing 
Level of the relevant FX Rate for such Valuation Date using the First Fallback 
Reference Rate, unless such rate is subject to a Disruption Event, in which case the FX 
Rate will be determined in accordance with the provisions of the next applicable 
Disruption Fallback.  
"First Fallback Valuation Time" means, in respect of the First Fallback Reference 
Rate, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 663 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
637 
 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of each Underlying specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Exchange Rate, as reported or, as the case may be, announced, by the FX Rate Source. 
"FX Rate Condition" means, where EMTA provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each Condition specified in Part B of this Underlying Schedule. 
"FX Rate Source" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the source or source(s) specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms for such FX Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include 
any methodology used by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
"Number of Settlement Business Days" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related 
Exchange Rate, the number of Reference Currency Business Days specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, either (a) the 
Primary Rate differs from any Secondary Rate by at the least the Price Materiality Percentage 
or (b) there are insufficient responses on the Specified Valuation Date to the relevant survey 
used in calculating the First Fallback Reference Price or, as the case may be, the Second 
Fallback Reference Price. 
"Price Materiality Percentage" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, it becomes 
impossible to obtain the FX Rate, any related First Fallback Reference Rate or any related 
Second Fallback Reference Rate, as the case may be, on the Specified Valuation Date (or, if 
different the day on which rates for that Specified Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the relevant price source). 
"Primary Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Reference Currency Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, 
but for the occurrence of any Disruption Event, would have been open) for business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in (i) the or each Settlement Currency Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (a Settlement Currency Business Day) and (ii) any of the Reference Currency 
Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, for the purposes of the definition 
of Valuation Date and the occurrence of a Disruption Event, a Reference Currency Business 
Day will include any day on which commercial banks would have been open but for the 
occurrence in the jurisdiction of the Reference Currency of a banking moratorium or other 
similar event related to any Disruption Event. 
"Second Fallback Reference Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate (if any) specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be the Exchange Rate as reported or, as the 
case may be, announced, by the Second Fallback Rate Source on the Second Fallback Electronic 
Page at approximately the Second Fallback Valuation Time (or as soon thereafter as 
practicable). For which purpose: 
"Second Fallback Electronic Page" means, in respect of the Second Fallback 
Reference Rate, the Electronic Page specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Second Fallback Rate Source" means, in respect of a Second Fallback Reference 
Rate, the source or source(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms for such 
Second Fallback Reference Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any 
methodology used by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
"Second Fallback Reference Price" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation 
Date, that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of the 
relevant FX Rate for such Valuation Date using the Second Fallback Reference Rate, 
unless such rate is subject to a Disruption Event, in which case the FX Rate will be

--- Page 664 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
638 
 
determined in accordance with the provisions of the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback.  
"Second Fallback Valuation Time" means, in respect of the Second Fallback Reference Rate, 
the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Secondary Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the or each rate(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate, a Reference Currency Business 
Day PROVIDED THAT, where the Reference Currency is Brazilian real ("BRL") and the 
Settlement Currency is United States dollars ("USD"), if the Specified Valuation Date falls on 
a day that, as at the Trade Date, is not a Settlement Currency Business Day, then such day shall 
be a Scheduled Trading Day notwithstanding that, due to not being a Settlement Currency 
Business Day only, it is not a Reference Currency Business Day. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified Valuation Date, a day 
that is not a Reference Currency Business Day and, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the market was not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by 
reference to other publicly available information) until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in 
the principal financial centre of the Reference Currency two Reference Currency Business Days 
prior to the Specified Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Postponement" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified Valuation Date, 
that if the relevant Disruption Event is (i) a Price Source Disruption, the Underlying Closing 
Level will be determined on the Reference Currency Business Day first succeeding the day on 
which the Price Source Disruption ceases to exist (or, if "Averaging" applies to the relevant 
Specified Valuation Date, the first succeeding the day on which the Price Source Disruption 
ceases to exist and on which no other relevant Valuation Date in respect of the relevant 
determination falls) unless, subject to the provisions of FX Rate Condition 6(d) (Cut-off 
Valuation Date for cumulative events) below, the Price Source Disruption continues to exist 
(measured from the date that, but for the occurrence of the Price Source Disruption, would have 
been the Valuation Date) for the number of Maximum Days of Postponement. In such event, 
the FX Rate will be determined on the next Reference Currency Business Day after the day 
falling the Maximum Days of Postponement (and such date shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date) in accordance with the provisions set out in the next applicable Disruption Fallback or (ii) 
if the relevant Disruption Event is a Price Materiality, the FX Rate will be determined in 
accordance with the provisions set out in the next applicable Disruption Fallback. 
2. 
Valuation 
(b) 
Closing Valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate for such 
Valuation Date as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page(s) at approximately the Valuation 
Time (or as soon thereafter as practicable) on the Valuation Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Intraday Valuations 
"Underlying Level" does not apply to an FX Rate to which the EMTA Provisions apply.  
(d) 
Valuation Time 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the time specified for such FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day for such FX 
Rate on which a Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing.

--- Page 665 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
639 
 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an FX Rate if FX Rate 
Part B Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms:  
(i) 
any Relevant Rate which as of the Trade Date is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced or adopted (or other similar action) by the relevant 
Governmental Authority and any such Relevant Rate ceases to exist and is replaced by 
a successor currency exchange rate that is reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, 
announced or adopted (or other similar action) by such Governmental Authority (the 
Official Successor Rate), then the Relevant Rate will be determined as provided herein 
by reference to such Official Successor Rate and the price source which publishes or 
announces (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption Event, would have published or 
announced) such Official Successor Rate (including, but not limited to, an official 
publication of that Governmental Authority). 
(ii) 
the FX Rate Source as sponsor and/or administrator of a Relevant Rate officially 
designates or appoints a successor sponsor and/or administrator entity for that Relevant 
Rate, then such lawfully designated or appointed successor entity shall be deemed to 
be the lawful sponsor and/or administrator entity of such Relevant Rate; and 
(iii) 
if, after the Trade Date and on or before any relevant payment date, a relevant country 
has lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated or exchanged its currency in effect 
on the Trade Date or any lawful successor currency thereto (the "Successor 
Currency"), as the case may be (the "Original Currency"), for a Successor Currency 
For the purposes of the above, "Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure 
government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
financial markets (including the central bank) of the jurisdiction of the Reference Currency. 
"Relevant Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the FX Rate, any First Fallback Reference 
Rate and any Second Fallback Reference Rate. 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
No Additional Early Termination Events shall apply in respect of FX Rates. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Unless Correction Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of an FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(k) (Correction 
of published or announced prices or levels) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(k) (Correction of published or announced 
prices or levels) in respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates do not 
apply in respect of an FX Rate. 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) in 
respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates do not apply in respect of 
an FX Rate. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for an FX Rate then the Valuation 
Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding such Specified Valuation Date 
EXCEPT, in the event of the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday on such Specified 
Valuation Date, in which case the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day

--- Page 666 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
640 
 
immediately succeeding such Scheduled Trading Day, subject as follows and as provided in FX 
Rate Condition 6(d) (Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events) below. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is postponed due to the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday on 
a Scheduled Trading Day as provided above and the Valuation Date has not occurred on or 
before the day falling the Maximum Days of Postponement after the Specified Valuation Date 
(any such period being a "Deferral Period"), then the next day after the Deferral Period that 
would have been a Scheduled Trading Day but for the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday, 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, unless such day is a Disrupted Day for the FX Rate, 
in which case the provisions of FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Disrupted Day) below will apply.  
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Scheduled Trading Days, then the adjustment provisions above prevail and consequently all 
references to "for all of the Underlyings" and "for any of the Underlyings" in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) in 
respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) in respect of Securities 
which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates shall be construed not to include any Underlying 
that is an FX Rate.  
(c) 
Disrupted Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants 
or Exercisable Certificates and Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect 
of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(e) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing 
Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates do not apply in 
respect of an FX Rate. 
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
FX Rate Condition 6(b) (Scheduled Trading Day) above) is a Disrupted Day for an FX Rate and 
subject as provided below, then, in order to determine the Underlying Closing Level of such FX 
Rate for such Valuation Date, the Underlying Closing Level shall be determined in accordance 
with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) which 
provides the Underlying Closing Level of such FX Rate for such Valuation Date, PROVIDED 
THAT, if "Omission" applies in respect of any Valuation Date to which "Averaging" applies, 
then the relevant Specified Valuation Date shall be deemed not to be a Valuation Date 
PROVIDED THAT, if by operation of this provision there would be no Valuation Date in 
respect of the relevant determination, then the provisions above will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Underlying Closing Level(s) on the final relevant Valuation Date as if 
such Valuation Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day. 
Where the applicable Disruption Fallback is a Disruption Fallback other than Valuation 
Postponement, the relevant Specified Valuation Date shall not be adjusted in relation to such 
FX Rate, the Disruption Fallback provisions set out below shall apply thereto and the provisions 
of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable 
Certificates shall only apply in relation to Underlying(s) other than such FX Rate (if any). For 
the avoidance of doubt, where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to adjustments to Disrupted Days, then the adjustment provisions above prevail and 
consequently all references to "for all of the Underlyings" in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing 
Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing

--- Page 667 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
641 
 
Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates shall be 
construed not to include any Underlying that is an FX Rate. 
If an Underlying Closing Level of an FX Rate is to be determined on a day which is a Disrupted 
Day or is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate, then the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback will apply. 
(d) 
Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events 
Notwithstanding the cut-off provisions set out in the definition of Valuation Postponement and 
in FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Disrupted Day) above, in no event shall the total number of 
consecutive calendar days during which either (i) valuation is deferred due to an Unscheduled 
Holiday or (ii) a Valuation Postponement shall occur (or any combination of (i) and (ii)), exceed 
the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate.  
Accordingly, (x) if upon the lapse of the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate, an 
Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following the Maximum 
Days of Postponement, then such day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date and (y) if, upon 
the lapse of the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate, a Price Source Disruption 
shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following the Maximum Days of Postponement, 
such date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date and the relevant FX Rate shall be determined 
in accordance with the next Disruption Fallback. 
The Cut-off Valuation Date provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 
(Underlying Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for Securities other than Underlying 
Linked Securities) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1 (General Provisions applicable to Underlyings) in respect of Securities 
which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates do not apply to an Underlying that is an FX Rate 
and, accordingly, pursuant to the above provisions, a scheduled date for payment of any amount 
or, as the case may be, delivery of any assets in respect of the Securities will be deferred, if later, 
until the Number of Settlement Business Days (or such other number of days (the "Number of 
Postponement Days") specified in the applicable Issue Terms) following the relevant Valuation 
Date and such Cut-off Valuation Date provisions shall only apply to any Underlying other than 
an FX Rate (save as otherwise provided in the relevant Underlying Schedule applicable to any 
such Underlying).

--- Page 668 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – BESPOKE INDEX CONDITIONS 
642 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – BESPOKE INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Bespoke Index" ("Bespoke Index Linked Securities" or "Bespoke Index Linked Warrants"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Bespoke Indices.  
1. 
Definitions 
"Bespoke Index" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Bespoke Index Condition" means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
"Citi Proprietary Index" means each Bespoke Index which is specified as a Citi Proprietary 
Index in the applicable Issue Terms. Only Exempt Securities shall reference a Citi Proprietary 
Index. 
"Component" means, in respect of a Bespoke Index, each component index, security, 
commodity or other asset included in such Bespoke Index. 
"Index Conditions" means, in respect of a Bespoke Index, the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Bespoke Index from time to time, as published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of a Bespoke Index, the corporation or other entity which 
(a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculations 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Bespoke Index; and (b) calculates and publishes (directly 
or through an agent) the level of such Bespoke Index on a regular basis.  If specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Index Sponsor will be the Index Administrator (as defined in the 
relevant Index Conditions) notwithstanding that another entity is specified as the Index Sponsor 
in such Index Conditions. The Index Sponsor in respect of a Bespoke Index which is a Citi 
Proprietary Index shall be the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer or any entity acting in 
association with or on behalf of the Issuer, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. For the 
purposes of Securities which are not Exempt Securities, the Index Sponsor shall not be the Issuer 
or any Affiliate of the Issuer or any entity acting in association with or on behalf of the Issuer. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Bespoke Index and unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, a day in respect of which the level of the Bespoke Index is 
scheduled to be calculated, however described in the relevant Index Conditions and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Successor Index" shall have the meaning given to it in Bespoke Index Condition 4 (Additional 
Adjustment Events). 
"Tax Disruption" means, in respect of a Component, the imposition of, change in or removal 
of a Relevant Tax by any relevant government or taxing authority after the Trade Date, if the 
direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to increase or decrease the level of the 
Bespoke Index on a day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date from what it would have 
been without such imposition, change or removal. For these purposes, "Relevant Tax" means, 
in respect of a Component or other asset relating to such Component, any excise, severance, 
sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or other similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to, such Component or other asset (other than a tax on, or measured by 
reference to, overall gross or net income). 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Bespoke Index and a Valuation Date, the 
level of such Bespoke Index as published on the applicable Electronic Page in respect of such 
Valuation Date (irrespective of the time and date on which such level is so published).

--- Page 669 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – BESPOKE INDEX CONDITIONS 
643 
 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of a Bespoke Index and a Valuation Date, the level of 
such Bespoke Index observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Bespoke Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Bespoke Index in respect of which the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such 
Bespoke Index. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Bespoke Index: 
(a) 
if Bespoke Index Condition 4(a) (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms such Bespoke Index is either (i) not calculated 
and announced by or on behalf of the relevant Index Sponsor but instead is calculated 
and announced by or on behalf of a successor to such relevant Index Sponsor 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for 
and method of calculation as used in the calculation of such Bespoke Index (such 
index, the "Successor Index", which will be deemed to be such Bespoke Index); and 
(b) 
if "Tax Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent determines that (i) a Tax Disruption has occurred or exists; and (ii) 
such Tax Disruption is material. 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
The following Additional Early Termination Event shall apply in respect of a Bespoke Index: 
the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation, adjustment or substitution can reasonably 
be made under Bespoke Index Condition 6(b) (Modification, disruption or cancellation of a 
Bespoke Index and Bespoke Index Substitution). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
"Correction Period" means, in respect of a Bespoke Index, 30 calendar days. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if pursuant to the provisions of Proprietary Index Condition 6(c) 
(Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Bespoke Index on a Disrupted Day), the 
level of a Bespoke Index published in respect of a Valuation Date is disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent, any correction of the level of the relevant Bespoke Index which has been 
disregarded shall also be disregarded. 
(b) 
Modification, disruption or cancellation of a Bespoke Index and Bespoke Index Substitution 
(A) 
Bespoke Index Adjustment Events 
If Bespoke Index Condition 6(b)(A) (Bespoke Index Adjustment Events) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Bespoke Index, (i) on or prior 
to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the level of such 
Bespoke Index or in any other way materially modifies such Bespoke Index (other than 
a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain such Bespoke Index 
in the event of changes in relevant Components and other routine events) (a "Bespoke 
Index Modification"); or (ii) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index 
Sponsor at any time permanently cancels such Bespoke Index and no Successor Index 
(as defined in Bespoke Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events)) exists (a

--- Page 670 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – BESPOKE INDEX CONDITIONS 
644 
 
"Bespoke Index Cancellation"); or (iii) on or prior to any Valuation Date the relevant 
Index Sponsor or any person or entity on its behalf fails to calculate and announce such 
Bespoke Index (a "Bespoke Index Disruption", and together with a Proprietary Index 
Modification and a Proprietary Index Cancellation, a "Bespoke Index Adjustment 
Event"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Bespoke Index Adjustment 
Event has a material effect on the Securities, and if so, shall either: 
(i) 
calculate the relevant level of such Bespoke Index in respect of the relevant 
time on such Valuation Date using, in lieu of a published level for such 
Bespoke Index, the level of such Bespoke Index in respect of the relevant time 
on such Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula for and the method of calculating the level of such Bespoke 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of such Bespoke Index Adjustment 
Event but using only those Components which comprised such Bespoke Index 
immediately prior to the occurrence of such Bespoke Index Adjustment Event 
and, for which purpose, any determination of the value of any Component 
shall be made by reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate; and/or 
(ii) 
substitute such Bespoke Index as provided in Bespoke Index Condition 
6(b)(B) (Bespoke Index Substitution), if Bespoke Index Substitution is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, and make such 
adjustments (if any) to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as it deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution; 
and/or 
(iii) 
make such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to 
account for the effect of such Bespoke Index Adjustment Event and determine 
the effective date of each such adjustment. 
If no calculation, substitution and/or adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to 
the above, the provisions of Bespoke Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Termination 
Events) shall apply. 
(B) 
Bespoke Index Substitution 
If Bespoke Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any substitution made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Bespoke Index Condition 
6(b)(A)(ii) (Bespoke Index Adjustment Events) shall be, and any adjustment made by 
the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include, a Bespoke 
Index Substitution. 
"Bespoke Index Substitution" means, in relation to a Bespoke Index Adjustment 
Event or an Adjustment Event, the replacement of a Bespoke Index the subject of such 
Bespoke Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be, with a new 
index selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a replacement index using, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula 
and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Bespoke Index 
or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, a replacement index selected by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms). Such new index shall be deemed to be a Bespoke Index in place of the 
Bespoke Index the subject of the Bespoke Index Adjustment Event or the Adjustment 
Event, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Bespoke Index on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates

--- Page 671 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – BESPOKE INDEX CONDITIONS 
645 
 
(Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities 
which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates applies. 
(d) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Bespoke Index on a Component Disrupted 
Day 
This Bespoke Index Condition 6(d) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a 
Bespoke Index on a Component Disrupted Day) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants 
or Exercisable Certificates shall only apply where "Component Valuation" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if a 
Valuation Date for a Bespoke Index (i) is not a Component Scheduled Trading Day or (ii) is a 
Component Disrupted Day, in either case, in respect of one or more of the Components of such 
Bespoke Index (each such Component, an "Affected Component" and each such date an 
"Affected Valuation Date"), then any level of the Bespoke Index published in respect of such 
Valuation Date may be disregarded by the Calculation Agent and the Underlying Closing Level 
for such Valuation Date may be determined by the Calculation Agent as the level of such 
Bespoke Index in respect of such Valuation Date determined in accordance with the then-current 
methodology for calculating the level of the Bespoke Index, but using: 
(i) 
with respect to each Component which is not an Affected Component, the price, level 
or value of each such Component at the relevant time on the relevant Affected 
Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
with respect to each Affected Component, the price, level or value for each such 
Affected Component at the relevant time on the earlier of (i) the first succeeding 
Component Scheduled Trading Day for such Affected Component immediately 
following the relevant Affected Valuation Date that is not a Component Disrupted Day 
for such Affected Component and (ii) the Component Scheduled Trading Day which 
is the Component Valuation Roll number of Component Scheduled Trading Days for 
such Component immediately following the relevant Affected Valuation Date,  
PROVIDED THAT if, pursuant to the above, the relevant Valuation Date for any 
Component determined as provided above would otherwise fall on a day falling after 
the second Component Scheduled Trading Day prior to the date on which a relevant 
payment is scheduled to be made under the Securities (the "Component Cut-off 
Date"), such Valuation Date for such Affected Component shall be deemed to be the 
Component Cut-off Date (notwithstanding that such date either (A) is not a Component 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Component or (B) is a Component Disrupted Day for 
such Component) and the provisions of paragraph (iii) below shall apply; 
(iii) 
if the Valuation Date for any Component (as determined in accordance with paragraph 
(ii) above) is a Component Disrupted Day for such Component or is determined to 
occur on the Component Cut-off Date (as provided in paragraph (ii) above), then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the price, level or value of the relevant Component 
in the manner (as specified in the relevant Index Conditions) in which the price, level 
or value of such disrupted Component would be determined on a date which is a 
Component Disrupted Day for such Component (for the avoidance of doubt, without 
regard to any valuation roll). 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Component Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Component and unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, a day on which the price, level or value of such Component and/or 
any sub-component of such Component and/or any related futures contracts, options contracts 
or securities (each a "Relevant Component") is not published (or publication is delayed) and/or 
cannot be determined and/or is otherwise disrupted (including, without limitation, by way of a 
suspension, limitation and/or disruption of trading in the Relevant Component and/or the failure

--- Page 672 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – BESPOKE INDEX CONDITIONS 
646 
 
to open or the early closure of any relevant exchange), however described in the relevant Index 
Conditions and as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Component Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Component and unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a day on or in respect of which the price, level or value 
of such Component is scheduled to be determined, however described in the relevant Index 
Conditions and as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Component Valuation Roll" means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if no number is so specified, eight.

--- Page 673 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
647 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Dividend Futures Contract" ("Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Dividend Futures Contract" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Dividend Futures Contract Condition" means each condition specified in this Underlying 
Schedule. 
"Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor" means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, the 
corporation or other entity which (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and 
procedures and methods of calculations and adjustments, if any, related to such Dividend 
Futures Contract; and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the price of such Dividend 
Futures Contract on a regular basis.  
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, the exchange or principal trading 
facility specified for such Dividend Futures Contract in the applicable Issue Terms or any 
successor to such exchange or principal trading facility.  
"Expiry Date" means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a Valuation Date, where 
the Relevant Price for such Valuation Date is specified to be the "final settlement price" of such 
Dividend Futures Contract in the applicable Issue Terms, the expiry date of such Dividend 
Futures Contract on which the "final settlement price" of such Dividend Futures Contract is 
expected to be announced by the Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor and published on the 
Exchange) or, if such "final settlement price" is not so announced and published but, on or prior 
to such originally designated expiry date, the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor has 
announced arrangements for the publication of such "final settlement price" on another date, 
such other date. 
"Relevant Price" means in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a Valuation Date, the 
"daily settlement price" or the "final settlement price", in each case, however defined in the 
contract specifications of such Dividend Futures Contract or the relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, any day on which 
the relevant Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session 
notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time. 
2. 
Valuation 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a Valuation 
Date, the Relevant Price for the relevant Valuation Date as displayed on the relevant Electronic 
Page or, if such Relevant Price is not displayed on the relevant Electronic Page on the relevant 
Valuation Date, the Relevant Price of such Dividend Futures Contract for such Valuation Date 
as published by the relevant Exchange. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an Underlying Closing Level and a Dividend Futures 
Contract, the time at which the relevant price referred to for the purpose of such Underlying 
Closing Level of such Dividend Futures Contract for such day is calculated and published by 
the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor. 
"Underlying Level" shall not apply to a Dividend Futures Contract.

--- Page 674 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
648 
 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Dividend Futures Contract on which: 
(i) 
the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor fails to announce the Relevant Price; 
(ii) 
the relevant Electronic Page and the relevant Exchange each fail to publish the 
Relevant Price of the Dividend Futures Contract (or other data from which such 
Relevant Price is calculated); 
(iii) 
the relevant Electronic Page is temporarily or permanently discontinued or 
unavailable; 
(iv) 
the relevant Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(v) 
there is a suspension of or limitation on trading in such Dividend Futures Contract on 
the relevant Exchange (which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is 
material). 
The definition of Disrupted Day and the provisions relating to Disrupted Days in Part A of the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule will not apply in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and 
a Valuation Date if the Relevant Price for such Valuation Date is specified to be the "final 
settlement price" of such Dividend Futures Contract in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Dividend Futures 
Contract if Dividend Futures Contract Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: such Dividend Futures Contract is either (a) not 
calculated and announced by or on behalf of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor 
but instead is calculated and announced by or on behalf of a successor to such relevant Dividend 
Futures Contract Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (b) replaced, as relevant, by a 
successor dividend futures contract using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation 
of such Dividend Futures Contract (such dividend futures contract, the "Successor Dividend 
Futures Contract", which will be deemed to be such Dividend Futures Contract). 
5. 
Additional Early Termination  Events 
The following Additional Early Termination Event shall apply in respect of a Dividend Futures 
Contract if Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5 (Additional Early Termination  Events) is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no 
calculation, adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made under Dividend Futures Contract 
Condition 6(b) (Modification, cancellation or disruption of a Dividend Futures Contract and 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
"Correction Period" means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Modification, cancellation or disruption of a Dividend Futures Contract and Dividend Futures 
Contract Substitution 
(A) 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event 
If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A) (Dividend Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect 
of a Dividend Futures Contract, (i) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant

--- Page 675 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
649 
 
Exchange and/or Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor, as the case may be, announces 
that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating any 
price of such Dividend Futures Contract or in any other way materially modifies such 
Dividend Futures Contract, including any material change in the content, composition 
or constitution of such Dividend Futures Contract (a "Dividend Futures Contract 
Modification"); or (ii) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Exchange and/or 
Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor, as the case may be, at any time permanently 
cancels or discontinues such Dividend Futures Contract or there is otherwise a 
permanent discontinuation in trading or trading never commences in such Dividend 
Futures Contract and, in each such case, no Successor Dividend Futures Contract exists 
(a "Dividend Futures Contract Cancellation"); or (iii) on any Valuation Date for 
which the Relevant Price is specified to be the "final settlement price" in the applicable 
Issue Terms, such Relevant Price is not displayed or published on the relevant 
Electronic Page or by the Exchange, as the case may be, at the relevant Valuation Time 
(a "`Dividend Futures Contract Disruption", and together with a Dividend Futures 
Contract Modification and a Dividend Futures Contract Cancellation, a "Dividend 
Futures Contract Adjustment Event"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
if such Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event has a material effect on the 
Securities and, if so, shall either: 
(i) 
calculate the relevant price of such Dividend Futures Contract at or for the 
relevant Valuation Time on such Valuation Date using, in lieu of the 
published Relevant Price for such Dividend Futures Contract, a price for such 
Dividend Futures Contract at or for the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent by calculating the 
value of the relevant dividends for the applicable contract period for such 
Dividend Futures Contract by reference to the formula for and the method of 
calculation last in effect of any related dividend point index or such other 
sources as it deems appropriate; 
(ii) 
make such adjustments to the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms 
as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for 
the effect of such Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event and determine 
the effective date of each such adjustment; and/or 
(iii) 
substitute such Dividend Futures Contract as provided in Dividend Futures 
Contract Condition 6(b)(B) (Dividend Futures Contract Substitution) and 
make such adjustments (if any) to the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms to as it deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution. 
If no calculation, adjustment and/or substitution can reasonably be made pursuant to 
the above, the provisions of Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5 (Additional Early 
Termination  Events) shall apply. 
(B) 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution 
If Dividend Futures Contract Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Dividend 
Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A)(iii) (Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event) 
shall be, and any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an 
Adjustment Event may include, a Dividend Futures Contract Substitution. 
"Dividend Futures Contract Substitution" means, in relation to a Dividend Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event or an Adjustment Event, the replacement of the Dividend Futures Contract 
the subject of such Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the 
case may be, with a new dividend futures contract selected by the Calculation Agent (which 
shall be a replacement dividend futures contract using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the Dividend Futures Contract or a replacement dividend futures contract selected 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). Such new dividend futures contract shall be deemed to be a Dividend Futures

--- Page 676 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
650 
 
Contract in place of the Dividend Futures Contract the subject of the Dividend Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Dividend Futures Contract on a Disrupted 
Day or on the Cut-off Valuation Date 
(A) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Dividend Futures Contract on a 
Disrupted Day 
Where the Relevant Price for a Valuation Date is not specified to be the "final 
settlement price" in the applicable Issue Terms, Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of 
Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates 
applies. 
(B) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Dividend Futures Contract on the 
Cut-off Valuation Date 
If the Relevant Price for a Valuation Date is specified to be the "final settlement price" 
in the applicable Issue Terms and, in accordance with the provisions of the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Valuation Date 
would otherwise fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Dividend Futures Contract prior to the date on which a relevant payment is scheduled 
to be made under the Securities (the "Cut-off Valuation Date"), such Valuation Date 
shall be deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Underlying Closing Level of the Dividend Futures Contract for such 
Valuation Date by calculating the value of the relevant dividends for the applicable 
contract period for such Dividend Futures Contract by reference to the formula for and 
the method of calculation last in effect of any related dividend point index or such other 
sources as it deems appropriate.

--- Page 677 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – RATE CONDITIONS 
651 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – RATE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Rate" ("Rate Linked Securities" or "Rate Linked Warrants"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Rates. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Disrupted Day" shall have the meaning given to it in Rate Condition 3 (Disruption to 
Valuation). 
"Rate" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Rate Condition" means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" shall, in respect of a Rate, have the meaning given to it for such 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms.  
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Rate and a Valuation Date, the interest rate 
(expressed as a percentage) specified to be such Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where 
applicable) on such Valuation Date, which appears on the applicable Electronic Page as of the 
Valuation Time. For the avoidance of doubt, a Rate will be determined as of the Valuation Time 
which may not be the "closing time" and a Rate may only be determined once on any Scheduled 
Trading Day.   
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
Underlying Level does not apply to an Underlying that is a Rate. 
(c) 
Valuation Time 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Rate, the time specified for such Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate on 
which the Electronic Page is not available or the percentage rate of such Rate for such Scheduled 
Trading Day does not appear on the Electronic Page and/or the Rate is not provided or published 
by the relevant administrator or a relevant authorised distributor and/or a component of the 
relevant Rate is not provided or published. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
No Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Rate.  
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
No Additional Early Termination Event shall apply in respect of a Rate. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Unless "Correction Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(k) (Correction of published or announced 
prices or levels) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and

--- Page 678 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – RATE CONDITIONS 
652 
 
Settlement Condition 1(k) (Correction of published or announced prices or levels) in respect of 
Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates do not apply in respect of a Rate. 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day 
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) is not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Rate then, if neither 
"Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" nor "Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day" is 
specified in respect of such Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) in 
respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) in respect of Securities which are 
Warrants or Exercisable Certificates applies in respect of that Rate; or: 
(i) 
if "Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" is specified for such Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding 
such Specified Valuation Date, unless such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, 
in which case Rate Condition 6(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of 
a Rate on a Disrupted Day) shall apply; or 
(ii) 
if "Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day" is specified for such Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately succeeding such Specified Valuation Date, unless such day would fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled 
Trading Day falling first preceding such Specified Valuation Date, unless, in either 
such case, such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, in which case Rate 
Condition 6(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a 
Disrupted Day) shall apply. 
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Scheduled Trading Days and "Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" or "Modified Following 
Scheduled Trading Day" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of a Rate, then the 
adjustment provisions relating to Preceding Scheduled Trading Day or, as the case may be, 
Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day prevail and Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) in respect of Securities 
which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c)(ii) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants or 
Exercisable Certificates shall be construed so as not to apply to such Rate and consequently all 
reference to "for all of the Underlyings" and "for any of the Underlyings" in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) in 
respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) in respect of Securities 
which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates shall be construed not to include any such Rate. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a Disrupted Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants 
or Exercisable Certificates do not apply in respect of a Rate.  
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) in respect of 
Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates or, as the case may be, Rate Condition 
6(b) (Scheduled Trading Day) above) is a Disrupted Day for a Rate, then subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments) in respect of 
Securities which are Notes or Certificates or the General Conditions in respect of Securities 
which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Conditions, the Relevant Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of such Rate

--- Page 679 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – RATE CONDITIONS 
653 
 
for the Valuation Date at such time as it deems appropriate and in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any 
alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance of 
doubt and without limitation, the Relevant Agent may determine the relevant Underlying 
Closing Level for such Valuation Date by reference to one of the following: 
(1) 
the Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) published on the 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day on a different screen page by another authorised 
distributor of the relevant Rate; 
(2) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the relevant Rate or the 
supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any such 
entity) responsible for supervising the relevant Rate or the administrator thereof; or 
(3) 
the Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) last provided or 
published by the relevant administrator; or 
(4) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the Relevant 
Agent on a date determined by the Relevant Agent for a representative amount (and, 
where relevant, with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market) and, 
if applicable, for a term equal to the designated maturity, calculated in the manner 
determined by the Relevant Agent. 
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Disrupted Days, then the adjustment provisions above prevail and reference to "for all of the 
Underlyings" in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or 
Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants 
or Exercisable Certificates shall be construed not to include any Underlying that is a Rate. 
(d) 
Cut-off Valuation Date 
If the Valuation Date for a Rate determined as provided above would otherwise fall on a day 
falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate prior to the date on which a 
relevant payment is scheduled to be made under the Securities (the "Cut-off Valuation Date"), 
such Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date (notwithstanding that 
such date either (A) is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate; or (B) is a Disrupted Day 
for such Rate) and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e)(ii) (Adjustments 
to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in 
respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates or Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(e)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying 
Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates shall 
apply in respect thereof.

--- Page 680 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
654 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Preference Share". Securities linked to Preference Shares shall only be issued by CGMFL or CGMHI. 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Preference Shares. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Early Termination Notice" means a notice from the Preference Share Company that the 
Preference Shares are to be redeemed early. 
"Preference Share" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Preference Share Company" means the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Preference Share Condition" means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Preference Share, any Business Day. 
2. 
Valuation 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Preference Share and a Valuation Date, the 
fair market value of such Preference Share displayed on the relevant Electronic Page at the 
Valuation Time on such Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent using its 
internal models and methodologies and taking into account such factor(s) as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate, including, but not limited to: (i) the time remaining to maturity 
of such Preference Share, (ii) prevailing interest rates (including inter-bank rates and the rates 
at which the Issuer or its Affiliates would be able to borrow cash), (iii) the value of the 
Preference Share Underlying (s) and/or any future performance or expected volatility of such 
Preference Share Underlying(s) and (iv) any other information which the Calculation Agent 
determines relevant.  The Underlying Closing Level is scheduled to be published by the 
Preference Share Company on each Business Day on the Electronic Page specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or such other widely available replacement price source as is notified to 
the holder of the Preference Share Linked Securities in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices). 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Preference Share, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such 
time is so specified, 5:00 p.m. (London time). 
"Underlying Level" shall not apply in respect of a Preference Share. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day shall not apply in respect of a Preference Share and the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2 (Underlying Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for 
Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities) shall be construed accordingly. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
No Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Preference Share and the provisions 
of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Adjustment Events) shall not apply. 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, the following Additional Early Termination 
Events shall apply in respect of a Preference Share:

--- Page 681 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
655 
 
(a) 
Corporate Action  
"Corporate Action" means any event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Preference Shares. 
(b) 
Insolvency  
"Insolvency" means, in respect of the Preference Share Company, that either (i) by reason of 
the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of 
or any analogous proceeding affecting the Preference Share Company, (A) all the Preference 
Shares of the Preference Share Company are required to be transferred to an Insolvency Officer; 
or (B) holders of Preference Shares of the Preference Share Company become legally prohibited 
from transferring such Preference Shares; or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the 
Preference Share Company. 
"Insolvency Officer" means, an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
"Insolvency Event" means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) such entity causes or is subject to any event which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) 
to (vi) above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a 
regulator, supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or 
in the jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(c) 
Merger Event 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any Preference Shares, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Preference Shares which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Preference Shares outstanding to another 
entity or person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Preference 
Share Company with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange in which the Preference Share Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such 
Preference Shares outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Preference Shares of the Preference Share Company, which results in a transfer of or

--- Page 682 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
656 
 
an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Preference Shares (other than those 
Preference Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Preference 
Share Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Preference 
Share Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in the reclassification 
or change of all such Preference Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding 
Preference Shares (other than those Preference Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per 
cent. of the outstanding Preference Shares immediately following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the last occurring Valuation Date in respect of 
the Securities. For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, 
where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, 
such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(d) 
Nationalisation 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of the Preference Share Company, that all the Preference 
Shares or all the assets or substantially all the assets of the Preference Share Company are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(e) 
Tender Offer 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of the Preference Share Company, a takeover offer, tender 
offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in 
such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by 
conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding voting shares of the Preference Share Company, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, based on the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such 
other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(f) 
Preference Share Early Termination Event 
"Preference Share Early Termination Event" means the event that occurs if the Issuer has 
received an Early Termination Notice. 
(g) 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging shall be Additional Early 
Termination Events and not Adjustment Events.  
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(k) (Correction of published or 
announced prices or levels) shall not apply in respect of a Preference Share. 
(b) 
Issue Date 
The Issue Date of any Preference Share Linked Securities shall be either (i) the date specified, 
or (ii) the number of Business Days following the Initial Preference Share Reference Date, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of this Preference Share Condition 6(b) (Issue Date): 
"Initial Preference Share Reference Date " shall be the date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT, if any date used for the valuation or any determination of any 
Preference Share Underlying (or any part thereof) falling on or about any such date is delayed 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Share by reason of a non-

--- Page 683 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
657 
 
scheduled trading day, a disrupted day or the occurrence of an adjustment event (howsoever 
described in the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares), the Initial Preference Share 
Reference Date shall be the last delayed date on which any such valuation or determination is 
made, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
(c) 
Issuer Call, Investor Put and Optional Redemption Amounts  
Securities that are to be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer pursuant to General Condition 
6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) may be redeemed in whole but not in part.  For the 
purposes of such redemption, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be determined as provided 
below. 
General Condition 6(g) (Redemption at the Option of holders of Securities) shall not apply in 
respect Preference Share Linked Securities. 
For the purposes of this Preference Share Condition 6(c) (Issuer Call, Investor Put and Optional 
Redemption Amounts): 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means an amount per Security (in the case of a Note, 
representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) determined on the same basis 
as the Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount (as defined in the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule) except that, for the purposes of this definition, "Final Reference Level" 
means the Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Underlying on the Optional 
Redemption Valuation Date.  
"Optional Redemption Valuation Date" means the date or, if such day is on which the 
Securities are to be redeemed early or such earlier date determined by the Calculation Agent 
solely for the purposes of allowing the calculation of the Underlying Closing Level of the 
Preference Share prior to the redemption of the Securities and such date shall be deemed to be 
a Valuation Date for the purpose of the Conditions. 
(d) 
Early Termination for tax reasons or illegality, following an Event of Default or following an 
Early Termination Event and the Early Termination Amount 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Securities are to be redeemed (i) for tax 
reasons or for illegality in accordance with General Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons and Redemption for Illegality), (ii) following the occurrence of an Obligor Regulatory 
Event in accordance with General Condition 6(c) (Early termination following the occurrence 
of an Obligor Regulatory Event) above, (iii) following the occurrence of an Event of Default in 
accordance with General Condition 11 (Events of Default) or (iv) following the occurrence of 
any Early Termination Event in respect of a Preference Share in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(i) (Early Termination Events), then the Early Termination Amount shall 
be determined as provided below. 
For the purposes of this Preference Share Condition 6(d) (Early Termination for tax reasons or 
illegality, following an Event of Default or following an Early Termination Event and the Early 
Termination Amount): 
"Early Termination Amount" means an amount per Security (in the case of a Note, 
representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) determined on the same basis 
as the Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount (as defined in the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule) except that, for the purposes of this definition, "Final Reference Level" 
means the Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Underlying on the Early Termination 
Valuation Date. 
Early Termination Valuation Date means the date on which the Securities are to be redeemed 
early or such earlier date determined by the Calculation Agent solely for the purposes of 
allowing the calculation of the Underlying Closing Level of the Preference Share prior to the 
redemption of the Securities. Such date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes 
of the Conditions.

--- Page 684 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
658 
 
(e) 
Realisation Disruption 
If "Realisation Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Realisation Disruption Event occurs, such Realisation Disruption Event shall be deemed to be 
an Early Termination Event and the Issuer may redeem the Securities pursuant to Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(i) (Early Termination Events) and Preference Share Condition 6(d) 
(Early Termination for tax reasons or illegality, following an Event of Default or following an 
Early Termination Event and the Early Termination Amount) and the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(j) (Realisation Disruption) shall not apply to the Securities. 
(f) 
Redenomination 
General Condition 18 (Redenomination) shall not apply in respect of Preference Share Linked 
Securities. 
(g) 
Taxation 
General Condition 9 (Taxation) shall not apply in respect of Preference Share Linked Securities 
insofar as it would require the Issuer or (if applicable) Guarantor to pay additional interest as 
described therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, this Preference Share Condition 6(g) is without prejudice to the 
ability of the Issuer to redeem any such Preference Share Linked Securities in accordance with 
General Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons and Redemption for Illegality) and 
the reference therein to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor being 
obligated to pay additional interest shall be construed as a reference to the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor being obligated to pay additional interest in the absence of 
this Preference Share Condition 6(g).

--- Page 685 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
659 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to Notes which are specified to be Credit Linked Notes in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE 
ENTITY)  
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
For the avoidance of doubt, this introduction to the Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
Frequently Asked Questions (including the worked examples set out in the Annex (Worked Examples in 
respect of Credit Linked Notes (2014 Reference Entity)) to this Part A) shall not form part of the Credit 
Linked Conditions. 
The questions and answers set out below and the worked examples set out in the Annex (Worked 
Examples in respect of Credit Linked Notes (2014 Reference Entity)) to this PART A highlight selected 
information and provide practical examples to help prospective investors understand the Credit Linked 
Notes. However, any decision to invest in the Credit Linked Notes should only be made after careful 
consideration of the Base Prospectus and the relevant General Conditions in their entirety, particularly 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes set out in the Credit Linked Conditions (2014 
Reference Entity), as completed by the applicable Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or 
supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable. This section should be treated as an 
introduction to certain terms of the Credit Linked Notes. It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a 
summary of, the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Unless otherwise defined in the Base Prospectus, capitalised terms in relation to the following questions 
and answers shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference 
Entity). 
INTRODUCTION TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
What are Credit Linked Notes? 
Credit Linked Notes are debt securities, the value of which is linked to the credit risk of one or more 
Reference Entities. The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which investors will receive on 
the Credit Linked Notes is dependent on whether certain Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, 
occur in respect of any relevant Reference Entity to which the Credit Linked Notes are linked.  
In purchasing the Credit Linked Notes, investors are assuming credit risk exposure to each Reference 
Entity (and possible successors thereof). A Credit Linked Note is broadly intended to give the investor 
access to a credit default swap referencing certain Reference Entit(y)(ies) in funded format. Therefore, 
many of the features and risks applicable to a market standard credit default swap referencing the relevant 
Reference Entit(y)(ies) will be equally applicable to the Credit Linked Notes. 
By investing in the Credit Linked Notes, the investor will be a seller of credit protection (and hence a 
buyer of credit risk), while the Issuer will be a buyer of credit protection (and therefore a seller of credit 
risk). 
What is credit risk? 
Credit risk with respect to a Reference Entity is the risk that the Reference Entity fails to perform its 
obligations under certain borrowed money, bond or loan (as applicable) obligations, a specified reference 
obligation of the Reference Entity or the risk that the Reference Entity enters into bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceedings. Borrowed money obligations include any incurred loan obligations of the 
Reference Entity, obligations under any debt securities issued by the Reference Entity and certain 
qualifying guarantees of the Reference Entity related to such borrowed money obligations. In addition, 
failure to perform with respect to certain specified reference obligations will also be captured.  
The failure of the Reference Entity to perform its obligations is generally (but not exclusively) as a result 
of a deterioration of its financial condition.

--- Page 686 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
660 
 
The financial condition and creditworthiness of a Reference Entity may change over time. Public 
information which is available in relation to a Reference Entity may be incomplete, misleading or out of 
date. The identity of each Reference Entity is subject to change as a result of successions where there are 
debt transfers or where another entity issues bonds or incurs a loan obligation in exchange for bonds or 
loans of the Reference Entity. The risks associated with a successor Reference Entity may be greater than 
the risks associated with the original Reference Entity. 
If the Credit Linked Notes are linked to multiple Reference Entities, the probability that a Credit Event 
will occur may be increased. The credit risk to investors may further be increased if the Reference Entities 
are concentrated in a particular industry sector or geographic area, or if they have exposure to similar 
financial or other risks. 
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and an ordinary debt security? 
Credit Linked Notes are similar to an ordinary debt security in that they provide the investor with a 
regular stream of interest payments, if applicable, and the return of par or a premium (in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes that are Zero Coupon Notes) on maturity in the ordinary course. However, Credit 
Linked Notes have the added feature not present in ordinary debt securities of an exposure to the credit 
of one or more Reference Entities. If a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, occurs in relation to 
the relevant Reference Entity, an investor may lose all or part of its investment in the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
What is the difference between Credit Linked Notes and a bond issued by the Reference Entity? 
Credit Linked Notes give an investor exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entity without having 
to own a bond, loan or other type of borrowed money obligation of such Reference Entity. The Reference 
Entity itself is not a party to and has no direct involvement in the Credit Linked Notes and an investor 
will not be able to claim against the Reference Entity or Issuer for any losses it suffers from a Credit 
Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity. The investor will also not 
have any interest in, or rights under, any obligation of such Reference Entity. An investment in Credit 
Linked Notes is not equivalent to an investment in the obligations of a Reference Entity.  
The Issuer is not obliged to hold any obligation of the Reference Entity or otherwise have credit risk 
exposure to the Reference Entity. In addition to the credit risk of the relevant Reference Entity to which 
the Credit Linked Notes are linked, an investor will also be exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and/or 
Guarantor, as applicable. Therefore, even if the Reference Entity is performing well, an investor may 
still suffer a loss if the Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's, as applicable, creditworthiness declines.  
How do changes in share prices of any Reference Entity affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes? 
Taking credit risk on the Reference Entity by purchasing Credit Linked Notes is different from taking 
equity risk by investing in shares of the Reference Entity. There are a number of reasons for this. For 
example: 
(a) 
the Credit Linked Notes reference borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity or 
specified guarantees of the Reference Entity in respect of borrowed money obligations, and a 
Reference Entity must generally pay amounts due to the creditors on these debt obligations 
before paying dividends or capital to shareholders; 
(b) 
the obligations of the Reference Entity referenced by the Credit Linked Notes consist of 
borrowed money obligations or specified guarantees of the Reference Entity in respect of 
borrowed money obligations; holders of this type of debt will generally rank ahead of holders 
of ordinary shares in the insolvency of a Reference Entity, and so may have (but are not 
guaranteed) a higher rate of recovery of moneys due to them; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes reference these borrowed money obligations and accordingly, the 
market value of the Credit Linked Notes is related to (although not necessarily equal to) the 
value of these borrowed money obligations; and 
(d) 
there is no direct link between share prices and the value of the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 687 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
661 
 
However, in some circumstances, change in the share price of the Reference Entity may result in or from, 
at a general level, a change in the market value of its debt and vice versa. 
KEY REGULATORY CONCEPTS RELEVANT TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
What is ISDA? 
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") is a trade organisation of 
participants in the market for over-the-counter derivatives. It is headquartered in New York, and is 
responsible for creating standardised contracts such as the ISDA Master Agreement and the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions and a wide range of related documentation, that are used to enter into 
derivatives transactions. Definitions, confirmations and other documents and information published by 
ISDA are available on ISDA's website: https://www.isda.org/ (or any successor website thereto). Certain 
publications are available free of charge while others are available to subscribers of the website only. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, ISDA has over 900 member institutions from over 70 countries. 
These members include a broad range of over-the-counter derivatives market participants.  
What is a Credit Event? 
A Credit Event is, broadly speaking, an event which may be, but is not necessarily, regarded as being 
indicative of a default or material decline in the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity, which also 
includes bankruptcy in the case of a corporate Reference Entity. 
Credit Events are determined by reference to, in the context of a bankruptcy, the relevant Reference 
Entity itself and, in other cases, certain eligible types of obligations of such Reference Entity (including 
certain qualifying guarantees of the Reference Entity in relation to such obligations) which, in relation 
to the Credit Linked Notes, include loans, debt securities or other borrowed money obligations of the 
Reference Entity or specified reference obligations ("Obligations").  
The Credit Events relevant to the Credit Linked Notes are any of the following events with respect to the 
Reference Entity, which will apply to a Credit Linked Note if specified or elected by reference to a 
specified transaction type in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
"Failure to Pay": a failure by the Reference Entity to pay amounts when due under its 
Obligations (after the expiry of any applicable grace period), where the failure to pay relates to 
an amount greater than a pre-determined minimum amount and where the "2019 NTCE 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)" and "Credit 
Deterioration Requirement" are applicable, the failure to pay results from a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness of the Reference Entity; 
(b) 
"Bankruptcy": a bankruptcy or insolvency procedure in respect of the Reference Entity; 
(c) 
"Restructuring": a restructuring of an Obligation of the Reference Entity which amends key 
terms of that Obligation as to reduction in repayment of principal or payment of interest 
thereunder, postponement in the payment of principal or interest, the changes in the ranking of 
the instrument causing subordination or resulting in redenomination into certain hard currencies 
in a form that binds all holders of the obligation and such event is not expressly provided for in 
the terms of the instrument where the event results from, directly or indirectly, a deterioration 
in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity; 
(d) 
"Obligation Acceleration": the acceleration of an Obligation of the Reference Entity before it 
would otherwise be due and payable in respect of a pre-determined minimum amount; 
(e) 
"Obligation Default": an Obligation of the Reference Entity in respect of a pre-determined 
minimum amount becomes capable of being declared due and payable before it would otherwise 
be due and payable; 
(f) 
"Repudiation/Moratorium": the Reference Entity repudiates an Obligation in respect of a pre-
determined minimum amount or imposes a moratorium in respect of an Obligation in respect of 
such minimum amount and a failure to pay or a restructuring under such obligation subsequently 
occurs within a specified time period, without regard to any pre-determined amount; or

--- Page 688 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
662 
 
(g) 
"Governmental Intervention": an event which would result in the reduction or postponement 
of payment of principal or interest or change in ranking of priority in the instrument causing 
subordination, an expropriation of or the mandatory cancellation of an Obligation as the result 
of an action taken or announcement made by a Governmental Authority in a form which is 
binding regardless of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of the 
instrument. This event is applicable only where each of "Financial Reference Entity" terms and 
"2014 Reference Entity" are stated to be applicable in the Issue Terms. 
What Credit Events apply to the Credit Linked Notes? 
In respect of each issue of Credit Linked Notes, the types of Credit Events which may apply in relation 
to the specified Reference Entity will vary depending on the identity of each Reference Entity and will 
be determined by reference to market standards that will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Typically, certain terms of the Credit Linked Notes, for example the maturity and the price of credit 
protection purchased will be subject to negotiation between the parties. However, many key terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes – for example, the applicable Credit Events – are typically determined by reference 
to a physical settlement matrix of market standard terms published by ISDA (the version of such matrix 
which is effective as at the Trade Date or Effective Date, as applicable, is referred to as the "Physical 
Settlement Matrix"). The Physical Settlement Matrix recognises a variety of standard terms based on 
the nature of the relevant Reference Entity (corporate, sovereign, etc.) and its location (EMEA (Europe, 
Middle East and Africa), Asia-Ex Japan, Japan, Latin America, North America etc.). As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Physical Settlement Matrix is available free of charge on ISDA's website at 
https://www.isda.org. 
The Issue Terms will specify a "Transaction Type" with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. Certain 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes, including Credit Events, will be determined by reference to the Physical 
Settlement Matrix for such "Transaction Type". Such terms may vary between particular series of Credit 
Linked Notes depending on the relevant "Transaction Type" which applies. Further, the Physical 
Settlement Matrix is updated regularly by ISDA and accordingly, different Series of Credit Linked Notes 
may refer to different versions of the Physical Settlement Matrix. 
What is a Risk Event and does it apply to all Credit Linked Notes? 
A Risk Event may be a Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event. While Credit Events cover the risks 
arising from the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity (see further "What is a Credit Event?" above), 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes to the extent that such events apply in the applicable Issue Terms. Additional Risk Events include, 
amongst other things, events that make it impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or prohibit, restrict or 
materially delay the ability of, any entity holding a loan or obligation to convert or repatriate currency or 
purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner of any such loan or obligation or affect 
the performance of custodial and settlement activities,  the occurrence of certain restructuring events in 
respect of Reference Assets, reductions in the fair market value of the Credit Linked Notes and/or (in the 
case of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes only) reductions in the liquidation value of the relevant 
basket of Reference Assets. 
The concept of a Risk Event is therefore specific to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. The types of Risk Events which may apply in relation to the 
specified Reference Entity will vary depending on the identity of each Reference Entity and the 
jurisdiction of such Reference Entity. 
When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Credit Linked Notes? 
A Credit Event may occur at any time during the period from, and including, the "Credit Event Backstop 
Date" to, and including, the Scheduled Maturity Date or such other date as is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
The Credit Event Backstop Date is typically intended to be a rolling date which is: 
(a) 
if a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (see further "What is the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and how does it affect the Credit Linked Notes (other

--- Page 689 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
663 
 
than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes)?" below) receives a request to resolve whether or not a Credit Event has occurred in 
relation to a Reference Entity (such date of request, the "Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date"), 60 calendar days prior to the date of such request; or  
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Credit Event has occurred in relation to any Reference 
Entity or an Obligation thereof and delivers an effective Credit Event Notice, and supporting 
information (if applicable), to the Issuer for delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Securityholders 
to that effect, when the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not going to consider 
the same, 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the effective delivery date of such Credit 
Event Notice (where it occurs during the notice delivery period) and (ii) the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date (where the effective delivery date of such Credit Event Notice occurs 
during the post dismissal additional period), subject to extension in certain circumstances. 
Instead of a rolling date, the Issue Date or Trade Date may be specified to be the Credit Event Backstop 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
When does a Risk Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
A Risk Event may occur at any time during the "Risk Event Determination Period", being a period 
commencing on the Issue Date or the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) and expiring on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
What are the event and payment timings which are relevant?  
(a) 
Event Timing: In order to determine the day on which an event occurs for the purposes of the 
Credit Linked Notes, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), 
irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight 
shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight.  
(b) 
Payment Timing: If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the 
case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment 
shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the 
time zone of its place of payment. 
Can a Credit Event occur prior to the Issue Date or the Trade Date? 
Yes. A Credit Event may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur 
prior to the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Securityholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the 
Reference Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to ISDA 
prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the Reference 
Entity, 
details 
of 
such 
request 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
ISDA 
website 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website thereto). 
When can a Credit Event or a Risk Event be triggered? 
A Credit Event may be bilaterally triggered with respect to the Reference Entity during the "Notice 
Delivery Period", being a period commencing on the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) and 
expiring 14 calendar days after the Extension Date. The Extension Date means the later of (a) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or (b) if a potential Credit Event, such as a Failure to Pay or 
Repudiation/Moratorium, has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Credit Linked 
Notes, which may become an actual Credit Event within a specified period following the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, the Grace Period Extension Date or the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Similarly, a Risk Event may be triggered with respect to the Reference Entity during the Risk Event 
Determination Period and such period may be pushed out in certain circumstances (see "When does a 
Risk Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes?" above). Accordingly, notwithstanding the occurrence of a

--- Page 690 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
664 
 
Scheduled Maturity Date, a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could be triggered after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
What is an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date? 
In order for Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed following a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, 
it is necessary for a relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, to have occurred. Depending on the circumstances, this may be the date on which a notice 
describing the occurrence of the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has been effectively delivered 
(together with, if applicable, a notice containing publicly available information confirming the 
occurrence of the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable), or, for Credit Linked Notes other than Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the date on 
which, amongst other things, it is publicly announced that a DC Credit Event Question was effective and 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of publicly available information 
with respect to such question, PROVIDED THAT certain conditions are satisfied. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Scheduled Maturity Date, an Event Determination 
Date could occur as a result of issues submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date where the date on which a DC Credit Event Question was effective 
and on which a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such question falls on or prior to the 14th day following the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or any Extension Date, as applicable.  
Can an Event Determination Date only occur if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
determines that one has occurred? 
No. The Calculation Agent and the Issuer may also deliver a Credit Event Notice to the Securityholder 
in relation to a Credit Event triggering an Event Determination Date (see "When can a Credit Event or a 
Risk Event be triggered?" above).  
An Event Determination Date may be bilaterally triggered following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
that is an M(M)R Restructuring. In other cases, although the Calculation Agent and the Issuer may trigger 
an Event Determination Date following the occurrence of a Credit Event it will only be able to do so if 
(a) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made a DC Credit Event Announcement or 
a DC No Credit Event Announcement; (b) it has some information to support its determination that a 
Credit Event has occurred and (c) (in circumstances where a Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
required to be provided) it cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event described in the Credit Event Notice. 
What is the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and how does it affect the Credit Linked 
Notes (other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes)? 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was established by ISDA in March 2009 to make 
determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote 
transparency and consistency. Securityholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee by virtue of the fact that they are investors in the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
Prospective Securityholders should note that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has the 
power to make binding decisions which the Calculation Agent may determine are applicable for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked Notes on critical issues, including: 
(a) 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and the standard Event Determination Date; 
(b) 
whether one or more Auctions will be held in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit 
Event has occurred; 
(c) 
if one or more Auctions are to be held, what Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity 
will be used for the purposes of determining the price for each such Auction and the relevant 
auction buckets which cover the various scheduled termination dates of transactions;

--- Page 691 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
665 
 
(d) 
the suitable methodology to be applied when determining the asset market value of any non-
financial instruments or instruments not capable of transfer or when asset package delivery will 
be cash settled; 
(e) 
the auction settlement terms;  
(f) 
the occurrence of a succession or succession event and the identity of any "Successors" (for 
details, see "Successors" below); and 
(g) 
suitable substitute Reference Obligations where a substitution event has occurred. 
Consequently, Securityholders will be bound by any such relevant decisions determined to be applicable 
to the Credit Linked Notes and the payments on the Credit Linked Notes and the timing of any such 
payments may be affected by such decisions or determinations. Questions referred to the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and the results of binding votes will be published by the DC 
Secretary on https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website thereto). 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are regional and there is a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for each of the following five regions: the Americas, Asia (excluding Japan), 
Australia and New Zealand, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Japan. The proceedings of 
each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be governed by rules published from time to 
time by the DC Secretary. A copy of such rules is available as at the date of this Base Prospectus free of 
charge at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website thereto). 
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is formed of ten voting dealer members, five voting 
buyside (non-dealer) members and three non-voting members (two dealers and one buyside). A Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee may also include as non-voting members one or more credit 
derivatives central clearing counterparties as observer members. Dealer institutions are selected for 
membership in accordance with the DC Rules published by the DC Secretary and certain trading volume 
data guidelines. 
With effect from 12 October 2018, DC Administration Services, Inc., a Delaware-incorporated 
subsidiary of ISDA was appointed by ISDA to act as the DC Secretary. The DC Secretary is responsible 
for various administrative tasks, including distributing questions submitted by eligible market 
participants to the relevant DC Members, convening DC meetings, and publishing the results of DC 
votes. The DC Secretary does not vote on whether Credit Events have occurred. 
SUMMARY OF DIFFERENT CREDIT PRODUCTS UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
What are the different types of Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme? 
If Credit Linked Notes are issued by way of Final Terms, the Credit Linked Notes may be Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes.  
(A) 
What are Single Name Credit Linked Notes? 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of only 
one Reference Entity specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Depending on the type of credit linkage specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes will be either Credit Linked Principal Notes (i.e. the occurrence of a Credit 
Event will impact the payment of principal and any interest under such Securities) or Credit 
Linked Interest Notes (i.e. the payment of Contingent Interest under such Securities will be 
contingent upon a Credit Event not occurring in respect of the Reference Entity and accordingly, 
the occurrence of a Credit Event will impact the accrual of Contingent Interest whereas the 
payment of any Non-Contingent Interest and principal will remain unaffected). 
For Credit Linked Principal Notes, unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and a relevant 
Event Determination Date occurs, then each Single Name Credit Linked Note will be redeemed

--- Page 692 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
666 
 
in full (or, where an M(M)R Restructuring occurs or multiple successors are identified, in part) 
by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where Physical Redemption 
applies, by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or any applicable cash amounts on 
the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.  
For Credit Linked Interest Notes, unless otherwise redeemed early in full, the occurrence of a 
Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date will not result in any early redemption 
of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes and each outstanding Single Name Credit Linked Note 
will instead be scheduled to redeem at maturity (see "When will the Credit Linked Notes be 
redeemed if no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs?" below). The Contingent Interest payable 
under such Securities will cease to accrue (in full or in part), for which see "Interest Specific 
Provisions" below. 
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor 
provisions.  
(B) 
What are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance 
of a basket with two or more Reference Entities, although such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes are exposed to the credit risk of only the "nth" Reference Entity specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. For example, if "n" is five, then redemption will only arise after a Credit 
Event has occurred with respect to five of the Reference Entities in the basket, and then only 
with respect to that fifth Reference Entity. As such, if one or more Credit Events occur in respect 
of Reference Entities other than the nth Reference Entity, redemption of the Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes will not be triggered.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of the nth Reference Entity, then each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note will 
be redeemed in full (or, where an M(M)R Restructuring occurs or multiple successors are 
identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where 
Physical Redemption applies, by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or any 
applicable cash amounts on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.  
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of the nth 
Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor 
provisions. 
(C) 
What are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of a 
basket of Reference Entities specified in the applicable Issue Terms and are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to the weighting specified for such 
Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket, then each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the weighting of the affected Reference 
Entity, by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where Physical 
Redemption applies, by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or any applicable cash 
amounts on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date. Redemption will be effected in 
accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions, where applicable.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.

--- Page 693 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
667 
 
(D) 
What are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of an Index specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Index 
may be either an iTraxx® Index or a CDX® Index. The Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant Index in proportion to the 
weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the Index, then each Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Note will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the weighting of the affected Reference 
Entity, by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount on the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant M(M)R 
Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(E) 
What are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of an Index specified in the applicable Issue Terms, although 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are only exposed to the incurred losses and 
redemptions are effected with respect to incurred recoveries (if any) in respect of a specified 
tranche of that Index. Such Index may be either an iTraxx® Index or a CDX® Index. Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes are accordingly exposed to the credit risk of each Reference 
Entity in the relevant Index in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity 
in the applicable Issue Terms, to the extent that losses suffered by the affected Reference Entities 
fall within such prescribed tranche. 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the Index, then each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note will be written down and/or redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the incurred loss 
and/or incurred recovery suffered in respect of the affected Reference Entity (to the extent that 
any such incurred loss and incurred recovery falls within the prescribed tranche) with payment 
of any incurred recovery (i.e. the Index Tranched Redemption Amount) being made on the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant 
M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(F) 
What are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of a bespoke basket specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
although such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are only exposed to the incurred losses 
and redemptions are effected with respect to incurred recoveries (if any) in respect of a specified 
tranche of that basket. Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are accordingly exposed to the 
credit risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant basket in proportion to the weighting 
specified for such Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms, to the extent that losses 
suffered by the affected Reference Entities fall within such prescribed tranche. 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket, then each Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Note will be written down and/or redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the incurred loss 
and/or incurred recovery suffered in respect of the affected Reference Entity (to the extent that

--- Page 694 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
668 
 
any such incurred loss and incurred recovery falls within the prescribed tranche) with payment 
of any incurred recovery (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount) being made on the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant 
M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(G) 
What are Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes?  
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the 
performance of Reference Investor Assets of only one Reference Entity specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, where such Reference Entity is a sovereign of, or a corporate in, a local 
access jurisdiction and where such Reference Investor Assets are held by a Reference Investor 
in such local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, in addition to exposure to the credit risk of the 
Reference Entity, an investment in Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes involves 
additional risks associated with such local access jurisdictions, including potential risks of 
volatility, governmental intervention and the lack of a developed system of law.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Risk Event and a relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs then each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full (or 
where multiple successors are identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.  
Multiple Risk Events and related Risk Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant Successor provisions.  
(H) 
What are Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes?  
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
Reference Investor Assets of two or more Reference Entities specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, where such Reference Entities are sovereigns of, or corporates in, a local access 
jurisdiction and where such Reference Investor Assets are held by a Reference Investor in such 
local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are not only 
exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to the weighting 
specified for such Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms but also to additional risks 
associated with local access jurisdictions.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Risk Event and a relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket (not affecting the other 
Reference Entities in the basket), then each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note will be 
redeemed in full (if "Redemption in Full" applies) or in part (if "Redemption in Part" applies) 
to reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference Entity. Redemption will be 
effected in accordance with the relevant Successor provisions, where applicable.  
Multiple Risk Events, and therefore multiple Risk Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Risk Events and related Risk Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant Successor provisions. 
PAYOUTS UNDER CREDIT LINKED NOTES – KEY TIMINGS AND AMOUNTS 
What are the different timings for payouts that are contemplated under the Credit Linked Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on whether 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes occurs:  
(a) 
in the usual course, at maturity (see further "When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if 
no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs?" below);

--- Page 695 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
669 
 
(b) 
in instalments (see further "Where "Redemption by Instalments" applies, when will Credit 
Linked Notes be redeemed if no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs?" below); 
(c) 
pursuant to the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable (see further, "What 
is "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event"?" below);  
(d) 
at maturity, despite the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable (see further, 
"What is "Credit Payment on Maturity"?" below); or 
(e) 
pursuant to the occurrence of an event (other than a Credit Event or a Risk Event) triggering 
early redemption (see further "When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early?" 
below).  
(A) 
When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs? 
If no Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has occurred, 
and PROVIDED THAT the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early or 
repurchased and cancelled, each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (which may in certain circumstances have been extended) (see further "What will 
Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed early?" below). 
(B) 
Where "Redemption by Instalments" applies, when will Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if 
no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs? 
If "Redemption by Instalments" applies and no Event Determination Date or Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, has occurred, and PROVIDED THAT the Credit Linked 
Notes are not otherwise redeemed early or repurchased and cancelled, each Credit Linked Note 
will be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date and in full on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
(which may in certain circumstances have been extended) (see further "What will 
Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed early?" below). 
(C) 
What is "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk 
Event"? 
"Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event", as 
applicable, refers to where a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, occurs with respect to 
a Reference Entity (or the nth Reference Entity, in case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes) and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
occurs as a result and redemption follows such Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable (see 
further "What will Securityholders receive if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or 
"Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies?" below). For Single Name Credit Linked Notes, 
this will apply to Credit Linked Principal Notes only. 
(D) 
What is "Credit Payment on Maturity"? 
"Credit Payment on Maturity" refers to where a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, 
occurs with respect to a Reference Entity (or the nth Reference Entity, in case of Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes) and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, occurs as a result, but redemption (and accordingly, payment of the relevant 
redemption amounts) occurs only at maturity (see further "What will Securityholders receive if 
"Credit Payment on Maturity" applies?" below). For Single Name Credit Linked Notes, this 
will apply to Credit Linked Principal Notes only. 
(E) 
When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Issuer may redeem the Credit Linked Notes early in full, other than where a Credit Event 
or a Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred, if (i) certain tax events occur with respect to the 
Credit Linked Notes, (ii) certain events occur which make it unlawful for the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Guarantor to perform certain obligations or comply with material provisions of 
agreements entered into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes, (iii) certain events occur 
which materially restrict the Issuer's and/or relevant Guarantor's ability to perform certain 
obligations in connection with the Credit Linked Notes or cause the Issuer and/or the relevant

--- Page 696 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
670 
 
Guarantor to be subject to less favourable capital adequacy treatment or suffer increased costs 
with respect to the Notes, (iv) certain early termination events occur in respect of relevant 
Underlying(s) or the Notes (see further "When will an early termination event occur?" below), 
(v) certain Events of Default occur, (vi) the Issuer elects to exercise its call option in respect of 
the Credit Linked Notes (if "Issuer Call" is applicable), (vii) in certain cases and if applicable, 
following an Administrator/Benchmark Event or certain other benchmark events, (viii) a 
Realisation Disruption Event occurs, (ix) a  RMB Disruption Event occurs, (x) a Merger Event 
occurs or (xi) if the Reference Obligation (in respect of a Reference Entity to which "Reference 
Obligation Only" applies) is redeemed in whole prior to its scheduled maturity date (see further 
"What will Securityholders receive if the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes early (other 
than due to a Credit Event or a Risk Event)?" below). 
When will an early termination event occur? 
An early termination event may occur where, among other things, (a) certain events have occurred and 
the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made to the 
Conditions to account for the effect of such event, (b) the Issuer and/or Guarantors become subject to 
any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code with respect to the 
Notes or a hedging disruption early termination event occurs, (c) in respect of certain Notes, certain 
events relating to Underlying(s) and/or hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes occur, in each case, 
where applicable in respect of the Notes.  
Can Securityholders elect to redeem their Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Securityholders do not have a right to require the Issuer to redeem their Notes early. 
What are Securityholders expected to receive pursuant to the different payouts contemplated under 
the Credit Linked Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on when 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes occurs. 
(A) 
What will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed early? 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early or purchased and cancelled, 
the amount payable in respect of each Credit Linked Note that is redeemed in full on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date will be an amount equal to par or at a premium (in the case of Credit 
Linked Notes that are Zero Coupon Notes).  
Where "Redemption by Instalments" applies and the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise 
redeemed early in full or purchased and cancelled, the amount payable in respect of each Credit 
Linked Note shall be (i) the related Instalment Redemption Amount on each Instalment Date 
and (ii) the final Instalment Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date, the sum of 
which shall be an amount equal to par or at a premium (in the case of Credit Linked Notes that 
are Zero Coupon Notes). 
(B) 
What will Securityholders receive if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit 
Payment following Risk Event" applies? 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event", as 
applicable, apply and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurs, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount (see further, "What is the Credit Event Redemption Amount?" below), with no further 
payment of principal or interest, if applicable, on the proportion of the Credit Linked Notes 
affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable (see further "What interest payments 
will Securityholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event?" below). 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is likely to be less than the par value of the Credit Linked 
Notes and may even be zero. 
(C) 
What will Securityholders receive if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies?

--- Page 697 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
671 
 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, interest will cease to accrue on, or be payable in 
respect of, such portion of the Credit Linked Notes affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event, 
as applicable. This will not affect any interest payable on the remaining portion of the Credit 
Linked Notes unaffected by such Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. Further, the Credit 
Payment on Maturity Amount (which reflects the incurred recoveries to be paid at maturity) 
will accrue interest based on the funding interest rate specified in the Issue Terms (see further 
"What interest payments will Securityholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or 
a Risk Event?" below). The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed only at maturity in an amount 
equal to the Credit Event Redemption Amount (see further, "What is the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount?" below). The Credit Event Redemption Amount is likely to be less than 
the par value of the Credit Linked Notes and may even be zero. 
(D) 
What will Securityholders receive if the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes early (other 
than due to a Credit Event or a Risk Event)? 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early in full (other than where a Credit Event, Risk 
Event, Merger Event or redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation has occurred), the 
Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the Early Termination Date or Optional Redemption 
Date, as applicable, by payment of an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as applicable, with no further payment of principal or interest, 
if applicable, due in respect of such Credit Linked Notes. The Early Termination Amount is an 
amount determined with respect to the Credit Linked Notes in the Settlement Currency which 
is typically equal to the fair market value of such notes or the principal amount of such notes 
(together with any unpaid interest). The Optional Redemption Amount is an amount specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where applicable, in the case of a Merger Event, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on 
the Early Termination Date by payment of the Merger Redemption Amount. The Merger 
Redemption Amount may be equal to either (x) the relevant Early Termination Amount or (y) 
an amount equal to the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes less any unwind costs, and will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, except that 
where the Notes are redeemed in part, such amounts shall be determined by reference to the 
proportional principal amount of the Notes being redeemed only. 
In the case of redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation (where "Reference Obligation 
Only" applies), each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed on the Substitution Event Date by 
payment of the Substitution Event Redemption Amount. The Substitution Event Redemption 
Amount is an amount determined with respect to the Credit Linked Notes in the Settlement 
Currency which is typically equal to the fair market value of such notes, less any unwind costs, 
except that where the Notes are redeemed in part, such amounts shall be determined by reference 
to the proportional principal amount of the Notes being redeemed only. 
REDEMPTION MECHANICS UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
What is the Applicable Proportion? 
The Applicable Proportion represents such proportion of the aggregate notional amount of a Credit 
Linked Note that is affected by a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, and is used for determining 
the amounts payable or to be written down and/or redeemed following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
or a Risk Event, as applicable, as well as for calculating the interest payable on such Credit Linked Notes. 
The calculation of the Applicable Proportion depends on the nature of the Credit Linked Notes, the type 
of Credit Event resulting in redemption (including whether the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring 
or not) and whether the Successor provisions are relevant (see further "Successors" below): 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of the Outstanding Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Note and:

--- Page 698 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
672 
 
(i) 
100 per cent. (where redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring or 
pursuant to multiple successors being identified);  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, 
divided by the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes 
(where redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring); or  
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Single Name Partial Nominal 
Amount, divided by the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit 
Linked Notes (where redemption is not pursuant to an M(M)R Restructuring and where 
partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of the succession provisions).  
(B) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes will be equal to 
the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit Linked Note and: 
(i) 
100 per cent. (where redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring or 
pursuant to multiple successors being identified);  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes 
(where redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring); or  
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal 
Amount, divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes (where redemption is not pursuant to an M(M)R Restructuring and where partial 
redemption occurs pursuant to application of the succession provisions).  
(C) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and: 
(i) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes (where redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring or pursuant to 
multiple successors being identified);  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes 
(where redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring); or  
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Linear Basket Partial Nominal 
Amount or Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount, as applicable, divided by the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where redemption 
is not pursuant to an M(M)R Restructuring and where partial redemption occurs 
pursuant to the succession provisions).  
(D) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the relevant Principal Write-
down Amount, divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes.  
(E) 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes

--- Page 699 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
673 
 
The Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal 
to the product of the Outstanding Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Note and: 
(i) 
100 per cent. (where redemption is not pursuant to multiple successors being 
identified); or 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Local Access Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such 
Credit Linked Notes (where partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of the 
succession provisions).  
(F) 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes  
The Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of the Outstanding Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Note and: 
(i) 
if "Redemption in Full" applies to such Credit Linked Notes, 100 per cent. (where 
redemption is not pursuant to multiple successors being identified); 
(ii) 
if "Redemption in Part" applies to such Credit Linked Notes, an amount (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of 
the relevant Affected Reference Entity immediately prior to the Relevant Risk Event, 
divided by the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes 
(where redemption is not pursuant to multiple successors being identified); or 
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Local Access Basket Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such 
Credit Linked Notes (where partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of the 
succession provisions). 
What are the different methods of redemption? 
The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the Credit Event Redemption Method 
elected for by the Issuer (and specified in the Issue Terms), PROVIDED THAT the Fallback Redemption 
Method, also specified in the applicable Issue Terms, will apply where the elected Credit Event 
Redemption Method cannot be applied. 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption 
may be selected as the Credit Event Redemption Method, with a fallback for either Cash 
Redemption or Physical Redemption. Although a Credit Event Redemption Method may be 
specified for Credit Linked Interest Notes, such Securities will not be early redeemed following 
a Credit Event. No fallback redemption method will be applicable to Credit Linked Interest 
Notes. 
(B) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption may be selected as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, with the only fallback being Cash Redemption. Physical 
Redemption is not relevant for these types of Credit Linked Notes. 
(C) 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
"LA Cash Redemption", "LA Physical Redemption" or "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" may 
be selected as the Risk Event Redemption Method. There is no prescribed fallback for such 
product. Auction Redemption is not relevant for these types of Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 700 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
674 
 
What is the Credit Event Redemption Amount? 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is the cash amount that is payable to the Securityholders on an 
early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, 
as applicable, and is broadly indicative of the recoveries in respect of such Credit Linked Notes.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount depends on the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method or 
Fallback Redemption Method, the nature of the Credit Linked Notes and the timing for payment: 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes which are Credit Linked Principal Notes, Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes 
For such Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be the Auction 
Redemption Amount (where Auction Redemption is applicable), the Cash Redemption Amount 
(where Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable) or if "Credit Payment 
on Maturity" is applicable, the Final Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the recovery price of certain 
deliverables determined in the relevant auction on the auction final price determination date or 
eligible obligations ("Valuation Obligations") of the Reference Entity on a specified date 
(being the final price determination date) following the occurrence of a Credit Event with 
respect to such Reference Entity. With respect to the Credit Linked Notes which are subject to 
Cash Redemption, the eligible obligations shall be one or more obligations, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent, that are either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance with elections made in the 
applicable Issue Terms. The price of such eligible obligations will be determined on the basis 
of bid quotations received by the Calculation Agent from dealers.  
(B) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes will be the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, or if "Credit Payment on Maturity" is 
applicable, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount, as applicable.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, which in 
turn, in each case, requires the Recovery Amount to be determined. The Recovery Amount is 
based on the recovery price of the Deliverable Obligations which may be determined by an 
Auction or, where Cash Redemption applies, on the basis of bid quotations for Valuation 
Obligations received by the Calculation Agent from dealers.  
(C) 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, will be the LA Cash 
Redemption Amount (where LA Cash Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption is 
applicable) or if "Credit Payment on Maturity" is applicable, the Final LA Cash Redemption 
Amount. 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the price of certain specified 
eligible assets of the Reference Entity on a specified date following the occurrence of a Risk 
Event with respect to such Reference Entity. With respect to Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the eligible assets shall be one or 
more assets that are either assets issued by the Reference Entity (and as specified in the Issue 
Terms) or assets selected by the Calculation Agent that would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance with elections made in the 
applicable Issue Terms. The price of such eligible assets shall be determined on the basis of the

--- Page 701 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
675 
 
highest bid quotation received by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers or if no such 
bid quotation is provided, by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion.  
How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Auction Redemption applies? 
If Auction Redemption applies, the Auction Redemption Amount or the Recovery Amount (which is 
necessary to determine in order to calculate the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio 
Tranched Redemption Amount), as applicable, will be determined by reference to a price determined by 
way of a credit derivatives auction administered by the auction administrators based on the auction 
settlement terms published by the DC Secretary (an "Auction"). The Auction will involve a bidding 
process by institutions participating in the relevant Auction, pursuant to a bidding procedure set under 
the relevant auction settlement terms, to establish the value of the eligible obligations (the "Deliverable 
Obligations") of the relevant Reference Entity. Deliverable Obligations mean obligations of the 
Reference Entity which satisfy certain specified "Deliverable Obligation Categories" and "Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics" which are on the Final List as published by the DC Secretary. The Issuer or 
one or more of its affiliates may act as a participating bidder in any such Auction and may submit bids 
and offers with respect to the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity.  
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes which are Credit Linked Principal Notes, Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes 
If Auction Redemption applies, the Auction Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) the price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such 
Reference Entity, minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs.  
(B) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, is an amount representing each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount 
equal to (1) the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount (being the recovery in respect of such Credit Linked Notes which falls within 
the specified tranche), minus (2) any unwind costs. Accordingly, in order to determine the Index 
Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount, as applicable, needs to be calculated, which in turn, in each case, requires the Recovery 
Amount to be determined. If Auction Redemption applies, the Recovery Amount will be equal 
to the product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity 
(and, in case of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Exercise Amount) and (2) the recovery price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such 
Reference Entity.  
The auction price is likely to be lower than the par value of the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and will be reflective of a loss experienced by the holder of such Deliverable Obligations. 
Moreover, the price is likely to reflect the lowest prevailing market value of any Deliverable Obligation. 
The lower the auction price, the greater the amount retained by the Issuer to make whole the loss suffered 
by it (as buyer of credit protection) and thus the smaller the Credit Event Redemption Amount paid to 
Securityholders on an early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. 
How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption 
applies? 
(A) 
Cash Redemption  
If Cash Redemption applies, the Cash Redemption Amount or the Recovery Amount (which is 
necessary to determine in order to calculate the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount), as applicable, will be determined on the basis of the 
bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the eligible 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity selected by the Calculation Agent and satisfying 
certain specified obligation categories and obligation characteristics (such obligations being the

--- Page 702 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
676 
 
Valuation Obligations). However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the final price acting in a commercially reasonable manner which may even be zero.  
(I) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes which are Credit Linked Principal Notes, Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
If Cash Redemption applies, the Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) 
the price (expressed as a percentage) determined on the basis of such bid quotations 
sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the Deliverable 
Obligations, minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
(II) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, is an amount representing each Note's pro rata share of an 
amount equal to (1) the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (being the recovery in respect of such Notes), 
minus (2) any unwind costs. Accordingly, in order to determine the Index Tranched 
Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, the 
Recovery Amount needs to be calculated. If Cash Redemption applies, the Recovery 
Amount will be equal to the product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of 
the affected Reference Entity (and, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, the 
Exercise Amount) and (2) the price (expressed as a percentage) determined on the basis 
of such bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the 
Deliverable Obligations.  
(B) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption applies only to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. If LA Cash Redemption applies, the LA Cash Redemption 
Amount will be determined on the basis of the highest bid quotation sought by the Calculation 
Agent from third party dealers for certain specified eligible assets of the relevant Reference 
Entity which may be assets issued by the Reference Entity (and as specified in the Issue Terms) 
or assets selected by the Calculation Agent that would constitute a Deliverable Obligation (being 
the LA Settlement Assets). However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the LA Recovery Amount acting in its sole discretion.  
If LA Cash Redemption applies, the LA Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) an amount 
equal to the LA Recovery Amount (plus, where "FX Forward Rate" applies, the Reference 
Assets FX Forward Termination Value, which may be a positive or a negative amount), minus 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
In any case, while determining the Final Price or the LA Recovery Amount, as applicable, the Issuer will 
be entitled to select the cheapest Valuation Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, for 
valuation. The lower the Final Price or the LA Recovery Amount, as applicable, the greater the amount 
retained by the Issuer to make whole the loss suffered by it (as buyer of credit protection) and thus the 
smaller the Credit Event Redemption Amount paid to Securityholders on an early redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes. 
What will the Securityholder receive if "Physical Redemption" or "LA Physical Redemption" of the 
Credit Linked Notes applies? 
(A) 
Physical Redemption 
If "Physical Redemption" applies in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Credit Linked 
Interest Notes), the Issuer will physically deliver assets to the Securityholders that represent 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of obligations of the Reference Entity which falls 
within a specified category (i.e. the Deliverable Obligation Category) and have the specified 
characteristics (i.e. the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics) which will be set out in the Issue

--- Page 703 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
677 
 
Terms and which have an Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable Amount equal 
to the outstanding principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of the 
Credit Event, minus any unwind costs, any delivery expenses that may be incurred by the Issuer 
in the physical settlement and any interest suspension shortfall amount.  
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Securityholders where, for 
example, the assets to be physically delivered are not a whole integral multiple of the smallest 
unit of transfer or physical delivery is illegal or impossible or the necessary consents for transfer 
of the relevant Deliverable Obligation haven't been obtained.  
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, in certain circumstances the Physical 
Redemption Assets may include Assets comprising the Asset Package. The Issuer may elect to 
pay a cash amount to the Securityholders in lieu of delivering any or all of the Asset Package. 
(B) 
LA Physical Redemption 
"LA Physical Redemption" applies only to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. If "LA Physical Redemption" applies, the Issuer will 
physically deliver such assets to the Securityholders (being the LA Settlement Assets) that 
represent each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to (1) the assets or 
obligations of the Reference Entity or assets selected by the Calculation Agent which constitute 
Deliverable Obligations and (2) which have an Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and 
Payable Amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes following 
the occurrence of the Risk Event, less (3) any unwind costs, any delivery expenses that may be 
incurred by the Issuer in the physical settlement and any interest suspension shortfall amount. 
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Securityholders where, for 
example, physical delivery is illegal or impossible due to circumstances outside the control of 
the Issuer or within the control of the Securityholders. 
What will a Securityholder recover if fixed recovery is applicable? 
If "Fixed Recovery Redemption" or "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as applicable in 
respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Credit Linked Interest Notes), then following the occurrence 
of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, and relevant Event Determination Date, the amount 
payable on redemption on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date shall be calculated as set out in 
"How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption 
applies?" above, PROVIDED THAT instead of the Final Price, the "Fixed Recovery Percentage" set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms shall apply. The Fixed Recovery Percentage may be specified as zero, in 
which case Securityholders will lose all of their investment upon the occurrence of a Credit Event or 
Risk Event, as applicable. 
What is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event? 
This applies to a Restructuring Credit Event relating to some Transaction Types aimed at reducing the 
risk occurring with respect to receiving the "cheapest to deliver" assets by imposing complex restrictions 
on deliverables where a buyer of protection (i.e. the Issuer) triggers the event. The deliverables must 
additionally have a final maturity date (determined at the time of delivery and effective delivery of Notice 
of Physical Settlement) or determination which falls within the limitation date of a maturity bucket.  
If there is no auction for a bucket, in order to auction settle, the Issuer may elect to exercise a "Movement 
Option" to settle at a bucket with more restrictive deliverables rather than redeem through the fallback 
redemption methods. 
How much will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following an 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event? 
If a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to the Credit Linked Notes (other than Credit Linked 
Interest Notes), and it constitutes an M(M)R Restructuring, the Issuer may elect to trigger a partial 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in respect of such Restructuring Credit Event. This Credit Event 
requires a Credit Event Notice to be delivered in order to be triggered (i.e. this can only be triggered

--- Page 704 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
678 
 
bilaterally). The Credit Event Notice will specify the portion of the Credit Linked Notes impacted by 
such Restructuring Credit Event (the "Exercise Amount"). 
If the Issuer decides to partially redeem the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note will be 
redeemed in part by an amount that is less than the entire credit protection purchased and sold under the 
Credit Linked Notes in relation to the Reference Entity with respect to which the Restructuring Credit 
Event occurred. The Credit Event Redemption Amount payable to Securityholders will reflect such 
partial exercise for the purposes of redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. Subsequent determinations 
of interest and principal under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined only in respect of the 
outstanding nominal amount of the Credit Linked Note following such reduction. 
How much will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following a 
determination of multiple successors? 
If Credit Linked Notes (other than Credit Linked Interest Notes) are partially redeemed following a 
determination of multiple successors, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any calculation amounts 
equally between the number of Successors and the Credit Event Redemption Amount or the amount of 
Physical Redemption Assets or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, to be delivered for any Credit Events 
or Risk Events, as applicable, which occur shall be calculated on the basis of such apportioned amounts. 
For details on successors, see "Successors" below. 
Can Credit Linked Notes be redeemed after the Scheduled Maturity Date? 
If no Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs then the Credit 
Linked Notes are scheduled to redeem on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
However, if the Calculation Agent determines that on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (i) one or 
more Reference Entities (a) may be subject to a Credit Event or to a Risk Event, (b) if "Grace Period 
Extension" is applicable, is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, or (c) if "Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium" is applicable, is or may be subject to a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (d) 
a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within 
an effective delivery period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date occurring (e) a Credit Event Resolution Request Date may occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but during the Notice Delivery Period which may result in a Relevant Event 
Determination Date occurring; (f) the final Credit Event Redemption Date or the Final Physical 
Redemption Cut-Off Date, as applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including 
any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date); (g) a Payment Failure 
Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date where a Payment/Delivery Failure Event has 
occurred; or (h) a RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
then each Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but shall be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. 
When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if the Scheduled Maturity Date is extended? 
If no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Credit Linked Notes will redeem on the latest to occur 
of (a) the fifth Business Day following the Notes Extension Date; (b) the final Credit Event Redemption 
Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant Credit Events or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable or if later, 
any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date); (c) the fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date 
(if applicable); or (d) the fifth Business Day following the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable. 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes), where a Relevant Event Determination Date actually occurs on or 
prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed on the later to occur of (a) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant Credit Events, as applicable 
or if later, any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption 
Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date) and (b) the fifth Business Day following the Payment 
Failure Cut-Off Date (if applicable).

--- Page 705 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
679 
 
In respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, as applicable, where a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date actually occurs on or prior to the 
LA Cut-Off Date, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the latest to occur of (a) the final LA 
Cash Redemption Date or the final LA Physical Redemption Date, as applicable; (b) the fifth Business 
Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date (if applicable); and (c) the fifth Business Day following 
the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if applicable. 
INSTALMENT REDEMPTION AMOUNT SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
In respect of Instalment Notes, will Securityholders receive any Instalment Redemption Amounts after 
the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event? 
Instalment Notes may be Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes.  
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, from (and 
including) the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, any Instalment Redemption 
Amount(s) relating to the Applicable Proportion of an Instalment Note (for further information see "What 
is the Applicable Proportion?" above) that is due and payable on any Instalment Date(s) will be 
disregarded and any future Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to the outstanding portion (if any) 
of such Credit Linked Note shall be proportionately reduced as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If a Credit Event or a Risk Event have not occurred, will Securityholders receive payments of the 
relevant Instalment Redemption Amount on each Instalment Date? 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to an Instalment Date, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, that (i) an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been made on or prior to an Interest 
Payment Date and no corresponding DC Resolution has been published or (ii) a Relevant Credit Event 
and related Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as 
applicable, has been provided, then following a notification by it to the Issuer, any Instalment 
Redemption Amounts due and payable in respect of such Instalment Date and each subsequent Instalment 
Date, in each case in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 1(b) (Redemption by instalments) will, 
until a determination is made by the Calculation Agent to the contrary (as detailed in "If payments of 
Instalment Redemption Amounts are suspended, when will the Issuer's obligations to make such 
payments resume?" below), be suspended as of such Instalment Date. 
If payments of Instalment Redemption Amounts are suspended, when will the Issuer's obligations to 
make such payments resume? 
Suspension of any Instalment Redemption Amounts will continue until certain public announcements by 
the DC Secretary are made or until the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, has not occurred and will not occur or if an LA Cut-Off Date in 
respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
as applicable, has occurred. Such public announcements may be one of an Applicable DC No Credit 
Event Announcement, an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal or an announcement by the 
DC Secretary that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be convening to Resolve 
the relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question.  
In such case, the Securityholders will be paid the suspended Instalment Redemption Amount(s) 10 
Business Days following the date of such announcement or determination by the Calculation Agent or 
the LA Cut-Off Date, as applicable. 
Will Securityholders receive any interest on the Instalment Redemption Amounts that were suspended 
once the Issuer's obligation to make such principal payments resumes? 
No additional amount of interest will be payable to the Securityholders by the Issuer in connection with 
the delay or postponement in payment of an Instalment Redemption Amount.

--- Page 706 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
680 
 
ZERO COUPON NOTE SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
Zero Coupon Notes may only be Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
in respect of which either Auction Redemption or Cash Redemption applies.  
How will the Credit Event Redemption Amount be affected where the Zero Coupon Percentage is 
specified to be a percentage less than or greater than 100 per cent.? 
If an Event Determination Date occurs, the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be determined as 
described under "How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Auction Redemption 
applies?" or "How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash Redemption or LA Cash 
Redemption applies?", as applicable, except that the Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, 
will be multiplied by (i) (a) the Applicable Proportion or (b) if "Premium Accreted Amount" is specified 
to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Applicable Proportion and the Premium Accreted 
Amount and (ii) the Zero Coupon Percentage, prior to the deduction of any unwind costs.  
The Zero Coupon Percentage is the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, unless a 
different amount is so specified, will be a percentage equal to the Issue Price of the Notes.  
Where the Notes are issued at a discount to their Original Aggregate Nominal Amount or the Zero 
Coupon Percentage is specified to be a percentage less than 100 per cent., the Auction Redemption 
Amount or Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, will be determined by reference to an amount less 
than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes and will therefore be less than the amount 
which would be determined in relation to a Credit Linked Note which is not a Zero Coupon Note. 
What premium payments will Securityholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event? 
Zero Coupon Notes do not bear interest. Instead of interest which accrues and is paid through the term 
of the Notes, if no Credit Event occurs, the Notes will redeem at amount which is significantly greater 
than the issue price of the Notes. The difference between the issue price of the Notes and the amount 
scheduled to be paid at maturity is the "premium". 
If an Event Determination Date occurs, whether any amount in respect of premium is payable shall 
depend on whether "Premium Accreted Amount" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Where "Premium Accreted Amount" applies, an amount equal to the sum of the Applicable Percentage 
for the relevant Notes and the Premium Accreted Amount (the "Total Accreted Amount") will be used 
to determine the Auction Redemption Amount or Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable. Where the 
Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable is multiplied by the Total Accreted Amount, then an 
amount will be paid to Securityholders with respect to the Premium Accreted Amount which, unless the 
Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, is equal to 100 per cent., will be less than the amount 
of interest which would be determined in relation to a Credit Linked Note which is not a Zero Coupon 
Note but which has an interest rate equal to the Amortisation Yield. 
Where the Notes are issued at par and the Zero Coupon Percentage is specified to be a percentage greater 
than 100 per cent., the Auction Redemption Amount or Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, will be 
determined by reference to an amount greater than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes and will therefore be greater than the amount which would be determined in relation to a Credit 
Linked Note which is not a Zero Coupon Note. The Auction Redemption Amount of Cash Redemption 
Amount will therefore include an amount in respect of premium which might be more or less than the 
amount of interest which would have been payable in relation to a Credit Linked Note which is not a 
Zero Coupon Note but which has an interest rate equal to the Amortisation Yield.  
Where "Premium Accreted Amount" is not specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, no additional 
amount in respect of the premium will be payable following the occurrence of an Event Determination 
Date.

--- Page 707 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
681 
 
INTEREST SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
What interest payments will Securityholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event? 
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, the date on 
which interest ceases to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Notes (for 
further information see "What is the Applicable Proportion?" above) shall depend on whether "No 
Interest Accrual on Default" or "Interest Accrual on Default" applies. 
(A) 
No Interest Accrual on Default 
Interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall cease 
from and including the Interest Payment Date preceding the Event Determination Date or Risk 
Event Determination Date, in respect of the first Interest Period, from (and including) the Issue 
Date. 
(B) 
Interest Accrual on Default 
Interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall cease 
from and including the first Business Day immediately following the Event Determination Date 
or Risk Event Determination Date.  
However, (i) in respect of each Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note), interest (or, in respect of 
Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will accrue on the Applicable Proportion 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date preceding such Event Determination Date, or 
(if no such Interest Payment Date exists), the Issue Date to (and including) such Event 
Determination Date; and (ii) in respect of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, as applicable, the LA Interest Amount shall be 
payable if, and only if, an Interest Payment Date occurred during the period from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date preceding such Risk Event Determination Date, or (if no such Interest 
Payment Date exists), the Issue Date to (and including) such Risk Event Determination Date. 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Credit Linked Interest Notes), any accrued but unpaid 
interest shall be paid (i) within 10 Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
(if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies) or in 
respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes only and 
where there is no incurred recovery, within 10 Business Days following the relevant Auction Final Price 
Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date, as applicable, (ii) on such date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent (if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies), (iii) if the Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in full, on the Early Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution 
Event Date, as applicable or (iv) within 10 Business Days following the first Delivery Date (if "Physical 
Redemption" applies), as applicable. In respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, such payment of suspended interest shall be made if, and only 
if, an LA Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to a prescribed date. In respect of Credit Linked 
Interest Notes, any accrued, but unpaid, Contingent Interest shall be paid on (i) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, (ii) such date as determined by the Calculation Agent or (iii) if the Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes are early redeemed in full, the Early Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the 
Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
The Credit Payment on Maturity Amount will accrue interest additionally at the funding interest rate 
where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies.  
If a Credit Event and Event Determination Date have not occurred, will I receive payments of interest 
on each Interest Payment Date? 
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been made on or prior to an Interest Payment Date and 
no corresponding DC Resolution has been published or a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, 
as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, has been 
provided, then any interest payable under the Credit Linked Notes (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest

--- Page 708 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
682 
 
Notes only, any Contingent Interest) will be suspended to the maximum possible amount (assuming an 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date would occur, as though full exercise of an 
M(M)R Restructuring had occurred and where relevant, that Fixed Recovery Redemption with Fixed 
Recovery Percentage at 0 per cent. has occurred) or, in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the LA Interest Amount relating to the 
relevant LA Interest Payment Date will be suspended. 
If payments of interest are suspended, when will the Issuer's obligations to make such payments 
resume? 
Suspension of interest amount will continue until certain public announcements by the DC Secretary are 
made or until the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as 
applicable, has not occurred and will not occur or if an LA Cut-Off Date in respect of Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, has 
occurred. Such public announcements may be one of an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement, 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal or an announcement by the DC Secretary that the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be convening to Resolve the relevant Applicable 
DC Credit Event Question.  
In such case, the Securityholders will be paid the suspended interest amount 10 Business Days following 
the date of such announcement or determination by the Calculation Agent or the LA Cut-Off Date, as 
applicable. 
Will Securityholders receive an additional amount of interest once the Issuer's obligation to make 
interest payments resumes? 
No additional amount of interest will be payable to the Securityholders by the Issuer in connection with 
the delay or postponement in payment of an interest amount. However, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension 
of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential 
Risk Event) was greater or lesser than the amount of interest that should have been suspended, the Issuer 
will be required to calculate the adjustment interest amount due to or from the Securityholders and such 
adjustment amount will be paid to, or held back from future interest payments owed to, the 
Securityholders and where there has been a shortfall as at the relevant maturity or early redemption date, 
such interest shortfall proceeds shall be deducted from the final redemption amounts or the amount of 
Physical Redemption Assets to be delivered, as applicable. 
What are the Index Swaption provisions? 
If "Index Swaption" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Credit Linked Notes will 
be linked to a hypothetical index swaption, which means that for the purposes of making calculations of 
interest under the Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will be deemed on the Issue Date to have entered into 
the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction with the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty.  
The value of such Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction will determine whether a Swaption Interest 
Amount is payable in respect of the Credit Linked Notes – if it expires at an amount payable to the 
Swaption Buyer, a Swaption Interest Amount will be payable in respect of each Credit Linked Note and, 
conversely, if the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction expires out of the money for the Swaption 
Buyer, no Swaption Interest Amount will be payable. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
What are the Financial Reference Entity Terms? 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies, then: 
(a) 
where the Reference Obligation is a senior obligation and if a Credit Event relating to 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring would only affect the subordinated obligations of 
the relevant obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such Reference Entity;  
(b) 
where the Reference Obligation is a subordinated obligation and if a Credit Event relating to 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring would only affect the further subordinated

--- Page 709 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
683 
 
obligations of the relevant obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such 
Reference Entity; 
(c) 
with respect to successions, if the Credit Linked Notes relates to a Senior Obligation, the debt 
transfer shall be assessed only in relation to Bond or Loans which include the Senior Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and where the Credit Linked Notes are Subordinated Obligations, the 
debt transfer shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", PROVIDED 
THAT if no such Bond or Loan exists, the debt transfer shall be assessed only in relation to 
Bond or Loans which include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(d) 
PROVIDED THAT if "Governmental Intervention" applies, if an obligation would otherwise 
satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the 
existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination 
which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended 
in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such 
obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic; 
(e) 
a qualifying guarantee which contains terms permitting or anticipating a Governmental 
Intervention will not be treated as containing provisions where the principal payment 
obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise 
altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of such event; or  
(f) 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur where (a) a Governmental Intervention occurs or (b) 
a Restructuring (if applicable) occurs, PROVIDED THAT such Restructuring does not 
constitute a Governmental Intervention. If an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, Asset Package 
Delivery is applicable and any Prior Deliverable Obligation shall be a Deliverable Obligation.  
What is Asset Package Credit Event and Asset Package Delivery? 
If (a) "Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies and a Restructuring Credit Event (which does not 
constitute a Governmental Intervention) of the Reference Obligation or a Governmental Intervention 
Credit Event occurs, or (b) a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to a Sovereign, such a Credit 
Event will constitute an "Asset Package Credit Event".  
If such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the relevant Credit Event Backstop Date, then in those 
circumstances, (unless, in respect of a Sovereign Reference Entity, Asset Package Delivery has been 
specified not to apply in the applicable Issue Terms), the obligations or assets used to determine the 
Auction Final Price or recovery of the Valuation Obligations, as the case may be (i.e. the "Asset 
Package"), will be the "Asset Package" comprising those assets received or retained by a Relevant 
Holder by reference to: 
(a) 
in respect of (a) above and a Governmental Intervention Credit Event, an obligation of the 
Reference Entity which existed immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event which 
would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation, or in the case of (a) above and a Restructuring 
Credit Event, the Reference Obligation (i.e. a "Prior Deliverable Obligation"); or 
(b) 
in respect of (b) above, a benchmark obligation of the relevant Sovereign identified as such by 
ISDA and published on its website or any successor website or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time and which immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit 
Event would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation (i.e. a "Package Observable Bond"). 
Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by Delivery 
of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event, and if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business 
Days following the date on which the Issuer has notified the Fiscal Agent of the detailed description of

--- Page 710 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
684 
 
the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in accordance with the definition of "Notice of Physical 
Settlement".  
The Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion. If the 
relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be 
deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value by reference to an appropriate specialist 
valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee.  
What are Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations (published on 
December 8, 2017)?  
Where the Issue Terms specify "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations 
(published on December 8, 2017)" as applicable, the Reference Obligation is any obligation of the 
Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the 
Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed ("Senior Non-Preferred Obligation"), 
and which ranks above "Traditional Subordinated Obligations" or which would so rank if Traditional 
Subordinated Obligations existed. In such circumstances, the Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation and such Traditional Subordinated Obligation (as defined in the 
Credit Linked Conditions) shall constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation.  
What is the 2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014) and a CoCo Provision? 
Where the Issue Terms specify the "2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014)" to be applicable, if with respect to one or more Obligations and in 
relation to an aggregate amount of not less than a pre-determined amount, the operation of one or more 
CoCo Provisions results in (a) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (b) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such event shall be deemed 
to constitute a Governmental Intervention.  
A Coco Provision requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the capital 
ratio is at or below a trigger percentage which is specified to be 5.25 per cent., if no other trigger 
percentage is specified. 
What is the Monoline Supplement? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that the "Monoline Supplement" is applicable, Obligations and 
Deliverable Obligations will include certain qualifying financial guarantee insurance policy or similar 
financial guarantees pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures certain 
borrowed money instruments of another party. 
What is the impact of the LPN Additional Provisions applicable to LPN Reference Entities? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "LPN Additional Provisions" are applicable, among other things, the 
scope of Reference Obligation is expanded to cover LPNs which, as of the Trade Date, are issued for the 
sole purpose of providing funds for the issuer(s) of such LPN to finance a loan or provide alternative 
finance to the relevant LPN Reference Entity. Accordingly, a Credit Event may occur in respect of 
obligations that are not direct obligations of the relevant LPN Reference Entity. 
What is the impact of additional provisions applicable to the Republic of Ecuador, the Argentine 
Republic, the Hellenic Republic, the Republic of Ukraine or certain Venezuelan entities? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ecuador: Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020)", "2020 Additional Provisions 
for the Argentine Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 
2020)", "Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic (May 29, 2012)", "Additional Provisions for 
the Republic of Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016)" 
or "Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded

--- Page 711 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
685 
 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017)" are applicable, certain Bond or Loan obligations or 
Restricted Debt (as the case may be) are treated as Excluded Deliverable Obligations, which:  
(a) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 20 April 2020; 
(b) 
in respect of an Argentine Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond" that was 
issued on or prior to 31 August 2020; 
(c) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond or a Loan" that 
was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(d) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015; or 
(e) 
in respect of a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity, for so long as sanctions imposed by any 
and all Venezuelan Orders continue to subsist with respect to such Venezuelan Covered 
Reference Entity (as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee), means 
any obligation that is Restricted Debt. 
What is the impact of additional provisions applicable to the Republic of Hungary? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "Hungary Additional Provisions" are applicable, Obligations and 
Deliverable Obligations will include certain obligations of the National Bank of Hungary (either directly 
or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor.  
What is the impact of additional provisions applicable to the Russian Federation? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation (August 13, 2004)" 
are applicable, Obligations and Deliverable Obligations will exclude any obligations that are determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be IANs, MinFins or PRINs.  
What is the impact of the "2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions (December 2, 2020)" 
applicable to Limited Recourse Obligations? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions (December 2, 2020)" 
are applicable, while determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or the Due and Payable Amount of 
an obligation, the amounts determined will be required to take into account (and will therefore be reduced 
by) the application of any Limited Recourse Provisions. 
REFERENCE OBLIGATIONS 
What is a Standard Reference Obligation ? 
A Standard Reference Obligation is the obligation specified as the market standard reference obligation 
for the relevant Reference Entity for the relevant seniority level, as published on the relevant SRO list. 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" applies where there is no Standard Reference Obligation and a Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the Issue Terms, the Reference Obligation will be (a) the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard 
Reference Obligation and (b) the Standard Reference Obligation with the relevant Seniority Level with 
be the Reference Obligation from such date onwards, PROVIDED THAT the Standard Reference 
Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
The SRO list for selected standard reference obligations selected by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee can be obtained at https://ihsmarkit.com or any successor webpage. Standard 
Reference Obligation could also be disapplied in the Issue Terms.  
Can a redeemed Reference Obligation be stipulated as a Reference Obligation? 
Yes. For the purpose of assessing the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic.

--- Page 712 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
686 
 
SUCCESSORS 
Is it possible to change a Reference Entity? 
The Reference Entity may not be changed unless a "Successor" determination has been made with respect 
to the Reference Entity on or after the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a "Universal 
Successor", on or after 1 January 2014). 
A "Universal Successor" means, with respect to any Reference Entity (not being a sovereign entity), the 
single entity which assumes all of the obligations (including at least one relevant bond or loan) of the 
Reference Entity and at the time of the determination either (a) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, 
or (b) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (however described) and the Reference 
Entity has not issued or incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time since the legally effective 
date of the assumption. 
What is a "Successor" to the Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes? 
If the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved 
that a different entity or entities has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity to 
which the Credit Linked Notes are linked, then such entity/ies may be identified as a "Successor" to the 
original Reference Entity. The Calculation Agent (being the Issuer or an Affiliate) may also, following a 
succession event, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) to the original Reference Entity or in the 
case of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Index 
Sponsor may also following a succession, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) to the original 
Reference Entity. 
A single entity, or one entity or one or more entities may either directly or as provider of a qualifying 
guarantee succeed to the Reference Entity based on whether the percentage of debt transferred satisfies 
certain specified thresholds but where a universal successor applies, the entity need only assume all of 
the obligations and at least one bond or loan or guarantee obligation in connection with either where at 
the time of determination certain conditions exist. If there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall 
consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession. 
An entity shall succeed to another entity if an entity other than the Reference Entity (a) assumes or 
becomes liable for the relevant obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement 
(including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, 
accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (b) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the "Exchange 
Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity 
is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a qualifying guarantee with respect to such Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. 
The identity of the original Reference Entity will be treated as having been amended accordingly for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked Notes so that, following the determination or announcement of a 
"Successor", the Credit Linked Notes will be linked to the credit risk of the Successor. The credit risk 
associated with a Successor or Successors may be different from and could be greater than the credit risk 
associated with the original Reference Entity. 
The events which may lead to the determination or announcement of a Successor may occur at any time 
from and including the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a "Universal Successor", on or after 
1 January 2014), which is a rolling date that is: 
(a) 
if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee receives a request to resolve whether or not 
there is one or more Successors to the Reference Entity, 90 calendar days prior to the date of 
such request; or 
(b) 
otherwise, 90 calendar days prior to the date on which an effective notice of the occurrence of 
a succession is delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 713 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
687 
 
Can a succession occur prior to the Issue Date? 
Yes. A succession may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur 
prior to the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The Successor Backstop Date may fall 
prior to the Trade Date and accordingly a succession may occur prior to the Trade Date. 
Securityholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the 
Reference Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to convene 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a 
succession has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details of such request may be found on 
the ISDA website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website thereto). 
Can a sovereign be subject to a succession ? 
Yes, where an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or 
other similar event occurs and the debt is transferred as described in "What is a "Successor" to the 
Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes?" above. 
Does the Calculation Agent have unfettered discretion to determine a Successor? 
No. Although the Calculation Agent has the right to make a determination as to whether or not a 
succession event has occurred, its right is limited by the Credit Linked Conditions as follows: the 
Calculation Agent (a) cannot make such a determination if a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has already determined that such an event does not constitute a succession event; (b) is 
required to act on the basis of Eligible Information and (c) is required to act in a commercially reasonable 
manner. In the case of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Index Sponsor may make a successor determination if the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not identified a Successor. 
Can multiple successors be identified with respect to a Reference Entity? 
Yes, including the case where the original entity affected by the succession is also identified as a 
Successor. In such case where there are multiple successors, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any 
calculation amounts equally between the number of Successors and the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount for any Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, which occur shall be calculated on the basis 
of such apportioned amounts.  
Where multiple successors are identified, multiple Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, and 
multiple Event Determination Dates or Risk Event Determination Dates, as applicable, may occur with 
respect to each Reference Entity save in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and the 
nth Reference Entity (where a Relevant Credit Event and Relevant Event Determination Date may occur 
only in relation to the nth Reference Entity).  
What sort of indices may be referenced by Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes may reference an index 
that is either an iTraxx® index or a CDX® index. 
The iTraxx indices cover the most liquid names in the European, Asian, Middle Eastern and African 
markets and the selection methodology ensures that the indices represent the most liquid parts of the 
market. For instance, the benchmark iTraxx® Europe Main index comprises European names with sub-
indices such as Markit iTraxx® Europe Senior Financials and Markit iTraxx® Subordinated Financials 
index. The iTraxx® Crossover index comprises most liquid sub-investment grade entities. The Asia-
Pacific iTraxx® indices cover the investment-grade iTraxx® Asia ex-Japan index, the iTraxx® Australia 
index and the iTraxx® Japan index. In addition, the iTraxx® CEEMEA index covers corporate and quasi-
sovereign entities from Central & Eastern European, Middle Eastern and African countries. 
CDX indices are a family of credit indices covering North America and emerging markets having a 
selection methodology representing the markets most liquid segments. They cover sub-indices including 
CDX® North American Investment Grade, CDX® North American Investment Grade High Volatility, 
CDX® North American High Yield, CDX® North American High Yield High Beta, CDX® Emerging

--- Page 714 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
688 
 
Markets, CDX® Emerging Markets Diversified. Markit also publishes a CDS index of U.S. state and 
municipal Reference Entities commonly referred to as the MCDX® index. 
More information relating to the various credit indices and standard documentation published by the 
Index Sponsor can be obtained from: https://ihsmarkit.com/products.html.  
Important information in respect of Markit Indices 
Securityholders should note that important information about Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes referencing a Markit-published index (the "Index CDS") may be 
found on Markit's website at www.markit.com. The information on Markit's website includes the 
standard terms supplement for the applicable Index CDS, the most recent and archived annexes of 
Reference Entities for the applicable index and the rules of the applicable index. Markit publishes many 
of the most widely traded credit default swap indices. With respect to Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes based on an Index CDS, the Issue Terms will specify the 
relevant terms for that Index CDS published by Markit, the list of the relevant Index CDS (with the 
relevant annex date) to be incorporated as published by Markit and the effective date of that Index CDS.  
Markit CDX™ Markit iTraxx is a service mark of the Index Sponsor and has been licensed for use in 
connection with specified transactions. The Index referenced in any Credit Linked Notes is the property 
of the Index Sponsor and has been licensed for use in connection with specific transactions. The Credit 
Linked Notes are not sponsored, endorsed or promoted by the Index Sponsor or any participants under 
the Index Sponsor's rules governing the Index CDS (the "Index Sponsor", together with such 
participants, the "Index Parties"). The Index Parties make no representation whatsoever, whether 
express or implied, and hereby expressly disclaim all warranties (including, without limitation, those of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use), with respect to the Index or any data included 
therein or relating thereto, and in particular disclaim any warranty either as to the quality, accuracy and/or 
completeness of the Index or any data included therein, the results obtained from the use of the Index 
CDS, the composition of the Index CDS at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise, and/or 
the creditworthiness of, or likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to, any entity in 
the Index CDS at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise.  
Investors should note that the Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) for any error in the Index CDS, and the 
Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall are under no 
obligation to advise the parties or any person of any error therein. The Index Parties, the Issuer, 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall make no representation whatsoever, whether 
express or implied, as to the purchase of any Credit Linked Notes, or of assuming any risks in connection 
therewith. The Index Parties have no obligation to take the needs of any Investor into consideration in 
determining, composing or calculating the Index CDS. The Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall have no liability to any party for any act or failure to act by 
the Index Parties in connection with the determination, adjustment, calculation or maintenance of the 
Index CDS. Although the Calculation Agent or Issuer will obtain information concerning the Index from 
sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made, and no responsibility is accepted 
by the Issuer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates, as to the accuracy, completeness or 
timeliness of information concerning the Index CDS. 
DISCRETIONARY POWERS OF THE ISSUER AND THE CALCULATION AGENT 
What are some of the key determinations that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making in 
relation to Credit Linked Notes? 
Securityholders should note that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making certain determinations 
with respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(a) 
in the absence of a resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether 
a Credit Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, electing whether to

--- Page 715 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
689 
 
deliver a Credit Event Notice and supporting information in order to trigger settlement of the 
Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event;  
(b) 
where the Credit Event Redemption Amount is not determined by an Auction, determining the 
Final Price on the basis of bid quotations from third party dealers; 
(c) 
determining successor Reference Entities for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(d) 
determining substitute Reference Obligation(s) for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(e) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, determining the Exercise Amount of 
Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies;  
(f) 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, where an Event Determination Date 
occurred on a date that is different from the date first determined or that no Event Determination 
Date occurred or occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, determining, acting in its 
sole and absolute discretion, any additional amount payable to the Securityholder(s) or any 
reduction in any subsequent amount that would otherwise subsequently be payable to the 
Securityholders and the date on which such adjustment payment is payable; and 
(g) 
determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred. 
Securityholders should note that any determination and/or calculation made by the Calculation Agent 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the 
Securityholders.

--- Page 716 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
690 
 
ANNEX: WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
(2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
The worked examples below are in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes) for which "2014 Reference Entity" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
are included for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon. They are not an indication of 
the likely performance of, or amounts payable in respect of, the Credit Linked Notes. The inclusion or 
absence of any assumption or any other feature in any worked example in this Annex is not an indication 
that such assumption or feature will or will not exist in any Credit Linked Note. Prospective investors 
should conduct their own independent review and obtain such professional advice as they deem 
appropriate prior to any investment in the Credit Linked Notes. 
Unless otherwise expressly indicated, all amounts in this Annex are denominated in EUR. 
(i) 
SINGLE NAME CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND NTH-TO-DEFAULT BASKET 
CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; and 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%.   
 
Based on these assumptions, the Applicable Proportion (Outstanding Nominal Amount 
(40,000,000) x 100%) would be 40,000,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 1,000 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
[(Applicable Proportion (40,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note's pro 
rata share of Unwind Costs (1,000)] would be 25,999,000. 
(b) 
25,999,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. Although the investor receives 
less than par, as the Applicable Proportion is written down reducing the original 
investment to zero, nothing remains outstanding.  
(c) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(Original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000)) = 
0 on the Scheduled Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing 
remains to be paid to the investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000) + 
sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a single Auction

--- Page 717 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
691 
 
Redemption Amount (26,000,000))) is paid. 26,000,000 will be the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of R1 with a partial 
exercise of 5,000,000; and 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions, the Applicable Proportion (Outstanding Nominal Amount 
(40,000,000) x Exercise Amount (5,000,000)/Original investment (40,000,000))) would be 
5,000,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 200 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
[(Applicable Proportion (5,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note's pro rata 
share of Unwind Costs (200)] would be 3,249,800.  
(b) 
3,249,800 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (5,000,000)) = 35,000,000 
is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (5,000,000) + 
sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a single Auction 
Redemption Amount (3,250,000))) is paid. 38,250,000 will be the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount.

--- Page 718 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
692 
 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial redemption of 5,000,000 following an M(M)R 
Restructuring) has occurred; 
(d) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased and cancelled (but 
has been partially redeemed pursuant to (c) above); 
(e) 
a succession event has occurred in respect of R1 resulting in multiple successors 
(i.e. R1A and R1B); 
(f) 
a second Credit Event (this time, a Failure to Pay) occurs in respect of R1A; 
and 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 90%. 
 
Based on these assumptions: 
(a) 
following a Successor determination, the Calculation Agent would have adjusted the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Note equally between the Successors, giving each a 
partial nominal amount of 17,500,000 (original investment of 40,000,000 is reduced to 
35,000,000 following the earlier M(M)R Restructuring in respect of R1, leaving a 
balance aggregate nominal amount of 35,000,000. This is divided into 2 for each 
successor); and 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion in respect of the Failure to Pay Credit Event (Outstanding 
Nominal Amount (40,000,000) x Single Name Partial Nominal Amount (17,500,000) 
/ Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 17,500,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 500 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
in respect of the Failure to Pay Credit Event [(Applicable Proportion (17,500,000) x 
Auction Final Price (90%)) – the Note's pro rata share of Unwind Costs (500)] would 
be 15,749,500. 
(b) 
15,749,500 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial 
redemption.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000 (for M(M)R 
Restructuring) + 17,500,000 (for Failure to Pay))) = 17,500,000 (Unexercised portion 
in respect of Reference Entity R1B) is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000 (for 
(M(M)R Restructuring) + 17,500,000 (for Failure to Pay)) + sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (3,250,000 (M(M)R Restructuring) + 15,750,000 (Failure to 
Pay))) is paid. 36,500,000 will be Final Auction Redemption Amount.

--- Page 719 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
693 
 
Scenario 4: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests in an EUR-denominated Single Name Credit Linked Note;  
(b) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Note is EUR 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note pays interest and principal to the investor in EUR; 
(d) 
due to the Issuer's funding arrangements, it receives amounts from its funding 
source only in USD; 
(e) 
since the Note is denominated in EUR but the Issuer receives funding in USD 
only, the Issuer enters into a cross-currency swap with a swap counterparty in 
order to hedge its exposure to fluctuations in the EURUSD exchange rate (the 
"Cross Currency Swap"); 
(f) 
during the life of the Cross Currency Swap, the Issuer (i) pays amounts it 
receives from its funding source (in USD) to the swap counterparty, and (ii) in 
return, receives payments (in EUR) from the swap counterparty in order to pay 
interest and principal to the investor in EUR; 
(g) 
the Issuer also enters into a credit default swap (with a notional amount of EUR 
10,000,000) to hedge its exposure under the Credit Linked Note; 
(h) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled; 
(i) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(j) 
a Bankruptcy Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; 
(k) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%; 
(l) 
the EURUSD exchange rate as at the Issue Date is 1.179 ("Initial Exchange 
Rate"); and 
(m) 
if the Cross Currency Swap is unwound before its scheduled termination, a 
mark-to-market unwind amount is payable by the party that is out-of-the-
money under the Cross Currency Swap to the other party. 
 
Based on these assumptions, the Applicable Proportion would be EUR 10,000,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Cross Currency Swap is terminated early. Assume that, on the Credit Event 
Redemption Date, the Cross Currency Swap is out-of-the-money from the Issuer's 
perspective by an amount of EUR 2,593,458. This amount is payable by the Issuer to 
its swap counterparty under the Cross Currency Swap and, therefore, reflects the 
Unwind Costs to terminate the Cross Currency Swap. 
(b) 
The Auction Redemption Amount in respect of the Bankruptcy Credit Event 
[(Applicable Proportion (EUR 10,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note's 
pro rata share of Unwind Costs (EUR 2,593,458)] would be EUR 3,906,542. 
(c) 
EUR 3,906,542 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. Although the investor 
receives less than par, as the Applicable Proportion is written down reducing the 
original investment to zero, nothing remains outstanding.  
(d) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(Original investment (EUR 10,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (EUR

--- Page 720 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
694 
 
10,000,000)) = 0 on the Scheduled Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is reduced to zero. 
Nothing remains to be paid to the investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, the Cross Currency Swap is not terminated on the occurrence of the 
Credit Event but continues to run to maturity. Accordingly, the Issuer does not incur 
any Unwind Costs in respect of the Cross Currency Swap and, therefore, the Unwind 
Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (EUR 10,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (EUR 
10,000,000) + sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a 
single Auction Redemption Amount (EUR 6,500,000) calculated as (Applicable 
Proportion (EUR 10,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%) – Unwind Costs (zero)))) 
is paid. EUR 6,500,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
 
Scenario 5: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, 
with the basket comprising three Reference Entities, R1, R2 and R3 (where 'n' 
= 3); 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled; 
(d) 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred in respect of R2;  
(e) 
a second Credit Event (this time, a Failure to Pay) occurs in respect of R3; 
(f) 
a third Credit Event (this time, a Bankruptcy) occurs in respect of R1; and 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the first Credit Event in respect of R2 will be disregarded (since it isn't the nth 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred); 
(b) 
the second Credit Event in respect of R3 will be disregarded (since it isn't the nth 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred); 
(c) 
the third Credit Event in respect of R1 will trigger a Credit Event (since it is the third 
(i.e. the "nth") Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred); and 
(d) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x 100%) would be 
40,000,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 1000 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
[(Applicable Proportion (40,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note's pro 
rata share of Unwind Costs (1000)] would be 25,999,000. 
(b) 
25,999,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.

--- Page 721 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
695 
 
(c) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000)) = 
0 on the Scheduled Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing 
remains to be paid to the investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000) + 
sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a single Auction 
Redemption Amount (26,000,000))) is paid. 26,000,000 will be the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount.  
(ii) 
LINEAR BASKET CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND INDEX UNTRANCHED CREDIT 
LINKED NOTES 
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the 
basket comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and 
R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Bankruptcy Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; and 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
since the four Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 25% each), the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount = 10,000,000 per Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Reference Entity 
Notional Amount (10,000,000/original investment (40,000,000))) would be 
10,000,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 750 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
[(Applicable Proportion (10,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note's pro 
rata share of Unwind Costs (750)] would be 6,499,250. 
(b) 
6,499,250 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (10,000,000)) = 
30,000,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies:

--- Page 722 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
696 
 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (10,000,000) + 
sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a single Auction 
Redemption Amount (6,500,000))) is paid. 36,500,000 will be the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the 
basket comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and 
R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial redemption of 10,000,000 following a Bankruptcy Credit 
Event) has occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased and cancelled (but 
has been partially redeemed pursuant to (d) above); 
(f) 
a second Credit Event (this time, an M(M)R Restructuring) occurs in respect 
of R2 with a partial exercise of 5,000,000; and 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions, the Applicable Proportion in respect of the M(M)R Restructuring 
Credit Event (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Exercise Amount (5,000,000/original 
investment (40,000,000)) would be 5,000,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 400 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
in respect of the M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event [(Applicable Proportion 
(5,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note's pro rata share of Unwind Costs 
(400)] would be 3,249,600. 
(b) 
3,249,600 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for 
Bankruptcy) + 5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring))) = 25,000,000 is paid on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for 
Bankruptcy) + 5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring)) + sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (6,500,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 3,250,000 (for M(M)R 
Restructuring))) is paid. 34,750,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount.

--- Page 723 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
697 
 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the 
basket comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and 
R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial redemption of 10,000,000 following a Bankruptcy Credit 
Event) has occurred in respect of R1; 
(d) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial redemption of 5,000,000 following an M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event) has occurred in respect of R2; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased and cancelled (but 
has been partially redeemed pursuant to (c) and (d) above); 
(f) 
a succession event has occurred in respect of R2 resulting in multiple successors 
(i.e. R2A and R2B); 
(g) 
a third Credit Event (this time, a Failure to Pay) occurs in respect of R2A; and 
(h) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 90%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
following a Successor determination, the Calculation Agent would have adjusted the 
outstanding Reference Entity Notional Amount equally between the Successors, giving 
each a partial nominal amount of 2,500,000 (original Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of 10,000,000 is reduced to 5,000,000 following the earlier M(M)R 
Restructuring in respect of R2, leaving a balance aggregate nominal amount of 
5,000,000. This is divided into 2 for each successor); and 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion in respect of the Failure to Pay Credit Event (Specified 
Denomination (40,000,000) x Partial Nominal Amount (2,500,000/original investment 
(40,000,000))) would be 2,500,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 100 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
in respect of the Failure to Pay Credit Event [(Applicable Proportion (2,500,000) x 
Auction Final Price (90%)) – the Note's pro rata share of Unwind Costs (100)] would 
be 2,249,900. 
(b) 
2,249,900 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for 
Bankruptcy) + 5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 2,500,000 (Failure to Pay)) = 
22,500,000 (being the total Reference Entity Notional Amounts of unaffected 
Reference Entities R3 and R4 and the unexercised portion of R2) is paid on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero.

--- Page 724 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
698 
 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for 
Bankruptcy) + 5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 2,500,000 (Failure to Pay)) + 
sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (6,500,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 3,250,000 (for 
M(M)R Restructuring) + 2,250,000 (Failure to Pay)) is paid. 34,500,000 will be the 
Final Auction Redemption Amount.  
(iii) 
INDEX TRANCHED CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND PORTFOLIO TRANCHED 
CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, with 
the Index comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche 
being 0-5%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Credit Event (regardless of whether M(M)R Restructuring or not) occurs in 
respect of Rx; and 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size (i.e. original investment (10,000,000)/ Tranche Size (5%)) 
= 200,000,000; 
(b) 
since the 100 Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 1% each), the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000)/ Reference Entity 
Weighting (1%)) = 2,000,000 per Reference Entity; 
(c) 
the Loss Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x Attachment 
Point (0%)) = 0; 
(d) 
the Recovery Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x (100% - 
Exhaustion Point (5%)) = 190,000,000; 
(e) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject 
to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before 
applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
• 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (2,000,000) 
x (100% - Auction Final Price (65%)) = 700,000. 
• 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Loss Amount would be 700,000 and 
after deducting the Loss Threshold Amount of 0, the calculation for (y) would 
be 700,000.  
• 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit 
Event) would be 10,000,000.

--- Page 725 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
699 
 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 700,000. Therefore, the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 700,000. 
(f) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the 
Recovery Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery 
Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (before applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
• 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx 
(2,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) = 1,300,000. 
• 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Recovery Amount would be 
1,300,000. If we deducted the Recovery Threshold Amount of 190,000,000, 
this would be floored at zero given it is a negative number and the calculation 
for (y) would be 0. 
• 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit 
Event) would be 10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 0. 
(g) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(0) + the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (700,000)) = 700,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by 700,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event 
Determination Date. This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 100 are determined. The Index Tranched Redemption 
Amount [i.e. max (0, the Note's pro rata share of (i) the Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount (0) – (ii) Unwind Costs (100))] = 0 and accordingly, no redemption 
amounts are payable to the investor.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000)) = 
9,300,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount 
(original investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000) 
+ sum of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0)) is paid. 9,300,000 
will be the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 726 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
700 
 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, with 
the Index comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche 
being 0-5%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial writedown of 700,000 following the Credit Event) has 
occurred; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased and cancelled (but 
has been partially written down pursuant to (d) above); 
(f) 
five Credit Events occur (with each having the same Event Determination Date) 
in respect of Rx; and 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 0%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject 
to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before 
applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
• 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 5 Reference 
Entities (2,000,000 x 5) x (100% - Auction Final Price (0%)) = 10,000,000. 
• 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the loss of 700,000 in respect of the 
first Credit Event) and after deducting the Loss Threshold Amount of 0 would 
be 10,700,000.  
• 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (including the previous writedown of 700,000) would be 
9,300,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 9,300,000. Therefore, 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 9,300,000. 
(b) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the 
Recovery Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery 
Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (before applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
• 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 5 Reference 
Entities (2,000,000 x 5) x Auction Final Price (0%)) = 0. 
• 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the recovery of 1,300,000 in 
respect of the first Credit Event) would be 0. If we deducted the Recovery 
Threshold Amount of 190,000,000, this would be floored at zero given it is a 
negative number and the calculation for (y) would be 0. 
• 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (including the previous writedown of 700,000) would be 
9,300,000.

--- Page 727 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
701 
 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 0. 
(c) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(0) + the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (9,300,000) = 9,300,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is further reduced by 9,300,000 (i.e. the 
Principal Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event 
Determination Date. This would be a further partial writedown. 
(b) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 500 are determined. The Index Tranched Redemption 
Amount [i.e. max (0, the Note's pro rata share of (i) the Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount (0) – (ii) Unwind Costs (500))] = 0 and accordingly, no redemption 
amounts are payable to the investor.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount 
(original investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000 + 
9,300,000) + sum of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0)) = 0 on 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing 
remains to be paid to the investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount 
(original investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000 + 
9,300,000) + sum of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0)) = 0, 
i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the investor. 
 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, with 
the portfolio comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the 
Tranche being 80-100%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Credit Event (regardless of whether M(M)R Restructuring or not) occurs in 
respect of Rx; and 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size (i.e. original investment (10,000,000)/ Tranche Size (20%)) 
= 50,000,000; 
(b) 
since the 100 Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 1% each), the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (50,000,000) x Reference Entity 
Weighting (1%)) = 500,000 per Reference Entity;

--- Page 728 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
702 
 
(c) 
the Loss Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (50,000,000) x Attachment 
Point (80%)) = 40,000,000; 
(d) 
the Recovery Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x (100% - 
Exhaustion Point (100%)) = 0; 
(e) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject 
to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before 
applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
• 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (500,000) x 
(100% - Auction Final Price (65%)) = 175,000. 
• 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Loss Amount would be 175,000. If 
we deducted the Loss Threshold Amount of 40,000,000, this would be floored 
at zero given it is a negative number and the calculation for (y) would be 0. 
• 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit 
Event) would be 10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 0. 
(f) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) 
the Recovery Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery 
Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (before applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
• 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx 
(500,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) = 325,000. 
• 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Recovery Amount would be 325,000 
and after deducting the Recovery Threshold Amount of 0, the calculation for 
(y) would be 325,000. 
• 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit 
Event) would be 10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 325,000. Therefore, the 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 325,000. 
(g) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount (325,000) + the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (0) = 325,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by 325,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event 
Determination Date. This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 200 are determined. The Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount [i.e. max (0, the Note's pro rata share of (i) the Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount (325,000) – Unwind Costs (200))] = 324,800 is paid on the Auction 
Redemption Date.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000)) = 
9,675,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 729 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
703 
 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount 
(original investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000) 
+ sum of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts (325,000)) is paid. 10,000,000 
will be the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount. 
 
Scenario 4: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, with 
the portfolio comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the 
Tranche being 80-100%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 3 (i.e. partial writedown of 325,000 following a Credit Event) has 
occurred in respect of Rx; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased and cancelled (but 
has been partially written down pursuant to (d) above); 
(f) 
90 Credit Events occur (with each having the same Event Determination Date) 
in respect of Rx; and 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 10%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject 
to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before 
applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
• 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 90 Reference 
Entities (500,000 x 90) x (100% - Auction Final Price (10%)) = 40,500,000. 
• 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the loss of 175,000 in respect of the 
first Credit Event) and after deducting the Loss Threshold Amount of 
40,000,000 would be 675,000.  
• 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (including the previous writedown of 325,000) would be 
9,675,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 675,000. Therefore, the 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 675,000. 
(b) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) 
the Recovery Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery 
Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (before applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
• 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 90 
Reference Entities (500,000 x 90) x Auction Final Price (10%)) = 4,500,000.

--- Page 730 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
704 
 
• 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the recovery of 325,000 in 
respect of the first Credit Event) and after deducting the Recovery Threshold 
Amount of 0 would be 4,825,000. 
• 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (including the previous writedown of 325,000) would be 
9,675,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 4,500,000. Therefore, 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 4,500,000. 
(c) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount 4,500,000) + the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (675,000) = 
5,175,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is further reduced by 5,175,000 (i.e. the 
Principal Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event 
Determination Date. This would be a further partial writedown. 
(b) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 1,500 are determined. The Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount [i.e. max (0, the Note's pro rata share of (i) the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (4,500,000) – Unwind Costs (1,500))] = 
4,498,500 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000 + 
5,175,000)) = 4,500,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount 
(original investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000 + 
5,175,000) + sum of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts (325,000 + 
4,500,000)) is paid. 9,325,000 will be the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount. 
Note: In respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes the examples above assume that no Credit 
Events have occurred in respect of Reference Entities referenced by the relevant Index at the Trade 
Date (or prior to the Issue Date). If such Credit Events have occurred the incurred loss amounts and 
incurred recovery amounts in respect of such Reference Entities (i.e. the Settled Entities) would need 
to be factored in while calculating the aggregate losses and aggregate recoveries and the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount would need to be reduced by the settled entity incurred loss and settled 
entity incurred recovery on the Issue Date.

--- Page 731 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
705 
 
PART B: CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
The Credit Linked Conditions of the Notes set out the specific terms and conditions that apply to only 
Credit Linked Notes for which "2014 Reference Entity" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, where this Part B applies, Part C (Credit Linked Conditions (2003 
Reference Entity)) will not apply. 
The Credit Linked Conditions set out the economic or 'payout' terms of the Credit Linked Notes. These 
are optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Credit Linked 
Notes. The applicable Issue Terms will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series of Credit 
Linked Notes. 
The provisions in this Part B are the conditions (the "Credit Linked Conditions") that will apply to the 
Notes if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Credit Linked Notes" are applicable (the "Credit 
Linked Notes") and "2014 Reference Entity" is applicable. These Credit Linked Conditions apply as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In the case of any inconsistency between these Credit 
Linked Conditions, the General Conditions and any other Schedule, these Credit Linked Conditions will 
prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in italicised shall not form part of 
the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Words and expressions defined or used in the applicable Issue Terms shall have the same meanings where 
used in these Credit Linked Conditions, General Conditions and any other Schedule unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Credit 
Linked Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the Credit Linked 
Notes will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Issue Terms. References in these Credit 
Linked Conditions to "Credit Linked Notes" are to the Credit Linked Notes, as the case may be, of one 
Series only, not to all Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme. In respect of Credit 
Linked Notes which specify more than one Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms, all references 
in these Credit Linked Conditions to "the Reference Entity" shall be construed to refer to "a Reference 
Entity" or the "relevant Reference Entity" in respect of which the relevant determination is made at any 
relevant time and all related provisions and determinations will be construed accordingly. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Credit Linked Conditions to a Credit Linked Condition 
are to the corresponding provision of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Redemption on the Scheduled Maturity Date where no Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event has occurred 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer, PROVIDED THAT a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has not occurred and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall 
be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date at the Maturity Redemption Amount or, in the 
case of a Single Name Credit Linked Note, a Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or 
a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note to which Credit Linked Condition 1(b) (Redemption 
by instalments) applies, its final Instalment Redemption Amount.  
(b) 
Redemption by instalments 
(i) 
Where the Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are Instalment Notes, unless 
the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer, PROVIDED THAT a Relevant Event Determination Date or 
a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has not occurred and subject 
to paragraph (ii) below and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date 
Extension), such Instalment Notes shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date 
at the related Instalment Redemption Amount. The outstanding nominal amount of 
each such Credit Linked Note shall be reduced by the relevant Instalment Redemption

--- Page 732 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
706 
 
Amount (or, if such Instalment Redemption Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Credit Linked Note, such proportion) for all 
purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount 
shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Due Date relating to such Instalment 
Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to an Instalment Date, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, that one of the circumstances set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) has occurred, it shall 
notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. Following such notification, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), any Instalment 
Redemption Amounts due and payable in respect of such Instalment Date and each 
subsequent Instalment Date in each case in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
1(b) (Redemption by instalments) will, until a determination is made by the Calculation 
Agent to the contrary pursuant to paragraph (iii) below, be suspended as of such 
Instalment Date. The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices) as soon as reasonably 
practicable if any payment of Instalment Redemption Amounts on their Notes is 
suspended pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 1(b)(ii). 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that one of the 
circumstances set out in Credit Linked Condition 2(d) (Payment of Suspended Interest 
following announcement by the DC Secretary or determination by the Calculation 
Agent) has occurred, the Credit Linked Notes then outstanding will be partially 
redeemed in an amount equal to the Instalment Redemption Amounts that were 
suspended pursuant to paragraph (ii) above no later than 10 Business Days following 
(I) in the case of Credit Linked Condition 2(d)(i)(A), the relevant announcement by the 
DC Secretary or (II) otherwise, the date on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, 
as applicable, can no longer occur (taking into consideration any Notice Delivery 
Period, Post Dismissal Additional Period, the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal, the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement and 
any Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-Off Date, as 
applicable) or the LA Cut-off Date, as applicable. In such case, no interest or other sum 
shall be payable in respect of the postponement of the payment of such amount. 
(c) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and a corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date or 
a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has occurred:  
(i) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes which are also Credit 
Linked Principal Notes, the Issuer will redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or 
in part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes); 
(ii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer 
will redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes); 
(iii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes); 
(iv) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes);

--- Page 733 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
707 
 
(v) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
write down such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes); 
(vi) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
write down such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes);  
(vii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the 
Issuer will redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 9 (Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes); and 
(viii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer 
will redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 10 (Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes), 
in each case subject to Credit Linked Conditions 16 (M(M)R Restructuring), 23 (Effect of DC 
Resolutions), 24 (Successor Provisions) or, in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes only, Credit Linked Condition 9(g) 
(Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event) or Credit Linked Condition 10(g) 
(Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event), in each case as applicable.  
Upon discharge by the Issuer of its payment or delivery obligations on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date (or, if the Issuer does not have any payment or delivery obligations, upon the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date) pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 
17 (Auction Redemption Terms), 18 (Cash Redemption Terms), 19 (Physical Redemption 
Terms) or 20 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms), as applicable, or otherwise provided herein, 
the Issuer's obligations in respect of such portion of each Credit Linked Note affected by the 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, shall be discharged in full.  
As a result of one or more Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, Securityholders may 
receive less than the principal amount of a Credit Linked Note (and such amount may be zero). 
Any shortfall shall be borne by the Securityholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Early redemption other than following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant 
Risk Event 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early: 
(i) 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions;  
(ii) 
following, if applicable, a Merger Event pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 21 
(Redemption upon Merger Event); or 
(iii) 
following, if applicable, the redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 26(c) (Redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only 
Series),  
each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of its Early Termination 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Substitution Event 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, on the Early Termination Date, Optional Redemption Date 
or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, in each case, in accordance with the applicable 
Conditions. 
Where Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are also Zero 
Coupon Notes, the Early Termination Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
shall be the Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a Relevant Credit 
Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, occurs immediately after an event triggering 
early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes (as described above), the occurrence of the

--- Page 734 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
708 
 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, will be disregarded (to the extent 
that the relevant Credit Linked Notes have not already been redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled) and the Early Termination Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger 
Redemption Amount or Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as applicable, payable to 
Securityholders will be determined on the basis of the event triggering early redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes only. 
2. 
Interest or premium on Credit Linked Notes  
(a) 
Accrual of Interest where a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date has not occurred 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event), and PROVIDED 
THAT the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, interest (if any) shall accrue on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes in accordance 
with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule (as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or 
supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable) to (but excluding) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes); and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, the LA Interest Amount specified in respect of each Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms shall be payable in the Settlement 
Currency on such Interest Payment Date, subject to Credit Linked Condition 9 (Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes) and 10 (Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes), as applicable.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any Credit Linked Note on or after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.  
(b) 
Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and/or the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event, as applicable, and a corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, the payment of interest (if any) or, in respect of Credit 
Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest, in respect of the Applicable Proportion of each 
relevant Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or a 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note) on the relevant Interest Payment Date or the payment 
of the LA Interest Amount (if any) in respect of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, as applicable, on the relevant LA Interest 
Payment Date, as determined in accordance with and subject to Credit Linked Conditions 3 
(Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes), 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes), 9 (Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes) or 10 (Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes), as applicable, will be 
suspended as of: 
(i) 
if "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable Issue Terms:

--- Page 735 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
709 
 
(x) 
the Interest Payment Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, 
immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
where there is no Interest Payment Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as 
applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable Issue Terms, the first Business 
Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable.  
In such case: 
(x) 
in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note), interest (or, in 
respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall accrue on the 
Applicable Proportion of such Credit Linked Note: 
(I) 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Relevant Event Determination Date, or (where there is no Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date), the 
Issue Date 
(II) 
to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date; or 
(y) 
in respect of each relevant Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or a Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Note, the LA Interest Amount corresponding to the 
relevant LA Interest Payment Date shall be payable if, and only if, an LA Interest 
Payment Date occurs during the period: 
(I) 
from (and including) the LA Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, or (where there is no LA Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date), the Issue Date; 
(II) 
to (and including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date. 
(c) 
Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit 
Event or a potential Risk Event 
Subject to Credit Linked Conditions 2(d) (Payment of Suspended Interest following 
announcement by the DC Secretary or determination by the Calculation Agent), 2(e) (Payment 
of Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) and 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), if, on or 
prior to an Interest Payment Date or an LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, the Calculation 
Agent determines that: 
(i) 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been submitted in respect of which a DC 
Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement, a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal) has not been 
published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved 
whether it will convene a meeting to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question; or 
(ii) 
a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and corresponding 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, 
has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Securityholders,  
the payment of any interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent 
Interest) in respect of the Applicable Proportion or of the LA Interest Amount, as applicable,

--- Page 736 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
710 
 
will be suspended as of the Interest Payment Date or the LA Interest Payment Date, as 
applicable, on or immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, or, where there is no Interest Payment Date or 
LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding such Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date, 
notwithstanding that a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, has not then occurred, PROVIDED THAT, in respect of 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
only, the Calculation Agent will determine whether the payment of the LA Interest Amount for 
the relevant LA Interest Payment Date need not be suspended (due to such payment being 
unaffected by the potential Risk Event), in which case such suspension will not apply and the 
LA Interest Amount will be payable as usual on the relevant LA Interest Payment Date.  
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 28 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable if any payment of interest on 
their Notes is suspended pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 2(c). 
The Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (i) on the assumption that (x) a Relevant Credit Event would result in a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, (y) the Relevant Credit Event will not be an M(M)R 
Restructuring and (z) where any Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, is required to 
determine the portion of the Credit Linked Notes subject to interest suspension, a Fixed 
Recovery Percentage of zero per cent. will apply and (ii) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 
(Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes), as 
applicable. 
Except for such portion of interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, 
Contingent Interest) that is suspended in respect of each Credit Linked Note, payment of any 
interest or Contingent Interest, as applicable, on the remaining portion of the relevant Credit 
Linked Note (which is unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as 
applicable) and any Non-Contingent Interest, in each case, if applicable, will be payable to 
Securityholders as usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as 
applicable. 
(d) 
Payment of Suspended Interest following announcement by the DC Secretary or determination 
by the Calculation Agent 
If: 
(i) 
in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question: 
(A) 
an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs; or 
(B) 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs or the DC 
Secretary announces that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
will not be convening to Resolve the relevant Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question;  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Event Determination Date or a 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can no longer occur; or  
(iii) 
the LA Cut-Off Date in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, has occurred, 
as applicable, payment of the suspended interest will be made no later than 10 Business Days 
following (I) in the case of Credit Linked Condition 2(d)(i)(A) above, the relevant 
announcement by the DC Secretary or (II) otherwise, the date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, can no longer occur (taking into consideration any Notice Delivery Period, 
Post Dismissal Additional Period, the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question

--- Page 737 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
711 
 
Dismissal, the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement and any Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-Off Date, as applicable) or the LA Cut-off 
Date, as applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, 
Contingent Interest) shall continue to be suspended until a relevant announcement by the DC 
Secretary (as described above) occurs, the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (as applicable) can occur or an 
LA Cut-Off Date occurs. In such circumstances, Securityholders may not receive any interest 
for multiple Interest Periods and no liability shall attach to the Issuer for any such non-payment 
of interest. 
(e) 
Payment of Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event 
If, a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs on or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) is greater 
than the amount of interest that should have been suspended (taking into consideration 
the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant 
Credit Event or, in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the relevant LA Interest Amount, as 
applicable), the Issuer shall pay an amount equal to: 
(x) 
the interest amount actually suspended; minus 
(y) 
the interest amount that should have been suspended, 
no later than 10 Business Days following the date of such determination by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) is less than 
the amount of interest that should have been suspended (taking into consideration the 
Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant 
Credit Event or, in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the relevant LA Interest Amount, as 
applicable), the Issuer shall deduct the absolute value of (x) the interest amount actually 
suspended minus (y) the interest amount that should have been suspended (the absolute 
value of such amount, the "Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount") from future 
payments of Interest Amounts until the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount is 
reduced to zero, PROVIDED THAT if there is an outstanding Interest Suspension 
Shortfall Amount at the time that the Credit Linked Notes are being redeemed or 
written down in full (whether at maturity or upon early redemption), such interest shall 
be deducted from any amount payable to Securityholders at such time, or where 
"Physical Redemption" or "LA Physical Redemption" applies, Delivery of the relevant 
assets shall take into account any reduction as is required to be effected.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount cannot be 
deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being 
insufficient), the Issuer shall have no further claims against the Securityholders for any 
amounts not deducted. 
(f) 
Calculation of the Auction Redemption Amount or Cash Redemption Amount following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
This Credit Linked Condition 2(f) applies only in relation to Credit Linked Notes which are 
Zero Coupon Notes if Premium Accreted Amount applies in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 738 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
712 
 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Premium Accreted Amount up to and including the Relevant Event Determination Date. 
(g) 
Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event 
This Credit Linked Condition 2(g) applies only if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, 
notwithstanding the suspension of interest pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension 
of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event), the relevant Credit Payment on Maturity Amount shall accrue interest at the Funding 
Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period (regardless of whether "No Interest Accrual on 
Default" or "Interest Accrual on Default" applies), from (and including) the first Business Day 
immediately following the (x) Relevant Event Determination Date or (y) Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, to (but excluding in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii) below 
and including in the case of paragraph (iii) below) the earliest to occur of:  
(i) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Termination 
Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable; and  
(iii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are redeeming in full following a Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, corresponding to the Credit 
Event Redemption Date which results in the relevant Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full,  
such interest, the "Funding Interest Amount". 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 3 shall not apply to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of any one Reference Entity and, 
accordingly, Securityholders are exposed to the credit risk of such Reference Entity only 
(subject to the Successor provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor 
Provisions)). 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Single Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 16 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 24 (Successor Provisions).  
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of such Single Name Credit Linked Note; and  
(ii) 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R 
Restructuring or no successor event has occurred); or

--- Page 739 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
713 
 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount 
divided by (II) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit 
Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
(i) 
Credit Linked Principal Notes 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date: 
(A) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Single 
Name Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
(B) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in 
accordance with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule to (but excluding, in the case of (x) and (y)) or to (and 
including, in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, (y) the Early Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the 
Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event 
Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Date which results in the Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed 
in full; and  
(C) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue 
on the Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on 
Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) (Accrual 
of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(ii) 
Credit Linked Interest Notes 
For Credit Linked Interest Notes, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General 
Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(A) 
any Contingent Interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); and 
(B) 
(x) any Non-Contingent Interest will continue to be payable on the Single 
Name Credit Linked Note and (y) any Contingent Interest will continue to 
accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Single Name Credit Linked 
Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event, in each case, in accordance 
with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule to (but excluding) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date and (y) the Early Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or 
the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full.

--- Page 740 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
714 
 
(iii) 
Scheduled Maturity Date 
In the case of Credit Linked Principal Notes and Credit Linked Interest Notes, if the 
Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to an 
Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would 
have been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a 
Credit Event, interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Principal Notes: 
(A) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 
10 Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(B) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT such date falls no later than the date 
on which the Notes are redeemed in full;  
(C) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event 
Date, as applicable; or 
(D) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business 
Days following the first Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes: 
(A) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(B) 
such date as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(C) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event 
Date, as applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Principal Notes following a Credit Event 
This Credit Linked Condition will apply to Credit Linked Principal Notes only. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, (x) the Issuer 
will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note in accordance 
with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" 
Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Physical Redemption" Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in 
the Issue Terms and (y) where a Credit Linked Note is an Instalment Note, from (and including) 
the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, any Instalment Redemption Amount(s) 
relating to such Applicable Proportion that is due and payable on any Instalment Date(s) will be 
disregarded and any future Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to the outstanding 
portion (if any) of such Credit Linked Note shall be proportionately reduced as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 741 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
715 
 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the 
Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the 
Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the 
Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 
(Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Physical

--- Page 742 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
716 
 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note as if Physical Redemption had 
been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single 
Name Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash 
Redemption Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where 
applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Physical Redemption 
Terms).  
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such Single 
Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
No redemption of Credit Linked Interest Notes following a Credit Event 
This Credit Linked Condition will apply to Credit Linked Interest Notes only. 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date and notwithstanding that: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note has been 
determined for the sole purpose of calculating the amount of interest that has ceased to 
accrue in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3(d)(ii) (Credit Linked Interest 
Notes); and  
(ii) 
a Credit Event Redemption Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes will remain outstanding in full until the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, whereupon each Single Name Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 1(a) (Redemption on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
where no Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event has occurred) and the occurrence of 
such Relevant Credit Event shall be disregarded. For the avoidance of doubt, Credit Linked 
Conditions 16(b) (Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following partial exercise), 17 (Auction 
Redemption Terms), 18 (Cash Redemption Terms), 19 (Physical Redemption Terms) and 20 
(Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms) will not apply to such Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 743 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
717 
 
4. 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 4 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities. 
All Reference Entities in the basket are subject to the occurrence of one or more Credit Events; 
however, redemption is only triggered if a Credit Event occurs in respect of the nth Reference 
Entity (and such Credit Event in respect of the nth Reference Entity will be a Relevant Credit 
Event for the purpose of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes).  
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit 
Linked Conditions 16 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 24 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R 
Restructuring or no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount 
divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Nth-to-Default Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit 
Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event); 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in 
accordance with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) 
the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Termination 
Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, 
which results in the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, 
and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit

--- Page 744 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
718 
 
Event Redemption Date which results in the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on 
Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) (Accrual of Interest 
at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, PROVIDED THAT such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes 
are redeemed in full;  
(iii) 
if the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, needs to have occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity), the Issuer 
will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note in 
accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Cash 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Physical Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, 
as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption

--- Page 745 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
719 
 
Date at the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note 
on the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Auction Redemption 
Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note as if Cash Redemption had been 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date 
at the Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
18 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note as if Physical 
Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash

--- Page 746 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
720 
 
Redemption Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where 
applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Physical Redemption 
Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity 
Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date 
Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
5. 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 5 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities. 
If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity (not affecting the other Reference 
Entity/ies in the basket), such Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part to 
reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference Entity and accordingly, 
Securityholders are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in 
proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 16 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 24 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note; and

--- Page 747 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
721 
 
(ii) 
(x) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity immediately prior to the Relevant Credit Event, divided by (II) the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or no 
successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount 
divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Linear Basket Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event 
is not an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event); and 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event, in accordance with 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) an Early Termination Date, Optional 
Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event 
Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
which results in the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) (Accrual of Interest at 
Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;

--- Page 748 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
722 
 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, PROVIDED THAT such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes 
are redeemed in full;  
(iii) 
if the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note in accordance with 
the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, the "Physical Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or 
the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at 
the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the 
Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as 
the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event

--- Page 749 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
723 
 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the 
Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 
(Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes as if Physical Redemption had 
been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash 
Redemption Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where 
applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Physical Redemption 
Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 750 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
724 
 
6. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of the performance of component 
Reference Entities of a specified Index (which will be either an iTraxx® or CDX index®). 
If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed in part to reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference 
Entity and accordingly, Securityholders are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity 
in the Index in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the Index. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 16 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 24 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity immediately prior to the Relevant Credit Event, divided by (II) the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or no 
successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, 
divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an 
M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Index Untranched 
Partial Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant 
Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs 
pursuant to application of Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor 
Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of

--- Page 751 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
725 
 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event); and 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance 
with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Termination Date, the Optional 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Date which results in the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in 
full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) (Accrual of Interest at 
Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, PROVIDED THAT such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes 
are redeemed in full; or  
(iii) 
if the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note in accordance 
with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 752 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
726 
 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date 
at the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on 
the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note as if Cash Redemption had been 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at 
the Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
18 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final

--- Page 753 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
727 
 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Amendment to Index Annex 
The Index Annex will be deemed amended from time to time to reflect any modifications 
resulting from Credit Linked Conditions 24 (Successor Provisions), 26(a) (Standard Reference 
Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation) and 26(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation) and the definitions of Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference 
Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Successor as set out in Credit Linked Condition 
31 (Definitions). 
(h) 
Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuer may deliver a Credit Event Notice or a Successor Notice unless 
a notice has previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules 
requesting that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve a DC Credit Event Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, 
as applicable, with respect to the facts described in with respect to the facts described in such 
Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, and either (i) a DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal has occurred, (ii) the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a determination or (iii) 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions to convening the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matter have not been satisfied in 
accordance with the DC Rules. Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, 
delivered in breach of the requirements in this Credit Linked Condition 6(h) shall be deemed 
not to have been delivered. 
(i) 
Restructurings in respect of component Reference Entities of an Index 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a component 
Reference Entity of the relevant Index (such Reference Entity, a "Restructured Entity"), from 
(and including) the calendar day immediately following the date of such DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the relevant Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended without 
the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms: 
(i) 
the Restructured Entity will be deemed to have been removed from the Index and the 
Index Annex; and 
(ii) 
the portion of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes relating to such Restructured 
Entity will not redeem but will instead continue as Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
referencing the Restructured Entity with the same economic terms and conditions that 
such Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes had immediately before such DC Credit 
Event Announcement, except that the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6(i) 
shall not apply (such new Credit Linked Notes, the "New Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes") and if exercised, the Applicable Proportion of each New Single Name Credit 
Linked Note will redeem in accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 6(f) (Redemption following a Credit Event); and 
(iii) 
following such event, and unless Resolved otherwise by a relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee, such New Single Name Credit Linked Notes (referencing 
solely the Restructured Entity) shall apply such that the economic terms of the New 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes as closely as possible preserve the economic

--- Page 754 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
728 
 
equivalent of the relevant Credit Linked Notes immediately before the DC Credit Event 
Announcement and the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such New Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes shall be to the Reference Entity Notional Amount with 
respect to the Restructured Entity immediately prior to the DC Credit Event 
Announcement. 
New Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be treated for all 
purposes as Single Name Credit Linked Notes under these Credit Linked Conditions. 
7. 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 7 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of a specified tranche which is 
linked to the performance of the component Reference Entities of a specified Index (which will 
be either an iTraxx® or CDX® index).  
If a Relevant Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes will be written down and/or partially redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the 
incurred loss and/or any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity 
(to the extent that such incurred loss/incurred recovery amount falls within the tranche to which 
the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to), and any incurred recovery amount in 
respect of such Affected Reference Entity will be payable to Securityholders following the 
Relevant Credit Event in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 7(f) (Redemption following 
a Credit Event). Accordingly, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the Index in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the Index. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 16 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 24 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the relevant Principal Writedown 
Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of

--- Page 755 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
729 
 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is an Index Tranched Incurred Loss 
Amount and/or an Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount greater than zero with 
respect to an Affected Reference Entity, for the purpose of calculating the interest due 
on the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes going forward, each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note then outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share of the Principal 
Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date 
(notwithstanding, where "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies and there is an Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, that the Index Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount shall be not be payable until the Final Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable) purely for the purposes of determining the interest 
amount accrued; and 
(iii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Note (after, if applicable, any writedown of the Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes by the Principal Writedown Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 7(d)(ii) above) unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in 
accordance with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) 
the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Termination 
Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, 
which results in the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and 
(z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date which results in the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full; and  
(iv) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) 
(Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies and: 
(x) 
an Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is determined (but there is no Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount and therefore no Credit Event 
Redemption Date has occurred), a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price 
Determination Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
otherwise, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date;

--- Page 756 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
730 
 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, PROVIDED THAT such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes 
are redeemed in full; or 
(iii) 
if the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will 
partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, 
as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Index Tranched 
Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) 
as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 
15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in 
whole on the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched

--- Page 757 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
731 
 
Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 
(Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) 
as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 
15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption 
Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Redemption 
Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the outstanding 
portion of each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Amendment to Index Annex 
The Index Annex will be deemed to be amended from time to time to reflect any modifications 
resulting from Credit Linked Conditions 24 (Successor Provisions), 26(a) (Standard Reference 
Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation) and 26(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation) and the definitions of Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference 
Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Successor as set out in Credit Linked Condition 
31 (Definitions). 
(h) 
Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuer may deliver a Credit Event Notice or a Successor Notice unless 
a notice has previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules 
requesting that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve a DC Credit Event Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, 
as applicable, with respect to the facts described in with respect to the facts described in such 
Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, and either (i) a DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal has occurred, (ii) the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a determination or (iii) 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions to convening the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matter have not been satisfied in 
accordance with the DC Rules. Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, 
delivered in breach of the requirements in this Credit Linked Condition 7(h) shall be deemed 
not to have been delivered.

--- Page 758 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
732 
 
8. 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 8 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of a specified tranche which is 
linked to the performance of the component Reference Entities of a bespoke basket. 
If a Relevant Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes will be written down and/or partially redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the 
incurred loss and/or any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity 
(to the extent that such incurred loss/incurred recovery amount falls within the tranche to which 
the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to), and any incurred recovery amount 
in respect of such Affected Reference Entity will be payable to Securityholders following the 
Relevant Credit Event in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 8(f) (Redemption following 
a Credit Event). Accordingly, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 16 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 24 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Principal Writedown Amount 
in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, divided by (II) the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss 
Amount and/or a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount greater than zero with 
respect to an Affected Reference Entity, for the purpose of calculating the interest due 
on the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes going forward, each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share of the 
Principal Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date 
(notwithstanding, where "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, that the Portfolio

--- Page 759 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
733 
 
Tranched Final Redemption Amount shall be not be payable until the Final Auction 
Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date, as applicable) purely for the 
purposes of determining the interest amount accrued; and 
(iii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note (after, if applicable, any writedown of the Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note by the Principal Writedown Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 8(d)(ii) above) unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in 
accordance with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) 
the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Termination 
Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, 
which results in the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, 
and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date which results in the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
being redeemed in full; and 
(iv) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) 
(Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on:  
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies and: 
(x) 
a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is determined (but there is no 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount and therefore no Credit Event 
Redemption Date has occurred), a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price 
Determination Date, as applicable; or  
(y) 
otherwise, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, PROVIDED THAT such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes 
are redeemed in full; or  
(iii) 
if the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will

--- Page 760 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
734 
 
partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, 
as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Portfolio 
Tranched Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in 
whole on the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 
(Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on 
the Final Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption

--- Page 761 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
735 
 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption 
Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the 
outstanding portion of each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount (if 
"Credit Payment on Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 
(Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
9. 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the 
Issuer purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of Reference Investor Assets 
of one Reference Entity where such Reference Entity is a sovereign of, or a corporate in, a local 
access jurisdiction and where such Reference Investor Assets are held by a Reference Investor 
in such local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, in addition to the credit risk of such Reference 
Entity, Securityholders are also exposed to additional risks associated with such local access 
jurisdictions.  
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Risk Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Risk Event with respect to Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Local Access Single 
Name Partial Nominal Amount divided by (II) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
(where partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 24 
(Successor Provisions)).

--- Page 762 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
736 
 
(d) 
Impact of Risk Event on Accrual of Interest 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4 to 21 will not be 
applicable to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and the provisions of this Credit 
Linked Condition 9(d) shall apply instead. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
the payment of the LA Interest Amount corresponding to the LA Interest Payment Date 
of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note will be suspended in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event), 
PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent shall determine whether the payment of the 
LA Interest Amount for the relevant LA Interest Payment Date need not be suspended 
(due to such payment being unaffected by the potential Risk Event), in which case such 
suspension will not apply and the LA Interest Amount will be payable as usual on the 
relevant LA Interest Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, if the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Note is not reduced to zero, the LA Interest Amount will continue to be payable 
on the relevant LA Interest Payment Date as usual (but only to the extent of any 
apportioned amount following any multiple successor determination or other 
adjustment deemed necessary to give effect to the terms of the Credit Linked 
Conditions as determined by the Calculation Agent) with respect to each Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Note to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and 
including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
(y) the Early Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution 
Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, except that in 
the case of (y) and (z) interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest 
Payment Date has occurred on or prior to the relevant dates referred to in (y) and (z); 
and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on 
Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) (Accrual of Interest 
at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an LA Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would 
have been such LA Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Risk 
Event, interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) 
from (and including) the LA Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date (or if there is no LA Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and 
including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date shall be payable on:  
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, PROVIDED

--- Page 763 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
737 
 
THAT interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date 
has occurred prior to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, PROVIDED THAT interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA 
Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the relevant LA Valuation Date and further 
PROVIDED THAT such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in full; 
(iii) 
if the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the 
Early Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, 
as applicable, PROVIDED THAT interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant 
LA Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the relevant Early Termination Date, 
the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date, PROVIDED THAT interest shall be payable if, and 
only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the first Delivery 
Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event)), (x) the 
Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Note in accordance with the "LA Cash Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method, the "LA 
Physical Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method or the "LA Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms and (y) where a 
Credit Linked Note is an Instalment Note, from (and including) the occurrence of a Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, any Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to such 
Applicable Proportion that is due and payable on any Instalment Date(s) will be disregarded and 
any future Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to the outstanding portion (if any) of such 
Credit Linked Note shall be proportionately reduced as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption shall apply where "LA Cash Redemption" is specified as the 
Risk Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Risk Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Risk Event" and (ii) LA Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note on the LA 
Cash Redemption Date at the LA Cash Redemption Amount in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 18(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) LA Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Note on the Final LA Cash Redemption Date at the Final LA

--- Page 764 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
738 
 
Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18(c) 
(LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
LA Physical Redemption 
LA Physical Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If LA Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each 
Securityholder of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note's pro rata share 
of the LA Settlement Assets by the LA Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note's pro rata share 
of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 19(k) (LA Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If LA Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) 
(Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the 
Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note on the 
LA Cash Redemption Date at the LA Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment 
following Risk Event" occurs) or the Final LA Cash Redemption Date at the Final LA 
Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on Maturity" occurs) in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 18(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms), PROVIDED THAT 
the LA Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined using the Fixed Recovery 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms instead of the LA Recovery 
Amount, as further set out in the definition of "LA Cash Redemption Amount" in 
Credit Linked Condition 31 (Definitions). 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, the occurrence of the LA Cash Redemption Date or the 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge 
the Issuer's obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Note. For the avoidance of doubt, in such 
circumstance, the loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be 
deemed to be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be payable or assets 
deliverable to the Securityholders. The Securityholders will bear the loss of their entire 
principal and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
Where "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity 
Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date 
Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists, 
then:

--- Page 765 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
739 
 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent will, in its sole discretion, determine the amount by which any 
payment due to the Securityholders, or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be 
Delivered to the Securityholders, shall be reduced (PROVIDED THAT, such reduction 
amount shall be in the currency of the payment due or an amount of LA Settlement 
Assets (rounded down to the nearest denomination of the LA Settlement Assets)), as 
the case may be, and equal to each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note's 
pro rata share of the Regulatory Change Cost; and 
(ii) 
thereafter notify the Issuer of such adjustments. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 28 (Notices) of the occurrence of the foregoing event as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(h) 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest 
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Interest" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event), if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to the 
last day of the final Calculation Period that there would be an Interest Tax Deduction Amount 
in respect of a payment of interest (howsoever described) in respect of the Reference Investor 
Assets, then any payment(s) of interest due to the Securityholder(s) shall be reduced by an 
amount that in aggregate is equal in value to the allocable proportion of such Interest Tax 
Deduction Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal 
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Principal" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event) above, if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior 
to the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable and 
(ii) an Early Termination Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes being early 
redeemed in full, that there would be a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in respect of a payment 
of principal (howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference Investor 
Assets, then any payment(s) of principal due to the Securityholder(s) (including any Early 
Termination Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount), or 
amount of LA Settlement Assets to be delivered to the Securityholder(s) (rounded down to the 
nearest denomination of the LA Settlement Assets), shall be reduced by an amount that in 
aggregate is equal in value to the allocable proportion of such Principal Tax Deduction Amount, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(j) 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity  
Where "FX Forward Rate" and "RMB Illiquidity" both apply, all references to "RMB 
Illiquidity" in the Terms and Conditions will be deemed to refer to "RMB Illiquidity (FX)".  
10. 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 10 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of Reference Investor Assets of two 
or more Reference Entities where such Reference Entities are sovereigns of, or corporates in, a 
local access jurisdiction and where such Reference Investor Assets are held by a Reference 
Investor in such local access jurisdiction. If a Risk Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity 
(not affecting the other Reference Entity/ies in the basket), such Local Access Basket Credit

--- Page 766 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
740 
 
Linked Notes will be redeemed in full (if "Redemption in Full" applies) or in part (if 
"Redemption in Part" applies) to reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference 
Entit(y)(ies) and accordingly, Securityholders are not only exposed to the credit risk of each 
Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to its weighting but are also exposed to additional 
risks associated with such local access jurisdictions.   
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Risk Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date with respect to Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes where Relevant 
Risk Events and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than 
one Reference Entity in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 24 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of such Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note; 
and 
(ii) 
(x) 
if "Redemption in Full" applies to such Credit Linked Notes, 100 per cent. 
(where no successor event has occurred); 
(y) 
if "Redemption in Part" applies to such Credit Linked Notes, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity immediately 
prior to the Relevant Risk Event, divided by (II) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes (where no 
successor event has occurred); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Local Access Basket 
Partial Nominal Amount divided by (II) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes (where partial 
redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor 
Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Risk Event on Accrual of Interest 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4 to 21 will not be 
applicable to Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and the provisions of this Credit Linked 
Condition 10(d) shall apply instead. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
the payment of the LA Interest Amount corresponding to the LA Interest Payment Date 
of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note will be suspended in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event), PROVIDED THAT 
the Calculation Agent shall determine whether the payment of the LA Interest Amount 
for the relevant LA Interest Payment Date need not be suspended (due to such payment 
being unaffected by the potential Risk Event), in which case such suspension will not 
apply and the LA Interest Amount will be payable as usual on the relevant LA Interest 
Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, if the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes is not reduced to zero, the LA Interest Amount will continue to be payable on

--- Page 767 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
741 
 
the relevant LA Interest Payment Date as usual (but only to the extent of any 
apportioned amount following any multiple successor determination or other 
adjustment deemed necessary to give effect to the terms of the Credit Linked 
Conditions as determined by the Calculation Agent) with respect to each Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including 
in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early 
Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date corresponding 
to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, except that in the case of (y) and (z) 
interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has 
occurred on or prior to the relevant dates referred to in (y) and (z); and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) (Accrual of Interest at 
Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an LA Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would 
have been such LA Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Risk 
Event, interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the LA Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no LA Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and 
including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date shall be payable on:  
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, PROVIDED 
THAT interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date 
has occurred prior to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, PROVIDED THAT interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA 
Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the relevant LA Valuation Date and further 
PROVIDED THAT such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in full; 
(iii) 
if the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, PROVIDED THAT interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant 
LA Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the relevant Early Termination Date, 
the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date, PROVIDED THAT interest shall be payable if, and 
only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the first Delivery 
Date.

--- Page 768 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
742 
 
(f) 
Redemption following a Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 10(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event)), (x) the 
Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
in accordance with the "LA Cash Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method, the "LA 
Physical Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method or the "LA Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms and (y) where a 
Credit Linked Note is an Instalment Note, from (and including) the occurrence of a Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, any Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to such 
Applicable Proportion that is due and payable on any Instalment Date(s) will be disregarded and 
any future Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to the outstanding portion (if any) of such 
Credit Linked Note shall be proportionately reduced as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption shall apply where "LA Cash Redemption" is specified as the 
Risk Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Risk Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Risk Event" and (ii) LA Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 10(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note on the LA Cash 
Redemption Date at the LA Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 18(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) LA Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes on the Final LA Cash Redemption Date at the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18(c) (LA 
Cash Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
LA Physical Redemption 
LA Physical Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If LA Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each 
Securityholder of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the 
LA Settlement Assets by the LA Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 19(k) (LA Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled

--- Page 769 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
743 
 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If LA Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 10(g) 
(Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the 
Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note on the LA 
Cash Redemption Date at the LA Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment 
following Risk Event" occurs) or the Final LA Cash Redemption Date at the Final LA 
Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on Maturity" occurs) in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 18(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms), PROVIDED THAT 
the LA Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined using the Fixed Recovery 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms instead of the LA Recovery 
Amount, as further set out in the definition of "LA Cash Redemption Amount" in 
Credit Linked Condition 31 (Definitions). 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, the occurrence of the LA Cash Redemption Date or the 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge 
the Issuer's obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Note. For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, 
the loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be deemed to be 100 
per cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the 
Securityholders. The Securityholders will bear the loss of their principal with respect 
to such proportion of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes impacted by the 
Risk Event and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
Where "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists, 
then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent will, in its sole discretion, determine the amount by which any 
payment due to the Securityholders, or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be 
Delivered to the Securityholders, shall be reduced (PROVIDED THAT, such reduction 
amount shall be in the currency of the payment due or an amount of LA Settlement 
Assets (rounded down to the nearest denomination of the LA Settlement Assets)), as 
the case may be, and equal to each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note's pro rata 
share of the Regulatory Change Cost; and 
(ii) 
thereafter notify the Issuer of such adjustments. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 28 (Notices) of the occurrence of the foregoing event as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(h) 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest 
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Interest" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event), if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to the 
last day of the final Calculation Period that there would be an Interest Tax Deduction Amount

--- Page 770 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
744 
 
in respect of a payment of interest (howsoever described) in respect of the Reference Investor 
Assets, then any payment(s) of interest due to the Securityholder(s) shall be reduced by an 
amount that in aggregate is equal in value to the allocable proportion of such Interest Tax 
Deduction Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal 
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Principal" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event) above, if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior 
to the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable and 
(ii) an Early Termination Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes being early redeemed 
in full, that there would be a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in respect of a payment of 
principal (howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference Investor Assets, 
then any payment(s) of principal due to the Securityholder(s) (including any Early Termination 
Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount), or amount of LA 
Settlement Assets to be delivered to the Securityholder(s) (rounded down to the nearest 
denomination of the LA Settlement Assets), shall be reduced by an amount that in aggregate is 
equal in value to the allocable proportion of such Principal Tax Deduction Amount, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(j) 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity  
Where "FX Forward Rate" and "RMB Illiquidity" both apply, all references to "RMB 
Illiquidity" in the Terms and Conditions will be deemed to refer to "RMB Illiquidity (FX)". 
(k) 
Reference Registry 
In respect of a Series and the related Reference Registry (setting out the Reference Assets), any 
reference to the "original face amount" of such Reference Assets shall be read as a reference to 
the aggregate principal amount of those Reference Assets. Where the relevant context requires, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, a reference to the Reference Assets may be a reference 
to a particular Reference Asset or to the aggregate of all such Reference Assets then referenced 
in the Reference Registry and none of the Issuer or the Guarantor, nor any of their Affiliates or 
agents, shall be obliged to hold any Reference Assets or pursue any remedies they may have 
with respect thereto (even if the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their Affiliates or agents 
transfers any Reference Assets to the Securityholder(s) or refers to the market value of the 
Reference Assets in connection with the satisfaction of the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Notes following the declaration of any Risk Event).  
Any reference to a Reference Asset that is immediately followed by a numerical designator (for 
example, "Reference Asset 1") shall refer to such Reference Asset as so designated in the 
applicable Issue Terms, with the terms as set out in relation to such Reference Asset in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
11. 
Index Swaption Provisions 
The provision of this Credit Linked Condition 11 will apply if "Index Swaption" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms.  
(a) 
Hypothetical Index Swaption 
The Credit Linked Notes will be linked to a hypothetical index swaption. For the purposes of 
making calculations of interest under the Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will be deemed on the 
Issue Date to have entered into the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction with the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty.  
(b) 
Swaption Interest Amount 
The value of the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction at expiration will determine whether 
a Swaption Interest Amount is payable in respect of the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 771 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
745 
 
If the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction expires at an amount payable to the Swaption 
Buyer (i.e. there is a positive Hypothetical Swaption Cash Settlement Amount), a Swaption 
Interest Amount shall be payable in respect of each Credit Linked Note on the Swaption Interest 
Amount Payment Date.  
If the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction expires out of the money for the Swaption 
Buyer (i.e. the Hypothetical Swaption Cash Settlement Amount is zero), no Swaption Interest 
Amount shall be payable in respect of the Credit Linked Notes. 
(c) 
Determinations and Discretions 
If the terms of the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction provide for the Buyer, the Seller 
or the Calculation Agent under the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction (the "Swap 
Calculation Agent") to make a determination or calculation or exercise a discretion pursuant 
to the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction, such determination, calculation or such 
exercise of a discretion, as the case may be, shall be made by (i) in the case of the Buyer (subject 
as provided below), the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, (ii) in the case of the Seller, the Calculation Agent acting in its sole and absolute 
discretion, or (iii) in the case of the Swap Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent acting in its 
sole and absolute discretion. In making any determination pursuant to (ii) above in its capacity 
as Seller under the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction, the Calculation Agent shall act in 
its sole and absolute discretion, is under no obligation to consider the interests of the 
Securityholders and shall have no duties or responsibilities and shall not be liable to 
Securityholders or any other party in exercising such discretions and making such 
determinations and calculations. 
If the terms of the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction provide for the Buyer, the Seller 
and/or the Swap Calculation Agent to agree or consult with each other in respect of any 
calculation or determination in respect of the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction, such 
obligation shall be deemed not to apply and to be replaced by the obligation of the Calculation 
Agent acting in its sole and absolute discretion to make the relevant calculation or 
determination. 
(d) 
Notices under the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction 
If the terms of the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction oblige the Buyer, the Seller or the 
Swap Calculation Agent to give or deliver a notice to any person, subject to any confidentiality 
restrictions as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall give or deliver such notice to the 
Issuer. Upon such delivery, the relevant notice shall be deemed to be validly given pursuant to 
the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction. As soon as reasonably practicable after delivery 
of such notice to the Issuer and subject to any confidentiality restrictions as provided below, 
copies of any such notice shall be made available, upon request by any Securityholder who 
provides evidence satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent of their holding of Credit Linked 
Notes, at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
Where the content of any notice relates to confidential information, (i) the Calculation Agent 
may require the Issuer and/or any Securityholder to enter into a confidentiality agreement on 
such terms as the Calculation Agent may specify; or (ii) such notice may not be made available 
to the Issuer and/or any Securityholder (as applicable). 
The failure by the Calculation Agent to give or deliver any notice in relation to the Hypothetical 
Index Swaption Transaction to the Securityholders (whether or not such failure is attributable 
to confidentiality restrictions) shall not result in a breach of the Conditions or affect the validity 
of any notice deemed to have been given pursuant to the Hypothetical Index Swaption 
Transaction. 
(e) 
Swaption Adjustment Event 
If a Swaption Adjustment Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms:

--- Page 772 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
746 
 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to (A) make such adjustment(s), if any, to the terms of 
the Credit Linked Notes as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate 
to account for the Swaption Adjustment Event, and (B) determine the effective date(s) 
of the adjustment(s) to the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), 
redeem each Note on the Early Termination Date by payment of an amount per Note 
equal to its Early Termination Amount. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, notify the Issuer of the existence 
of a Swaption Adjustment Event and shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) of any determination made 
by it pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 11(e)(i) above and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto. 
(f) 
Additional provisions 
Where, pursuant to General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), some but not all of the 
Credit Linked Notes are purchased and cancelled or further Credit Linked Notes are issued 
pursuant to General Condition 14 (Further Issues), the Calculation Agent may adjust the 
Conditions (including, without limitation, the Swaption Floating Rate Payer Calculation 
Amount and/or the Swaption Original Notional Amount under the Hypothetical Index Swaption 
Transaction) as it determines to be appropriate, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, to preserve for the Securityholders the economic equivalent of the payment 
obligations of the Issuer (if any) in respect of the outstanding Credit Linked Notes after the 
purchase and cancellation or issue, as the case may be, of such Credit Linked Notes. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment(s), the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) giving 
details thereof. 
12. 
Credit Event Notice, Risk Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information 
Securityholders should note that Credit Linked Conditions 12(a) and 12(b) are specific to Credit 
Linked Notes in respect of which a Credit Event Notice is relevant and will therefore not apply 
to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
If a Credit Event Notice and, if "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information 
is required to be delivered for an effective Notice Delivery Date and related Event 
Determination Date to occur, and accordingly, the Calculation Agent shall deliver the Credit 
Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information to the Issuer. The 
Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), forward them to the Fiscal Agent to make available 
to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices). 
(b) 
If a Credit Event Notice and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information is not 
required to be delivered in order for an Event Determination Date to occur, the Calculation 
Agent shall give written notice not less than five Business Days prior to the date for redemption 
or writedown, as applicable, of the Credit Linked Notes (or a portion thereof) containing the 
same information required to be included in a Credit Event Notice and if applicable, a Notice 
of Publicly Available Information to the Issuer. The Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), 
forward them to the Fiscal Agent for delivery to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 28 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent's determination of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, will, in 
the absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on all persons (including, without 
limitation, the Fiscal Agent and each Securityholder). 
(d) 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent or one or more of their respective 
affiliates will have any liability whatsoever for the failure of the Calculation Agent for any 
reason to determine that a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred or with respect 
to the Calculation Agent or the Issuer's timing as to when to deliver a Credit Event Notice or

--- Page 773 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
747 
 
Risk Event Notice, as applicable, and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information nor will they have any duty or responsibility to investigate or check whether any 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has, or may have, occurred or may be continuing. 
13. 
Relevant Time 
(a) 
Event timing 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices) and Credit Linked Condition 13(b) (Payment 
timing), in order to determine the day on which an event occurs for the purposes of these Credit 
Linked Conditions, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is the market 
convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time zone in which 
such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred 
immediately prior to midnight. 
(b) 
Payment timing 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Credit Event Notice" or "Risk Event Notice" and Credit 
Linked Condition 13(a) (Event timing), if a payment is not made by the relevant Reference 
Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then 
such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight 
Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is 
the market convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time 
zone of its place of payment. 
14. 
Event Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events 
(a) 
Occurrence of Event Determination Date 
If, following the determination of an Event Determination Date, such Event Determination Date 
is deemed by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer (i) to have occurred on a date that is 
different from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date, (ii) 
not to have occurred, or (iii) to have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if 
applicable, LA Interest Payment Date), then: 
(i) 
in respect of the event specified at (ii) only, where the Credit Linked Notes have not 
already been redeemed or written down in full, the redemption or writedown of the 
Credit Linked Notes shall be cancelled and the Credit Linked Notes shall continue in 
accordance with their terms as if the relevant Event Determination Date had not 
occurred; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any of the events specified at (i), (ii) or (iii) above, the Calculation Agent 
will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine (I) the adjustment payment, if any, 
that is payable to Securityholders to reflect any change that may be necessary to the 
amount previously calculated and/or paid in respect of the relevant Series; and (II) the 
date on which such adjustment payment is payable, if any and thereafter notify the 
Issuer of such adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be 
taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment, 
and in the case of (iii) above, subject to Credit Linked Condition 2 (Interest or premium on 
Credit Linked Notes). 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 28 (Notices) of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events as soon as 
practicable thereafter without the consent of Securityholders being required to make the above 
adjustments. 
(b) 
Ordering of Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple 
Credit Events or Risk Events

--- Page 774 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
748 
 
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs in 
respect of more than one Reference Entity, if applicable, on the same day, the occurrence of the 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, will be determined 
chronologically in the order that either of the following events occurred with respect to such 
Reference Entity/ies: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (PROVIDED THAT if a Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date occurs in respect of more than one such Reference Entity on 
the same day, the first Reference Entity in respect of which the DC Secretary 
announces that the relevant DC Credit Event Question was effective and the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of the relevant 
Publicly Available Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question will be 
deemed to have satisfied this condition first) (a "DC-determined EDD"); or 
(ii) 
the delivery of the Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable 
(PROVIDED THAT if any of the relevant Credit Event Notices or Risk Event Notices, 
as applicable, are delivered at the same time, in a sequential order determined by the 
Calculation Agent) (a "Notice-determined EDD"), 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(A) 
if a Notice-determined EDD is amended by the occurrence of a DC-determined EDD, 
the DC-determined EDD will govern;  
(B) 
if both (x) one or more DC-determined EDDs and (y) one or more Notice-determined 
EDDs occur on the same day, any such DC-determined EDD shall be deemed to have 
occurred prior to any such Notice-determined EDD, notwithstanding the exact time of 
the occurrence of such events on such day; and 
(C) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice is delivered 
following a DC Credit Event Announcement, the Relevant Credit Event and related 
Relevant Event Determination Date shall be construed as having occurred under Credit 
Linked Condition 14(b)(i) instead of Credit Linked Condition 14(b)(ii).  
15. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, that: 
(I) 
one or more Reference Entities: 
(x) 
may be subject to (A) a Credit Event or (B) a Risk Event, as applicable; 
(y) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, if "Grace Period Extension" 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(z) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, if 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms;  
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, may be delivered after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery period which may result in a 
Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurring; 
(III) 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but during the Notice Delivery Period which may result in a Relevant Event 
Determination Date occurring; 
(IV) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, or the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date in 
relation to any Physical Redemption, as applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled

--- Page 775 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
749 
 
Maturity Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback 
Cash Redemption Date, as applicable); 
(V) 
a Payment Failure Cut-Off Date in relation to a Payment/Delivery Failure Event may 
occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(VI) 
an RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, 
it shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer shall then notify the Securityholders 
and the Credit Linked Notes then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date but shall instead be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. 
If any amount is payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Credit Linked Note (including 
any interest payment) to which the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 15 apply, such 
amount shall fall due on the Extended Maturity Date and shall be payable without any interest 
or other sum payable in respect of the postponement of the payment of such amount. 
16. 
M(M)R Restructuring 
Securityholders should note that this Credit Linked Condition 16 does not apply to Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 16, the definitions of "Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount" and "Reference Entity Notional Amount" shall be construed in accordance 
with the provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions) where 
apportionment of calculation amounts as a result of multiple successors being identified is to 
be applied. 
(a) 
Credit Event Notice after an M(M)R Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple 
Credit Event Notices with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring to the Issuer (who shall forward 
such notice(s) to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Securityholders), each such Credit 
Event Notice specifying either (i) the amount of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Credit Linked Notes to which such Credit Event Notice applies or (ii) the amount of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, to which such Credit Event 
Notice applies as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent which may: 
(I) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, be less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of such Credit Linked Notes; or 
(II) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, may be less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity, 
(such amounts specified in the Credit Event Notice, the "Exercise Amount"), PROVIDED 
THAT if the Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, then: 
(A) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice; or 
(B) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect 
of the Affected Reference Entity immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event 
Notice,

--- Page 776 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
750 
 
in either case, as determined by the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have been specified as 
the Exercise Amount. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, where 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice has been delivered for an 
Exercise Amount that is less than (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes, or (ii) the Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the 
Affected Reference Entity, in each case, as at the date immediately prior to the delivery of such 
Credit Event Notice, the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply 
to a principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the 
relevant provisions shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following partial exercise 
If a Credit Event Notice has been delivered in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that specifies 
an Exercise Amount that (x) in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, is less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes or, (y) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
specifies an Exercise Amount that is less than the Affected Reference Entity's Reference Entity 
Notional Amount, then: 
(i) 
the relevant provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes) and 8  (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) relating to the redemption or 
writedown of Credit Linked Notes shall apply to the Exercise Amount, including for 
the purposes of calculating the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or the 
Physical Redemption Assets to be Delivered to Securityholders or, in the case of Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, for the 
purposes of calculating the relevant Loss Amount, Recovery Amount and 
corresponding Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount, Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable. In such circumstances, the Calculation 
Agent may adjust such provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions and/or applicable 
Issue Terms as it determines appropriate to take account of this Credit Linked 
Condition 16, including the basis of the calculation of any Credit Event Redemption 
Amount, the Principal Writedown Amount or the Physical Redemption Assets to be 
Delivered to Securityholders; 
(ii) 
following any payment of a relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or Delivery of 
the Physical Redemption Assets to Securityholders or any other determination made 
in respect of any Exercise Amount, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount or 
Reference Entity Notional Amount (as applicable) for the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity shall (in all cases without double counting) be reduced by an amount equal to 
the Exercise Amount (and for the avoidance of doubt, where applicable, the aggregate 
of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts shall be reduced accordingly). The Credit 
Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest (if applicable) shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount as provided for in General Condition 4 
(Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the Calculation Agent may 
thereafter deliver one or more further Credit Event Notices in respect of such 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount to which the Credit Linked Conditions shall 
continue to apply; and 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may adjust the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions 
and/or the applicable Issue Terms in such manner as it may determine to be appropriate 
to account for such event.

--- Page 777 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
751 
 
(c) 
Subsequent Credit Events 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) in the case of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, once 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity, no further Credit 
Event Notices may be delivered in respect of any Reference Entity other than the Affected 
Reference Entity that was the subject of the first occurring Restructuring Credit Event; and (ii) 
in the case of a Credit Linked Note subject to multiple successor determinations or a Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, an Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note or a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, the fact that a Restructuring Credit 
Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity shall not preclude delivery of a Credit Event 
Notice in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
(d) 
Endorsement of Global Registered Note Certificate to reflect partial redemption 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 16 apply in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, 
on any redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note, the relevant Credit Linked Note or, 
if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, such Global 
Registered Note Certificate, shall be endorsed to reflect such part redemption on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date. 
(e) 
Exercise Amount 
The Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an M(M)R 
Restructuring must be (i) an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Settlement Currency 
(or, if Yen, 100,000,000 units) or an integral multiple thereof; or (ii) the entire Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or the entire Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, as applicable. 
The Exercise Amount must be an amount that (x) in the case of Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, is not greater than the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount, or (y) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, is not greater than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity.  
The Exercise Amount shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent. 
17. 
Auction Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Fallback Redemption 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 23(d) (Redemption Suspension), if the Calculation Agent 
determines with respect to a Credit Event and any relevant Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question, Applicable Resolution and/or Applicable Auction, that: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date has occurred;  
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred (and, in circumstances where such No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 17(a) or 
sub-paragraphs (b) or (c)(ii) under the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date", 
the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement Option);  
(iii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred but the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not determined that one or more Auctions will be held 
in accordance with any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or, if applicable, 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms;  
(iv) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or  
(v) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to the definition of 
"Standard Event Determination Date" or pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition 
of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event Resolution Request

--- Page 778 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
752 
 
Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such 
Relevant Event Determination Date, or  
(vi) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(b)(ii)(B)(II)(2) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date", 
then, the Fallback Redemption Method shall apply and the Issuer shall redeem each Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption Terms) (if Cash 
Redemption is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method) or 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Physical Redemption Terms) (if "Physical 
Redemption" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method). 
(b) 
Movement Option 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" applies and the Calculation Agent determines in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring 
that a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of 
the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date", the Calculation Agent may elect in its sole 
and absolute discretion to deliver a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer (who will 
then send a subsequent notice to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Securityholders) at 
any time on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. If a Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option is so delivered, then any redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be effected by the 
Issuer by payment of the relevant Auction Redemption Amount on the relevant Auction 
Redemption Date(or, if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, by payment of the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount on the Final Auction Redemption Date), as applicable, and any such 
redemption and/or writedown of the Credit Linked Notes shall be determined on the basis of the 
Auction Final Price determined by reference to the relevant Parallel Auction identified by the 
Calculation Agent in the Notice to Exercise Movement Option. If a Notice to Exercise 
Movement Option is delivered by the Calculation Agent, all references in these Credit Linked 
Conditions to "Applicable Auction", "Applicable Auction Settlement Terms", "Auction 
Cancellation Date" and "Auction Final Price Determination Date" shall be deemed to be 
references to the "Parallel Auction", "Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" and "Parallel Auction 
Cancellation Date" and the terms of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(c) 
Auction Final Price of the Asset Package 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and the Auction Final Price for the Applicable 
Auction reflects the entire relevant Asset Package in respect of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation(s) or Package Observable Bond(s), as applicable (including any cash forming part 
of the Asset Package and the Asset Market Value of any Non-Financial Instrument or Non-
Transferable Instrument), the Auction Redemption Amount, Final Auction Redemption 
Amount, Loss Amount or Recovery Amount (calculated for the purpose of determining the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any), 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(if any), as applicable), as applicable), shall be determined using such Auction Final Price. 
(d) 
Delivery of Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
shall deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Issuer and the Issuer shall deliver 
the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no later than five Business Days 
following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Securityholders 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices). 
In the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the Calculation Agent will inform the Issuer, for notification to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Securityholders, as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination thereof of (i) any

--- Page 779 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
753 
 
Loss Amount or Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, irrespective of 
whether the Aggregate Loss Amount or Aggregate Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable, is 
less than or equal to the Loss Threshold Amount or Recovery Threshold Amount, respectively, 
and (ii) any Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity.  
18. 
Cash Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Determination of Final Price 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 23(d) (Redemption Suspension), on the Valuation 
Date, the Calculation Agent shall commence determination of the Final Price using the 
Valuation Obligation to be valued.  
(ii) 
If: 
(I) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include 
accrued but unpaid interest; 
(II) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall not include 
accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(III) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based 
on the then current market practice in the market of the Valuation Obligation 
whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount 
thereof. 
(b) 
Delivery of Cash Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, after obtaining 
all Quotations for a Valuation Date and determining the Final Price (such date of determination, 
the "Final Price Determination Date"), provide the Issuer with a Cash Redemption Amount 
Notice. The Issuer shall deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no 
later than five Business Days following the Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent 
shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to 
the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices). 
In the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the Calculation Agent will inform the Issuer, for notification to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Securityholders, as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination thereof of (i) any 
Loss Amount or Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, irrespective of 
whether the Aggregate Loss Amount or Aggregate Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable, is 
less than or equal to the Loss Threshold Amount or Recovery Threshold Amount, respectively, 
and (ii) any incurred Loss Amount or incurred Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected 
Reference Entity. 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset Package and 
such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal 
Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, 
to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event and (B) if the Asset 
Package is zero, a Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
applicable, equal to zero.

--- Page 780 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
754 
 
(c) 
LA Cash Redemption Terms 
(i) 
Provision of Risk Event Notice 
Following the determination of a Relevant Risk Event by the Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a Risk Event Notice 
to the Issuer, who shall thereafter forward such notice to the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal 
Agent shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than the LA Cash 
Redemption Date, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Determination of LA Recovery Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the LA Recovery Amount on the LA Valuation 
Date. 
19. 
Physical Redemption Terms  
(a) 
Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 23(d) (Redemption Suspension) and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, and unless previously redeemed 
in full or purchased and cancelled, if (a) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) Physical Redemption 
is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires that the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes 
in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 19 following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked 
Note, shall, subject to and in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 19, be 
redeemed by, in respect of each Securityholder: (i) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant 
Securityholder) of the Physical Redemption Assets specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, on or prior to the Physical 
Redemption Date in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19(b) (Physical 
Redemption Assets), and (ii) payment of the Partial Cash Redemption Amount or 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (if applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms) or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19(j)(iii) (Asset Package Delivery), pursuant 
to which the Issuer's obligations in respect of the redemption of the Applicable 
Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall be fully and effectively discharged.  
(ii) 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes that are only partially redeemed, the remaining 
portion of each Credit Linked Note which is not so redeemed shall be redeemed on the 
later of (i) the later to occur of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable, at the Maturity Redemption Amount, and (ii) where the 
Credit Linked Notes early redeem in full, the Early Termination Date, Optional 
Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
(iii) 
In order for the Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 19: 
(A) 
Upon receiving notification of the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event and 
a corresponding Notice of Physical Settlement from the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer shall forward the relevant Credit Event Notice and such Notice of 
Physical Settlement to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices) as 
soon as practicable and, in any case, prior to the relevant Physical Redemption 
Date. 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent may, at any time, deliver to the Issuer a NOPS 
Amendment Notice stating that the Issuer would be replacing, in whole or in

--- Page 781 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
755 
 
part, the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which such 
notice shall be sent to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices). 
(C) 
The relevant Securityholder shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (and where the 
relevant Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, to the Registrar), prior to 
3.00 p.m. (London) on the 10th Business Day following the date of effective 
delivery by the Fiscal Agent of the Notice of Physical Settlement to the 
Securityholders and, if relevant, any NOPS Amendment Notice, a duly 
completed notice in writing (a "Deliverable Obligation Notice"): 
(I) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global 
Registered Note Certificate, specifying the Series number of the 
Credit Linked Notes which is the subject of the Deliverable 
Obligation Notice; 
(II) 
including such details as are required for the transfer or assignment 
of the Physical Redemption Assets which may include, without 
limitation, (a) the name, address and/or details of the relevant 
Securityholder's (or the Securityholder's designee's) account at 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or DTC, as applicable (the 
"Relevant Clearing System"), to be debited with such Physical 
Redemption Assets and/or any bank, broker, agent or designee of the 
Securityholder to whom documents evidencing the transfer of 
Physical Redemption Assets to be delivered; and (b) irrevocably 
instructing and authorising the Relevant Clearing Systems to debit 
the relevant Securityholder's account to complete Delivery; 
(III) 
specifying the name and details of the account to which the Partial 
Cash Redemption Amount, Fallback Cash Redemption Amount or 
Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) is to 
be credited; 
(IV) 
containing an acknowledgment that an amount equal to each Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of all Unwind Costs, Delivery 
Expenses or Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount (in each case, if 
any) shall be deducted from the Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount; 
(V) 
certifying, either (i) in respect of Credit Linked Notes represented by 
a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial 
owner of each such Credit Linked Note is not a U.S. person (as 
defined in the Deliverable Obligation Notice), the Note is not being 
redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and 
no cash, notes or other property have been or will be delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person 
in connection with any redemption thereof; or (ii) in respect of Credit 
Linked Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each such Credit Linked 
Note is a Permitted QIB Purchaser; 
(VI) 
authorising the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, as provided in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement; 
(VII) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are in definitive form, including the 
definitive Credit Linked Notes;  
(VIII) 
providing a Euroclear screenshot of each Securityholder's holdings; 
and

--- Page 782 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
756 
 
(IX) 
containing a confirmation that the Credit Linked Notes will not be 
transferred until Delivery is completed, subject in any case to any 
transfer restrictions. 
(iv) 
Forms of the Deliverable Obligation Notice will be delivered to the Securityholders 
together with the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
(v) 
No Deliverable Obligation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the 
Relevant Clearing System, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, as provided above. After delivery of a Deliverable Obligation Notice (i) such 
relevant Securityholder or its designee (on its behalf), as applicable, shall be the only 
person entitled to delivery of its portion of the Physical Redemption Assets, and as 
such (ii) the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Credit Linked Notes which 
are the subject of such notice. 
(vi) 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Deliverable Obligation Notice may result in 
such notice being treated as null and void and deemed to not have been provided. Any 
determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed and delivered as 
provided in these Credit Linked Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent, on the Issuer's behalf, and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the relevant Securityholder. 
(vii) 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and payment of the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) in 
respect of each Securityholder shall be made by the Issuer in accordance with the 
details specified in the applicable Deliverable Obligation Notice. 
(b) 
Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to this Credit Linked Condition 19(b), the Issuer may only Deliver the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
(A) 
Until the date on which the Physical Redemption Assets have been fully 
Delivered, the Issuer or any other person (including the Issuer's Affiliates) 
will continue to be the legal holder of the Deliverable Obligations comprising 
the Physical Redemption Assets. None of the Issuer nor any such other person 
will (A) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any 
Securityholder or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, circular or 
any other document or payment whatsoever received by the Issuer or that 
other person in its capacity as legal holder of such Deliverable Obligations, 
(B) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights 
(including voting rights) attaching to such Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Physical Redemption Assets, (C) be under any liability to such 
Securityholder or any other person in respect of any loss or damage which 
such Securityholder or other person may sustain or suffer as a result, whether 
directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or any other person being the legal holder 
of such Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets, 
or (D) have any liability whatsoever to any Securityholder or any other person 
if, as a result of a Payment/Delivery Failure Event or pursuant to any of Credit 
Linked Conditions 19(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of 
Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation) to 19(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) (both inclusive) or Credit 
Linked Condition 19(j)(v) (Asset Package Delivery), it is unable to effect 
Delivery of any Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption 
Assets and the obligations hereunder shall be satisfied by partial cash 
settlement or fallback cash redemption (if applicable) or shall cease, and be 
deemed to be fully discharged in accordance with the Credit Linked 
Conditions.

--- Page 783 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
757 
 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that all or any part of the Physical Redemption 
Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a Securityholder is not a whole integral 
multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical Redemption Assets at 
the relevant time of Delivery, the Issuer will Deliver and such Securityholder will only 
be entitled to receive such portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the 
Issuer which is as large a size as possible (as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
after consideration of such smallest unit or units of transfer and application of rounding 
to such amount, whether upwards or downwards to the nearest unit of transfer, in its 
sole discretion). Any portion of the Physical Redemption Assets not so delivered shall 
be deemed to have a value of zero and the Issuer's obligations to the Securityholders 
in respect of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged.  
(c) 
Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Credit Linked Condition 19(a) (Delivery of 
Physical Redemption Assets), the Issuer may elect to Deliver to Securityholders Deliverable 
Obligations with an Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable Amount, as applicable 
(or the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), that is (i) greater than, or (ii) less 
than, that which each Securityholder would otherwise have been entitled to receive by way of 
Physical Redemption Assets.  
If: 
(i) 
the Issuer exercises its election pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 19(c); or  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Deliverable Obligations set out in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, cannot be 
Delivered due to an event (including, without limitation, any delay in settlement of any 
Applicable Auction) which results in the Issuer and/or its Affiliates not receiving the 
relevant Deliverable Obligations under its Hedging Positions (such obligations which 
cannot be Delivered, a "Hedge Disruption Obligation"),  
the Issuer may attempt to continue to Deliver without prejudice to the provisions set out in 
Credit Linked Condition 19(a) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) and the Calculation 
Agent may (but is not obliged to) after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the 
trading price of any alternative Deliverable Obligation, provide notice to the Issuer (which shall 
be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to Securityholders) that alternative 
Deliverable Obligation(s) will be delivered in lieu of any other Deliverable Obligation specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, satisfying on 
the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date, each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms and otherwise satisfying the 
requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such instrument shall be deemed 
specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that 
it is deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date).  
If no Delivery has been completed on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash 
redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and 
Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be 
Delivered and the Issuer shall pay to each Securityholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata 
share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For 
such purpose, the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered (including the Hedge 
Disruption Obligations) shall constitute an "Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" for the 
purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms 
and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
(d) 
Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality  
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to 
Deliver, or due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer it is impossible or illegal for any 
Securityholder to accept Delivery of, any of the Deliverable Obligations (other than a Prior

--- Page 784 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
758 
 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond if an Asset Package Credit Event has 
occurred) specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, on the Physical Redemption Date (including, without limitation, failure of the 
relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation or court order, but excluding market 
conditions or the failure to obtain any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans), 
then on or before such date:  
(i) 
the Issuer shall Deliver and the Securityholder shall take Delivery of any of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take Delivery; 
and  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall provide a description in reasonable detail of the facts giving 
rise to such impossibility or illegality and, as soon as practicable thereafter, the Issuer 
shall Deliver and the Securityholder shall take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice as 
applicable which were not delivered on the Delivery Date. 
The date on which the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which were not Delivered and are subsequently 
Delivered shall be the date on which the Issuer is deemed to have completed Delivery of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, relating to the Relevant Credit Event.  
If following the occurrence of any such impossibility or illegality, the amount of Deliverable 
Obligations that are to be Delivered as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, are not delivered to the Securityholders on or prior to 
the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then Cash Redemption in accordance with the 
partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms 
and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall apply with respect to the Deliverable Obligations 
that cannot be Delivered (the "Undeliverable Obligations"). 
(e) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice include Consent Required Loans that, due to the non-receipt of 
any requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being 
assigned or novated to the Securityholder or its designee, as applicable, and such 
consents are not obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
in the applicable Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant 
participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 
19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed 
to apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Consent Required Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the 
"Undeliverable Loan Obligations"). 
(f) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice include Assignable Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any

--- Page 785 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
759 
 
requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being assigned 
or novated to the Securityholder or its designee, as applicable, and such consents are 
not obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
in the applicable Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant 
participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 
19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed 
to apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or last NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Assignable Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the "Unassignable 
Obligations"). 
(g) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Participations 
If the Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations and the relevant participation 
is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption 
pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to apply to the 
Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable that consist of Direct Loan 
Participations in respect of which the relevant participation is not effected (the "Undeliverable 
Participations"). 
(h) 
Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered 
(i) 
If the Issuer has not Delivered any Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that are Loans 
(other than any Loan which (i) is a Prior Deliverable Obligation which the Issuer has 
notified the Fiscal Agent it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu thereof, or (ii) 
forms part of an Asset Package which the Issuer has notified the Fiscal Agent it intends 
to Deliver) on or prior to the date that is five Business Days after the relevant Physical 
Redemption Date (the "Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date"), Credit Linked 
Condition 19(h)(ii) shall apply unless (A) "Reference Obligation Only" has been 
specified as the Deliverable Obligation Category in the applicable Issue Terms, (B) in 
the case of a Consent Required Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required 
Loans" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in which case 
Credit Linked Condition 19(e) (Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans) 
shall apply), (C) in the case of an Assignable Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of 
Assignable Loans" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in 
which case Credit Linked Condition 19(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable 
Loans)) shall apply), (D) in the case of a Direct Loan Participation, "Partial Cash 
Redemption of Participation" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms (in which case Credit Linked Condition 19(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of 
Participations) shall apply) or (E) in any case, such failure to Deliver is due to an event 
described in Credit Linked Condition 19(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to 
Impossibility or Illegality) (in which case Credit Linked Condition 19(d) (Partial Cash 
Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) shall apply). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer has failed to obtain the requisite consents to Deliver a Loan specified in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, at 
any time after the 15th Business Day following the Loan Alternative Procedure Start 
Date, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) Deliver, in lieu of all or part of such Loan 
and after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any 
alternative Deliverable Obligation, any, subject to "Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Conditionally Transferable Obligation", Bond that is Transferable and Not Bearer

--- Page 786 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
760 
 
or any Assignable Loan, and having on both the Physical Redemption Date and the 
Delivery Date each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (other than Consent 
Required Loan or Direct Loan Participation), if any, specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and otherwise satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation 
(and such instrument shall be deemed specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which 
will be effective notwithstanding the fact that it is deemed specified after the Physical 
Redemption Date). In the event that the Deliverable Obligations or other Deliverable 
Obligations to be delivered in lieu of all or part of such Loan are not Delivered on or 
prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit 
Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash 
Redemption Terms) with respect to the Loans specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, or alternative Deliverable 
Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer shall pay 
Securityholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such purpose, the 
Deliverable Obligations not Delivered shall constitute "Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligations" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 19(i) 
(Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
(i) 
Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms 
The following terms apply for the purposes of the partial cash redemption terms referred to in 
Credit Linked Conditions 19(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) to 
19(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) and for the purposes of the 
fallback cash redemption terms referred to in Credit Linked Condition 22(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver): 
(i) 
If Cash Redemption is deemed to apply pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition, the 
Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets 
corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (each an 
"Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation") the Partial Cash Redemption Amount on 
the Partial Cash Redemption Date, and in respect of the Physical Redemption Assets 
which cannot be delivered as described in Credit Linked Conditions 22(b) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver), 19(c) (Election to deliver 
alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation), 19(h) 
(Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered), 19(j)(iii) or 19(j)(v) (each, 
an "Undelivered Deliverable Obligation"), the Issuer shall pay in respect of the 
portion of the Physical Redemption Assets corresponding to the applicable 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations, the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date (each as determined in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 19(i)); 
(ii) 
"Partial Cash Redemption Amount" means an aggregate amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of all Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations, 
representing in respect of each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal 
to the greater of (A) (I) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable 
Amount or the Currency Amount, as applicable, of such Undeliverable Deliverable 
Obligation (or in the case of an Asset Package, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond), as the case may be, multiplied by (II) the Final Price with 
respect to such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner), minus (III) 
Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in 
calculating the principal amount of the relevant Physical Redemption Assets to deliver) 
and (B) zero;  
(iii) 
"Partial Cash Redemption Date" and "Fallback Cash Redemption Date" means the 
date as selected by the Calculation Agent up to and including the date falling 10 
Business Days following the Final Price Determination Date;

--- Page 787 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
761 
 
(iv) 
"Fallback Cash Redemption Amount" has the same meaning as set out in "Partial 
Cash Redemption Amount", PROVIDED THAT each reference therein to 
"Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation" shall be deemed to be a reference to 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligation"; 
(v) 
"Reference Obligation" means, in respect of the determination of the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount, each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation and in respect of the 
determination of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount, each Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation; 
(vi) 
"Valuation Date" means the date that is two Business Days after the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date; 
(vii) 
"Valuation Method" means Highest or, if fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained, Market Value; 
(viii) 
"Quotation Method" means Bid; 
(ix) 
"Quotation Amount" means, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency which shall be converted by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates 
in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of 
such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as 
applicable, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent may in its discretion, acting in 
a commercially reasonable manner, round up or down the Quotation Amount for the 
purposes of seeking a Quotation; 
(x) 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or 
if no such time is specified, the time specified by the Calculation Agent, which shall 
be as close as reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for 
transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation, as applicable, unless the Calculation Agent determines that the principal 
trading market for transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, would be closed at such time or 
such transactions are not being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at 
such time, in which event the Valuation Time shall be such other time as may be 
specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market is open; 
(xi) 
"Market Value" means, with respect to an Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or 
an Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, on a Valuation Date, (A) if more 
than three Full Quotations are obtained the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the same highest and lowest values (and, if 
more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest and lowest value, then one 
of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (B) if exactly three 
Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the 
highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have 
the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations 
shall be disregarded); (C) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic 
mean of such Full Quotations; (D) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained then, 
subject to sub-paragraph (B) of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount that the 
Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more 
Full Quotations are obtained; and (E) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained 
on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the 
Valuation Date, the Market Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full 
Quotation is obtained, the Market Value shall be determined as provided in limbs (B) 
to (D) of the definition of "Quotation" below;

--- Page 788 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
762 
 
(xii) 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of 
either (a) if the Reference Obligation is not an Asset Package, the Reference 
Obligation's Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
or (b) if the Reference Obligation is an Asset Package, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond to which the Asset Package relates, in each case, with 
respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to 
each Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation 
Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the Valuation 
Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each 
Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant 
Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on 
the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the 
Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the Quotations shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(C) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with the specification or 
determination made pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event); 
(D) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market 
practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable 
Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation, Unassignable Obligation or 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, whether such Quotations shall include 
or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
(j) 
Asset Package Delivery 
(i) 
If an Asset Package Credit Event occurs then "Asset Package Delivery" will apply 
unless (A) such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop 
Date determined in respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or 
DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to an Event Determination Date, (B) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior 
to such Asset Package Credit Event, or (C) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and 
"2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014)" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Issue Terms (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published 
by ISDA). 
(ii) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (A) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond forming part of the Physical Redemption Assets which is 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event, (B) the definition of "Deliver" shall be deemed to apply to each 
Asset in the Asset Package, PROVIDED THAT if any such Asset is not a Bond, it 
shall be treated as if it were a Loan for this purpose, (C) if the Asset Package is zero, 
the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following 
the date on which the Issuer has notified the Fiscal Agent of the detailed description of 
the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in accordance with the definition of "Notice

--- Page 789 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
763 
 
of Physical Settlement", (D) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of 
the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of 
each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (E) if the relevant Asset 
is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be 
deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value, converted if 
necessary into the currency of denomination of the Credit Linked Notes at the 
prevailing market rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the preceding sub-paragraphs of this Credit Linked Condition 19(j), 
the Issuer may elect in lieu of delivering all or any part of the Asset Package (such 
assets, the "Non-Deliverable Asset Package") as Physical Redemption Assets to pay 
to the Securityholders the Asset Market Value of the Non-Deliverable Asset Package, 
converted if necessary, into the currency of denomination of the Credit Linked Notes 
at the prevailing market rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith (such cash payment the "Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount"). Payment 
of the Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount shall be made on or before the tenth 
Business Day following determination of the Asset Market Value of the Non-
Deliverable Asset Package and such date of payment shall be deemed to be the Physical 
Redemption Date.  
(iv) 
In determining the Asset Market Value, the Calculation Agent may also deem Cash 
Redemption to apply pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms) with respect to the Asset Package and the Issuer shall pay each Securityholder 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata amount of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount 
on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date in satisfaction of its payment obligation with 
respect to the Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount. For such purpose, the related 
Asset Package shall constitute an "Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" for the 
purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption 
Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) and the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date shall be the date the Calculation Agent deems Cash Redemption to 
apply. 
(v) 
If the Issuer has not satisfied its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset 
Package in the correct proportion on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) instead Deliver, after taking into 
account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any alternative Deliverable 
Obligation, any other Deliverable Obligation selected the Issuer and having on both 
the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date each of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
otherwise satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such 
Deliverable Obligation shall be deemed specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice 
which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that it is deemed specified after the 
Physical Redemption Date). If Delivery of the Asset Package or any other Deliverable 
Obligation in lieu of the same is not completed on or prior to the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant 
to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Asset 
Package which has not been Delivered and the Issuer shall pay each Securityholder 
their Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on 
the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. 
(vi) 
For such purpose, the entire Asset Package shall constitute an "Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 
19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) and the 
Issuer shall pay the Securityholder the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date.

--- Page 790 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
764 
 
(k) 
LA Physical Redemption Terms 
(i) 
Provision of Risk Event Notice 
Following the determination of a Risk Event by the Calculation Agent shall, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Issuer, who shall 
thereafter forward such notice to the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, but not later than the LA Physical Redemption Date, deliver 
the Risk Event Notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 28 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Delivery of LA Settlement Assets 
(A) 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if LA Physical 
Redemption is specified as the Risk Event Redemption Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note 
shall be redeemed by: (I) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant Securityholder) 
of the LA Settlement Assets on or prior to the LA Physical Redemption Date 
and (II) payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) 
(as set out in Credit Linked Condition 19(k)(iii) (Payment of the 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any)). 
(B) 
In order for the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, to be redeemed in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 19(k)(ii), the relevant 
Securityholder shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (and where the relevant Credit 
Linked Note is in definitive form, to the Registrar), prior to 3.00 p.m. 
(London) on the 5th Business Day following the date of effective delivery by 
the Fiscal Agent of the Risk Event Notice to the Securityholders, a duly 
completed notice in writing (a "Deliverable Obligation Notice"): 
(I) 
in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global 
Registered Note Certificate, specifying the Series number of the 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, which is the subject of 
the Deliverable Obligation Notice; 
(II) 
including such details as are required for the transfer or assignment 
of the LA Settlement Assets which may include, without limitation, 
(I) the name, address and/or details of the relevant Securityholder's 
(or the Securityholder's designee's) account at the Relevant Clearing 
System, to be debited with such LA Settlement Assets and/or any 
bank, broker, agent or designee of the Securityholder to whom 
documents evidencing the transfer of LA Settlement Assets to be 
delivered; and (II) irrevocably instructing and authorising the 
Relevant Clearing Systems to debit the relevant Securityholder's 
account to complete Delivery; 
(III) 
specifying the name and details of the account to which the 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) is to be 
credited; 
(IV) 
containing an acknowledgment that an amount equal to (as 
applicable) each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note's or 
each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of all 
Unwind Costs, Delivery Expenses or Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount (in each case, if any) shall be deducted from the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount;

--- Page 791 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
765 
 
(V) 
certifying, either (I) in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
represented by a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, 
that the beneficial owner of each such Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note is 
not a U.S. person (as defined in the Deliverable Obligation Notice), 
the Note is not being redeemed within the United States or on behalf 
of a U.S. person and no cash, notes or other property have been or 
will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any redemption thereof; 
or (II) in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes represented by a Rule 
144A Global Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial owner 
of each such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Note, as applicable, is a Permitted QIB 
Purchaser; 
(VI) 
authorising the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, as provided in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement; 
(VII) 
if the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are in definitive form, including 
the definitive Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable;  
(VIII) 
providing a Euroclear screenshot of each Securityholder's holdings; 
and 
(IX) 
containing a confirmation that the Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable, will not be transferred until Delivery is completed, 
subject in any case to any transfer restrictions. 
(C) 
Forms of the Deliverable Obligation Notice will be delivered to the 
Securityholders together with the Risk Event Notice. 
(D) 
No Deliverable Obligation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by 
the Relevant Clearing System, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as 
the case may be, as provided above. After delivery of a Deliverable Obligation 
Notice (x) such relevant Securityholder or its designee (on its behalf), as 
applicable, shall be the only person entitled to delivery of its portion of the 
LA Settlement Assets, and as such (y) the relevant Securityholder may not 
transfer the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, which are the subject of such 
notice. 
(E) 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Deliverable Obligation Notice may 
result in such notice being treated as null and void and deemed to not have 
been provided. Any determination as to whether such notice has been properly 
completed and delivered as provided in these Credit Linked Conditions shall 
be made by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent, on the 
Issuer's behalf, and shall be conclusive and binding on the relevant 
Securityholder. 
(F) 
Delivery of the LA Settlement Assets and payment of the Undeliverable LA 
Cash Redemption Amount (if any) in respect of each Securityholder shall be 
made by the Issuer in accordance with the details specified in the applicable 
Deliverable Obligation Notice.

--- Page 792 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
766 
 
(iii) 
Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) 
Upon Delivery of the LA Settlement Assets, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
redemption of the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, as applicable, shall be fully 
and effectively discharged, PROVIDED THAT if in the determination of the Issuer: 
(A) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be 
impossible, illegal or in breach of any restriction (whether regulatory, 
fiduciary or contractual) to obtain, hold or deliver some or all of the LA 
Settlement Assets (including any such LA Settlement Assets held by or on 
behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) to the Securityholders, including 
circumstances in which a Market Disruption Event is subsisting; and/or 
(B) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be 
impracticable (whether on grounds of illiquidity or otherwise) and/or it is not 
commercially reasonable for the Issuer to obtain, hold or deliver some or all 
of the LA Settlement Assets (including any such LA Settlement Assets held 
by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) to the Securityholders; 
and/or 
(C) 
due to circumstances within the control of the Securityholders (including, 
without limitation, the Securityholders not having opened or notified the 
Issuer of its specified account, given any required certifications or as a result 
of limb (b) of the definition of "Payment/Delivery Failure Event" occurring), 
the Issuer is unable to arrange, or conditions are not fulfilled, for the delivery 
of some or all LA Settlement Assets, 
and such circumstances continue up to and including the LA Physical Redemption 
Date, then the Issuer shall have no further delivery obligations hereunder to the 
Securityholders with respect to those LA Settlement Assets which are affected by such 
circumstances described in paragraphs (A), (B) or (C) above (the "Undeliverable 
Assets") and the Issuer shall, in respect of the Undeliverable Assets in respect of any 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Note, as applicable, held by a Securityholder, pay to the specified account of that 
Securityholder on the LA Cash Redemption Date the Undeliverable LA Cash 
Redemption Amount. 
(iv) 
Determination of Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption 
Amount on the LA Valuation Date. 
20. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Redemption Amount 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 23 (Effect of DC Resolutions), unless previously redeemed 
in full or purchased and cancelled, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, then following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall 
redeem or be written down in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption 
Terms), PROVIDED THAT: 
(i) 
the Final Price shall be deemed to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage 
(specified in the applicable Issue Terms with respect to an Affected Reference Entity 
and the related Relevant Event Determination Date) and the Cash Redemption Amount 
or the Final Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, shall be determined using such 
Fixed Recovery Percentage, as further set out in the definitions of "Cash Redemption 
Amount" and "Final Cash Redemption Amount" in Credit Linked Condition 31 
(Definitions);

--- Page 793 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
767 
 
(ii) 
the "Final Price Determination Date" shall be the date on which the Final Price is 
deemed to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage; and 
(iii) 
Single Valuation Date will be deemed to have been specified as the applicable 
Valuation Date on which the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, shall be determined. 
(b) 
Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the occurrence of the relevant Cash Redemption Date or Final Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount in respect of an Affected 
Reference Entity will be deemed to be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be 
payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. The Securityholders will bear the loss of 
their principal with respect to such proportion of the Credit Linked Notes impacted by the Credit 
Event and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
21. 
Redemption upon Merger Event 
If "Redemption following Merger" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in the event that the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices) and 
redeem each Credit Linked Note in full or in part on the Early Termination Date at the Merger 
Redemption Amount (PROVIDED THAT if nothing is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
"Redemption following Merger" shall apply). 
This Credit Linked Condition 21 shall not apply in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes.  
22. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event 
(a) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
This Credit Linked Condition 22(a) shall not apply where a RMB Disruption Event has occurred 
(in which case, General Condition 8(j)  (Occurrence of a RMB Disruption Event) shall apply). 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (a) of such definition has 
occurred and exists, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22(c) (No additional interest) below, 
the obligation of the Issuer to pay the relevant amount will be postponed until such time that the 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event no longer exists or is cured (including, without limitation, 
where the Securityholder requests the Issuer in writing to make payment of such amount to such 
other account or to such other person as the Securityholder specifies and represents to the Issuer 
that such payment to its designee will discharge the Issuer's obligations to the Securityholder in 
respect of such payment). Where such postponement applies, the Issuer shall give notice of such 
postponement to the Securityholders ("Payment Failure Event Notice") as soon as reasonably 
practicable in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if the Issuer 
determines (in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) that such 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist for such number of Business Days specified 
in the Issue Terms or, if no number of Business Days is specified in the Issue Terms, 90 Business 
Days following the later to occur of (a) any scheduled payment date or the (b) Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable (the "Payment Failure Cut-Off Date") 
in respect of an amount required to be paid (including where the Securityholder has not elected 
for payment to be made to a third party or other account (if applicable) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 22(c) (No additional interest) above, no such payment will be made by the

--- Page 794 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
768 
 
Issuer and the Issuer's obligations to the Securityholder hereunder will be deemed to be fully 
discharged as of that date.  
(b) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
This Credit Linked Condition 22(b) shall not apply to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes (instead, Credit Linked Condition 19(k)(iii) 
(Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any)) shall apply). 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (b) of such definition has 
occurred, the obligations of the Issuer to procure Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets 
to such Securityholder shall, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 19(a) (Delivery of Physical 
Redemption Assets) and 23(d) (Redemption Suspension) cease and if "Fallback Cash 
Redemption" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with 
respect to the Physical Redemption Assets that cannot be Delivered on or prior to the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date and the Issuer shall pay each Securityholder each Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Physical Redemption Assets shall constitute an 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes of application of Credit Linked 
Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
If "Fallback Cash Redemption" is not specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms and if 
such Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist on the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer shall have no further liability or obligation whatsoever in respect of 
such Credit Linked Note and no obligation to deliver the Physical Redemption Assets on or after 
the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. However, if the Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event ceases to exist or is cured prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the 
obligation of the Issuer to Deliver the Physical Redemption Assets will be postponed to a date 
determined by the Issuer to be no later than 10 Business Days following the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date (the "Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date"). 
(c) 
No additional interest 
Any postponement or deemed discharge of payment pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 
22 will not constitute a default hereunder (including for the purpose of the definition of "Events 
of Default") and will not entitle the relevant Securityholder to any additional interest or other 
payment as a result thereof. 
23. 
Effect of DC Resolutions 
(a) 
Binding nature 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
binding with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Notes in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
(b) 
Event Determination Dates 
(i) 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
A Relevant Event Determination Date which is determined by the Calculation Agent 
to apply to the Credit Linked Notes will be binding with respect to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Reversal of DC Credit Event Announcement 
If a prior DC Resolution or the occurrence of an Event Determination Date is 
subsequently reversed prior to:

--- Page 795 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
769 
 
(A) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Credit Linked Interest Notes), 
the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Physical Redemption 
Date, redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in full, a Valuation Date or a 
Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, the earlier of: 
(1) 
the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date, redemption of 
the Credit Linked Notes in full or a Valuation Date; and 
(2) 
the date falling one calendar year from (and including) (x) the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (if "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies) or 
(y) the Relevant Event Determination Date (if "Interest Accrual on 
Default" applies),  
a Credit Event shall be deemed not to have occurred with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity for the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions.  
(iii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, an Event 
Determination Date may occur in respect of each Reference Entity referenced in the 
basket or Index, as applicable, PROVIDED THAT, other than in respect of an M(M)R 
Restructuring (if applicable), an Event Determination Date shall apply only once to 
each such Reference Entity. 
(iv) 
Multiple successor determinations 
Where multiple successors have been determined in respect of a Reference Entity in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions), an Event 
Determination Date may occur in respect of each successor Reference Entity. 
(c) 
Determinations in respect of Successors and Substitute Reference Obligations 
If a DC Resolution relating to Successors or Substitute Reference Obligations is subsequently 
reversed after the identification of a Successor or a Substitute Reference Obligation by the 
Calculation Agent, such prior DC Resolution shall be disregarded for the purposes of these 
Credit Linked Conditions.  
(d) 
Redemption Suspension 
If, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date, Delivery Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date in 
respect of a Reference Entity, there is an Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, 
all timing requirements in these Credit Linked Conditions that pertain to redemption shall toll 
and remain suspended until the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement or 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable. During such suspension period, 
the Issuer is not obliged to take any action in connection with the settlement of such Credit 
Event or the redemption, if any, of the Credit Linked Notes. Once the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing 
requirements that pertain to redemption that have previously tolled or been suspended shall 
resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the 
Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. 
The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, a notice (a "Redemption 
Suspension Notice") in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices) to the 
Securityholders giving notice of any suspension of timing requirements pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Condition 23.

--- Page 796 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
770 
 
24. 
Successor Provisions 
(a) 
Eligible Successors 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one 
Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity;  
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event; and 
(iv) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Successor is an entity identified by the relevant Index Sponsor on or 
following the earlier of the Effective Date and the Trade Date where the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has, in relation to a Successor Resolution 
Request Date, not identified a Successor in accordance with the DC Rules. 
(b) 
Successor Determinations 
Subject to the restrictions set out under Credit Linked Condition 6(h) (Restriction on Delivery 
of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice) and 7(h) (Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event 
Notice or Successor Notice) in relation to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes only, the Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, 
as soon as reasonably practicable after delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the 
Succession Date, any Successor or Successors in accordance with the definition of "Successor", 
PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of 
the determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under 
this definition on the basis of Eligible Information and will notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent 
of any such calculation or determination as soon as practicable. In calculating the percentages 
used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under this Credit Linked Condition 
24(b), if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in 
respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, rely on the 
determination of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether any Successor 
has been identified. 
(c) 
Substitute Reference Obligations following a Successor Event 
Where any one or more Successors have not assumed a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, a 
Substitute Reference Obligation will be determined, where the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate, in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation). 
(d) 
Transaction Types of Successor Reference Entities 
If the Transaction Type applicable to a Successor differs from the Transaction Type of the 
Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has been identified, notwithstanding such 
difference, the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has 
been identified shall, with effect from the Succession Date, continue to apply to the Successor. 
(e) 
Succession in respect of multiple Reference Entities simultaneously

--- Page 797 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
771 
 
If two or more Reference Entities are subject to one or more successions simultaneously or the 
order of such succession cannot be determined from Eligible Information, then each such 
Reference Entity shall be deemed to have been subject to a separate succession, with all such 
successions occurring in the order determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Single Successor 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that there is a single Successor in respect of a 
Reference Entity, such Successor shall, with effect from the Succession Date, be a Reference 
Entity for the purpose of the Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Reference Entity in 
respect of which the Successor has been identified shall cease to be a Reference Entity with 
effect from the Succession Date unless it has also been identified as a Successor), PROVIDED 
THAT, in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, (a) if the Successor is not an 
Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity (as defined below), the Reference Entity 
Count will be the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity 
(as defined below) and (b) if an Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity would be a 
Successor to an Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity, the provisions set out in 
Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(ii)(F) (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) shall equally 
apply in the case of a single Successor. 
(g) 
Joint Potential Successors 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), then (a) 
if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, it shall 
be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor 
or obligors, or (b) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), it shall be treated as having been 
succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) 
which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, as provider of a Qualifying Policy), if any, or otherwise 
by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
(h) 
Multiple Successors  
(i) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes and following a 
succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (such 
Reference Entity affected by a succession being a "Single Name Succession 
Reference Entity"), more than one Successor has been identified by the Calculation 
Agent, the Single Name Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of 
the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding nominal amount or any other 
relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Successor: 
(A) 
the Single Name Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Single Name Successor 
Entity") and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Event Determination Date 
(and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Credit Event) may occur in respect 
of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes but, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 16 (M(M)R Restructuring), once only in relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Single Name Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but 
instead the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions

--- Page 798 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
772 
 
shall be deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such 
Single Name Successor Entity only after the apportionment 
described above (the "Single Name Partial Nominal Amount"); 
(II) 
for Credit Linked Principal Notes, such Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 3(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 3(f)(ii) (Cash 
Redemption), 3(f)(iii) (Physical Redemption) or 3(f)(iv) (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being 
equal to a Securityholder's pro rata share of the Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount (PROVIDED THAT if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as 
applicable)); and 
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring). 
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with 
these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the 
identification of more than one Successor, considered in the aggregate); 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall 
continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(i) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(ii) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and a related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity 
(each such Reference Entity, an "Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity" and 
the Reference Entities unaffected by such succession or any previous successions, the 
"Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities"), more than one Successor has 
been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes will be amended without the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the 
following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion 
any outstanding nominal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in 
relation to each Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an "Nth-to-Default 
Successor Entity") and the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference 
Entities will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date with respect to any of 
the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities will, where such Nth-
to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is the nth Reference Entity to

--- Page 799 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
773 
 
which a Relevant Event Determination Date has occurred, result in the 
redemption of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in full (or, in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring where the Exercise Amount is less than 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes, 
redemption of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in part) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes); 
(D) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date has occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity: 
(I) 
such Credit Event shall be a Relevant Credit Event for the purpose 
of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and the relevant 
provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to 
apply to the nominal amount represented by such Nth-to-Default 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is 
effected (the "Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount");  
(II) 
the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be 
redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4(f)(i) 
(Auction Redemption), 4(f)(ii) (Cash Redemption), 4(f)(iii) 
(Physical Redemption) or 4(f)(iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as 
applicable (such redeemed part being equal to a Securityholder's pro 
rata share of the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount 
(PROVIDED THAT if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such 
partial redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption 
Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as applicable)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes only (in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as 
the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the 
identification of more than one Successor, considered in the aggregate); 
(E) 
if a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more than once, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(ii)(F) below, that Reference Entity 
shall be deemed to be specified only once, and such change shall have no 
effect on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes;  
(F) 
where an Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is identified as a 
Successor to any Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity pursuant to a 
succession: 
(I) 
if the Transaction Type and Reference Obligation (including the 
absence of a Reference Obligation) of the Nth-to-Default Non-
Succession Reference Entity is identical to that of the Nth-to-Default 
Succession Reference Entity, the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-
to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity shall be equal to the 
sum of (x) the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Non-
Succession Reference Entity immediately prior to the relevant 
succession (the "Surviving Reference Entity Count") and (y) the 
Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference

--- Page 800 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
774 
 
Entity immediately prior to the relevant succession (the "Legacy 
Reference Entity Count", and the Legacy Reference Entity Count 
and the Surviving Reference Entity Count, together, the "Combined 
Prior Count"); or 
(II) 
if the Transaction Type and Reference Obligation of the Nth-to-
Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is not identical to that of 
the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity, the Calculation 
Agent shall apportion as at the Succession Date any outstanding 
nominal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts into two 
separate portions where: 
(i) 
one portion shall reflect the product of the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and the Legacy Reference Entity 
Count divided by the Combined Prior Count, with the Nth-
to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity having (a) a 
Transaction Type and Reference Obligation identical to the 
Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity and (b) a 
Reference Entity Count equal to the Combined Prior Count; 
and 
(ii) 
the other portion shall reflect the product of the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and the Surviving Reference Entity 
Count divided by the Combined Prior Count, with the Nth-
to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity having (a) a 
Transaction Type and Reference Obligation identical to the 
Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity and (b) a 
Reference Entity Count equal to the Combined Prior Count; 
(G) 
if some but not all of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes; and 
(H) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(ii) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors; 
(iii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and following 
a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such 
Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has 
previously occurred, a "Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity" and the 
Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous Succession 
Dates, the "Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities"), more than one 
Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the 
following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion 
any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in 
relation to each Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Linear Basket Successor 
Entity"), and the Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities will 
continue to be Reference Entities;

--- Page 801 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
775 
 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Linear Basket Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Linear 
Basket Successor Entity only after the apportionment described 
above is effected (the "Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount"); 
(II) 
the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed 
in part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 5(f)(i) (Auction 
Redemption), 5(f)(ii) (Cash Redemption), 5(f)(iii) (Physical 
Redemption) or 5(f)(iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable 
(such redeemed part being equal to a Securityholder's pro rata share 
of the Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount (PROVIDED THAT 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such partial redemption 
shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction 
Redemption Date, as applicable)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes shall remain 
outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue 
on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, 
adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the 
economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(iii) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(iv) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity 
(each such Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession 
Date has previously occurred, an "Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity" 
and the Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous 
Succession Dates, the "Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference Entities"), 
more than one Successor has been identified, the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes will be amended without the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the 
following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion

--- Page 802 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
776 
 
any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in 
relation to each Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a 
Reference Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an "Index Untranched 
Successor Entity"), and the Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of an Index Untranched Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Index 
Untranched Successor Entity only after the apportionment described 
above is effected (the "Index Untranched Partial Nominal 
Amount");  
(II) 
the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be 
redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 6(f)(i) 
(Auction Redemption), 6(f)(ii) (Cash Redemption) or 6(f)(iii) (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being 
equal to a Securityholder's pro rata share of the Index Untranched 
Partial Nominal Amount (PROVIDED THAT if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as 
applicable)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes shall remain 
outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and interest shall 
accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes; 
and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(B)(I) shall apply in 
respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(v) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes

--- Page 803 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
777 
 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and following 
a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each, an 
"Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity" and the Reference Entities 
unaffected by such succession, the "Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities"), more than one Successor has been identified, the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the 
following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion 
any outstanding principal amount, other relevant calculation amounts, the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount equally in relation to each Successor: 
(A) 
the Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a 
Reference Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an "Index Tranched 
Successor Entity"), and the Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of an Index Tranched Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Index 
Tranched Successor Entity only after the apportionment described 
above is effected;  
(II) 
the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be 
redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 7(f)(i) 
(Auction Redemption), 7(f)(ii) (Cash Redemption) or 7(f)(iii) (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (PROVIDED THAT if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur 
only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction 
Redemption Date, as applicable); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes shall remain 
outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue 
on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, 
adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the 
economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of (I) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount otherwise applicable to it prior to the apportionment referred to 
above and (II) the Reference Entity Notional Amount allocated to such 
Successor as a result of the apportionment referred to above (and such change 
shall have no effect on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes);  
(E) 
if some but not all of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions

--- Page 804 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
778 
 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; and  
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(v) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(vi) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity 
(each such Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession 
Date has previously occurred, an "Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity" 
and the Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous 
Succession Dates, the "Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities"), 
more than one Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the 
Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount or any other 
relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Portfolio Tranched Succession 
Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a 
Reference Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Portfolio Tranched 
Successor Entity"), and the Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such 
Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity only after the apportionment 
described above is effected;  
(II) 
the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be 
redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 8(f)(i) 
(Auction Redemption), 8(f)(ii) (Cash Redemption) or 8(f)(iii) (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (PROVIDED THAT if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur 
only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction 
Redemption Date, as applicable); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes shall 
remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and interest shall 
accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional

--- Page 805 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
779 
 
Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes; 
and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(vi) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(vii) 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
and following a Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (the Reference Entity, 
a "Local Access Single Name Succession Reference Entity"), more than one 
Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Securityholders to 
reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall 
apportion any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts 
equally in relation to each Local Access Single Name Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Local Access Single Name Succession Reference Entity will no longer be 
a Reference Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Local Access Single 
Name Successor Entity") and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date (and accordingly, more than one Relevant Risk 
Event) may occur in respect of the Credit Linked Notes but once only in 
relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of the Local Access Single Name Successor Entity after 
such Succession Date: 
(I) 
the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes will not redeem 
in whole, but instead the provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall be deemed to apply to the to the nominal amount 
represented by such Local Access Single Name Successor Entity 
only after the apportionment described above is effected (the "Local 
Access Single Name Partial Nominal Amount");  
(II) 
the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, 
be redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 
9(f)(i) (LA Cash Redemption), 9(f)(ii) (LA Physical Redemption) or 
9(f)(iii) (LA Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such 
redeemed part being equal to a Securityholder's pro rata share of the 
Local Access Single Name Partial Nominal Amount (PROVIDED 
THAT if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such partial 
redemption shall occur only on the Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly.  
Following such event, the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the

--- Page 806 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
780 
 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with 
these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the 
identification of more than one Successor), considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes are 
early redeeming in accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes; and   
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(vii) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(viii) 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
following a Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such Reference 
Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has previously 
occurred, a "Local Access Basket Succession Reference Entity" and the Reference 
Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous Succession Dates, the 
"Local Access Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities"), more than one 
Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Securityholders to 
reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall 
apportion any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts 
equally in relation to each Local Access Basket Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Local Access Basket Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a 
Reference Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Local Access Basket 
Successor Entity") and the Local Access Basket Non-Succession Reference 
Entities will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Local Access Basket Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Local 
Access Basket Successor Entity only after the apportionment 
described above is effected (the "Local Access Basket Partial 
Nominal Amount");  
(II) 
the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be 
redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 
10(f)(i) (LA Cash Redemption), 10(f)(ii) (LA Physical Redemption) 
or 10(f)(iii) (LA Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such 
redeemed part being equal to a Securityholder's pro rata share of the 
Local Access Basket Partial Nominal Amount (PROVIDED THAT 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such partial redemption 
shall occur only on the Final LA Cash Redemption Date)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly.  
Following such event, the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes shall 
remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and interest shall 
accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access

--- Page 807 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
781 
 
Basket Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes; 
and    
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(viii) shall apply in 
respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(i) 
Exchange Offer 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of 
Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
25. 
Deliverable Obligations 
(a) 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
If (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method and "Mod R" 
applies and (ii) "Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice 
delivered by the Calculation Agent, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a 
Deliverable Obligation may only be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final 
maturity date not later than the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the 
Delivery Date. In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured 
Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the 
term "final maturity date", as such term is used in this paragraph shall mean the specified date 
by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(b) 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
(i) 
If (A) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method and 
"Mod Mod R" applies and (B) Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a 
Credit Event Notice delivered by Issuer, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a 
Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a 
Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may only be specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, if it (x) 
is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (y) has a final maturity date not later 
than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date in each case, as 
of the Delivery Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the purposes of this Credit 
Linked Condition 25(b)(i), in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final 
maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such

--- Page 808 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
782 
 
Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final 
maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. In 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured 
Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial 
interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is used in this Credit Linked 
Condition 25(b)(i) shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy 
guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate 
Balance will occur. 
(ii) 
Where a "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation" applies and a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, if applicable) is a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation with respect to which consent is required to novate, assign or 
transfer, and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such 
refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is 
not received by the Physical Redemption Date (in which case it shall be deemed to 
have been refused), the Calculation Agent shall inform the Issuer. The Issuer shall 
promptly notify the Fiscal Agent (for onward notification to the Securityholder) of 
such refusal (or deemed refusal). If a Securityholder (x) does not designate a third 
party; (y) designates a third party in circumstances where it will be illegal due to any 
applicable law or regulation for the designee to take Delivery or such Delivery would 
give rise to any tax or any loss or cost to the Issuer; or (z) a Securityholder does not 
take Delivery on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date, then Credit Linked 
Condition 19(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) may be 
applied by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Determination of Final Maturity Date 
For the purposes of making a determination under paragraph (a) (Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation) or (b)(i) (Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation) of this Credit Linked 
Condition 25, the relevant final maturity date shall, subject to the definition of "Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation", be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation 
in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation 
that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such 
determination is made. 
(d) 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
(i) 
Unless "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified to be not applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then none of the events described in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) of the 
definition of "Restructuring" shall constitute a Restructuring unless the Obligation is a 
Multiple Holder Obligation, where "Multiple Holder Obligation" means an 
Obligation that (A) at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit 
Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (B) 
with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the 
Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-
thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event 
(PROVIDED THAT sub-paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be satisfied where the 
Obligation is a Bond).  
(ii) 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of this definition, 
the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for which the 
Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. 
(iii) 
In respect of an LPN Reference Entity, Multiple Holder Obligation will be "Not 
Applicable" with respect to any Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan).

--- Page 809 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
783 
 
26. 
Reference Obligation 
(a) 
Standard Reference Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" applies, then the Reference Obligation for the 
relevant Reference Entity will be the Standard Reference Obligation which is the 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority Level specified 
from time to time on the SRO List.  
(ii) 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" does not apply, then the Reference Obligation(s) 
for the relevant Reference Entity will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms for such Reference Entity. 
(iii) 
If no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Standard Reference 
Obligation" shall apply. 
(b) 
Substitute Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Calculation Agent may identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26(b)(iii), 26(b)(iv) and 26(b)(v) to replace 
such Non-Standard Reference Obligation; PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent 
will not identify an Obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of 
the determination, such Obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
and such Obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC 
Resolution. In the case of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note or an Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Note, as applicable, if there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement Reference Obligation for 
such Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent shall select such obligation rather than 
identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
26(b)(iii), 26(b)(iv) and 26(b)(v).  
(ii) 
If any of the events contained in paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution 
Event" have occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, such Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than 
for the purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and Credit Linked Condition 
26(b)(iii)(B). If the event contained in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of 
"Substitution Event" has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, such Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will continue to be a Reference Obligation until the Substitute 
Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under 
paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to such 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(iii) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an Obligation that on the Substitution 
Date: 
(A) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)); 
(B) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the 
date it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change the priority of 
payment after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(C) 
(I) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior 
to the Substitution Event Date:

--- Page 810 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
784 
 
1. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
2. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; 
(II) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
(other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
3. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such Obligation is available, 
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; 
or 
(III) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
(other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
3. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such Obligation is 
available, 
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation". 
(iv) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in Credit Linked Condition 26(b)(iii), the Substitute Reference 
Obligation will be the potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely 
preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the relevant Series, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The 
Calculation Agent will (if a Substitute Reference Obligation has not been identified) 
notify the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of a Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as 
reasonably practicable after it has been identified in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 26(b)(iii) and the Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation immediately upon such notification.

--- Page 811 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
785 
 
(v) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then or has yet to 
identify a suitable substitute, subject to Credit Linked Condition 26(b)(i) and 
notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased 
to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26(b)(ii), 
the Calculation Agent may continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
(c) 
Redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only Series 
(i) 
If the event set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occurs 
with respect to the Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of a Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall be redeemed in full or in part at the Substitution Event Redemption 
Amount. The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, a notice in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices) to the Securityholders stating 
the occurrence of such Substitution Event and setting out the date on which the Credit 
Linked Notes will be redeemed in full or in part, which shall be a date not earlier than 
the relevant Substitution Event Date. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" (a) no Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of the Reference Obligation for a 
Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies and such Reference 
Obligation is the only Reference Obligation for such Reference Entity in the Obligation 
Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category, and (b) if the events set out in 
paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to the 
Reference Obligation, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the Reference 
Obligation and in such circumstance, there shall be no redemption of the Credit Linked 
Notes in full or in part. 
(d) 
DC Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution 
Notwithstanding the provision of Credit Linked Condition 26(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation), the Calculation Agent may, but shall not be obliged to, select as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit Linked Notes an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity which is determined by DC Resolution to be the Substitute Reference 
Obligation to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation.  
27. 
Calculation Agent Determination 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(i) 
determining a Successor or Successors and making any other determinations required 
to be made under Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions) including if there 
is a Steps Plan, making appropriate adjustments required to take account of any 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from 
(and including) the legally effective date of the first succession to and including the 
Succession Date; 
(ii) 
determining whether (A) the aggregate amounts due under any Reference Obligation 
have been materially reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any 
scheduled redemption, amortisation or prepayments), (B) any Reference Obligation is 
an Underlying Obligation with a Qualifying Guarantee of a Reference Entity and, other 
than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Qualifying Guarantee is 
no longer a valid and binding Obligation of such Reference Entity enforceable in 
accordance with its terms, or (C) for any reason other than as described in (A) or (B) 
above and other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, any 
Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a Reference Entity;

--- Page 812 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
786 
 
(iii) 
identifying and determining a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
(iv) 
in the event that multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring 
are delivered pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 16 (M(M)R Restructuring), making 
any modifications required pursuant to that Credit Linked Condition 16; 
(v) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, determining the Exercise 
Amount of Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies;  
(vi) 
obtaining Quotations (and, if necessary, determining whether such Quotations shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest) and determining the Final Price in 
accordance with the applicable Valuation Method; 
(vii) 
converting the Quotation Amount into the relevant Obligation Currency; 
(viii) 
determining the Quotation Dealers (where none have been specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) and substituting Quotation Dealers; 
(ix) 
determining the LA Recovery Amount and the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption 
Amount (if any) in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable; 
(x) 
determining the Currency Rate and Revised Currency Rate where, in each case, it is 
not available at the Next Currency Fixing Time; 
(xi) 
determining the number of Business Days in each Physical Settlement Period; 
(xii) 
determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of the 
Deliverable Obligations to be included in the Physical Redemption Assets; 
(xiii) 
determining any adjustments pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event) or 10(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory 
Change Event); 
(xiv) 
determining any adjustment payment pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Event 
Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events); 
(xv) 
determining whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation 
shall include or exclude accrued interest and if "Include Accrued Interest" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms with respect to Deliverable Obligations, determining 
accrued but unpaid interest;  
(xvi) 
determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred; 
(xvii) 
determining the Asset Market Value of an Asset Package; 
(xviii) 
determining whether a "Failure to Pay" has occurred where the "2019 NTCE 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)" and 
"Credit Deterioration Requirement" apply (for which purpose, the Calculation Agent 
will take into account any guidance provided in the 2019 NTCE Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019));  
(xix) 
determining whether a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event or Market 
Value Trigger Event has occurred in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable;  
(xx) 
determining whether an event occurring under the terms of the Reference Assets 
Conditions relating to Reference Assets constitutes a Non-Viability Trigger Event in 
respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, as applicable;

--- Page 813 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
787 
 
(xxi) 
determining the updates required to be made to the relevant Reference Registry set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms from time to time, in respect of Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes; 
(xxii) 
determining the Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Value, in respect of Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes to which "FX Forward Rate" applies;  
(xxiii) 
interpreting any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms); and 
(xxiv) 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, with respect 
to Credit Linked Notes to which "Redemption by Instalments" applies and where any 
Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to the outstanding portion (if any) of such 
Credit Linked Notes remain outstanding, recalculating the Instalment Redemption 
Amount(s) as necessary (and, for the avoidance of doubt, following such recalculation, 
the Instalment Redemption Amount(s) shall be deemed to be automatically readjusted). 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after making any of the determinations 
specified in Credit Linked Condition 27(a)(i) to  notify the Issuer of such determination. 
(c) 
If any of the matters set out in this Credit Linked Condition 27 are decided and/or determined 
by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the Calculation Agent may follow such 
decision or determination to the extent such decision and/or determination is applicable to any 
Credit Linked Notes. In certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent shall be required to follow 
the decisions or determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or 
determinations made by the Calculation Agent may be overridden by subsequent determinations 
made by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the consent of the 
Securityholders, amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions and the applicable 
Issue Terms in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is necessary or desirable (i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or 
alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect to the 
documentation or redemption of Credit Linked Notes and/or (y) the operation or application of 
determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to account for 
market practice to be reflected in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any amendment made 
in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 27 shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
28. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices required to be delivered 
The Issuer shall deliver, or may cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, notice to the Securityholders 
of the following, in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 28, to the extent required to 
be delivered pursuant to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information; 
(ii) 
a Notice of Physical Settlement and, if applicable, any NOPS Amendment Notice; 
(iii) 
a Risk Event Notice, if applicable; 
(iv) 
a Successor Notice (PROVIDED THAT no Successor Notice shall be required 
following a determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that a 
Successor has been identified); 
(v) 
if the terms of any Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes provide for the basket or Index, as

--- Page 814 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
788 
 
applicable, to be amended from time to time other than as a result of the identification 
of any Successor, details of any amendments to the basket or Index, as applicable;  
(vi) 
the designation of any Substitute Reference Obligation (PROVIDED THAT (A) no 
such notice shall be required following a determination by a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee of a Substitute Reference Obligation has occurred and (B) 
the failure of the Issuer to deliver a notice to the Securityholders pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Condition 28 shall not affect the effectiveness of any designation of such 
Substitute Reference Obligation by the Calculation Agent (such designation to be in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions); 
(vii) 
a notice detailing the suspension of payment of interest pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 2 (Interest or premium on Credit Linked Notes); 
(viii) 
a notice detailing any adjustment payments required to be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to Credit Linked Conditions 14 (Event Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and 
Ordering of Events) or 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event); 
(ix) 
following the determination of the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject to 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption Terms), the Cash 
Redemption Amount Notice; 
(x) 
following the determination of the Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject to 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms), the 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice; 
(xi) 
a Notice to Exercise Movement Option; 
(xii) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice; 
(xiii) 
a Redemption Suspension Notice; and 
(xiv) 
a Payment Failure Event Notice. 
(b) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
(i) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 28, any notice required to be delivered 
by the Issuer to Securityholders in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions 
shall be deemed to have been delivered to Securityholders upon delivery of such notice 
to the Fiscal Agent by the Issuer (upon receipt of such notice from the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable). The failure of the Fiscal Agent to deliver any such notice to 
Securityholders shall not affect (x) the effectiveness of any notice delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and/or by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, (y) the 
effectiveness of any determinations made by any of them or (iii) the right of the Issuer 
to redeem (in whole or in part) the Credit Linked Notes or to writedown the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and 
in accordance with the relevant Credit Linked Condition. In addition, the failure of the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent to deliver any notice or any decision 
by any of them to not deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, 
shall not constitute an Event of Default under the Credit Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 28, a notice delivered by the Issuer to 
the Fiscal Agent on or prior to 3.00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business Day will 
be effective on such Issuer Business Day. A notice delivered after 3.00 p.m. (London 
time) on an Issuer Business Day will be deemed effective on the next following Issuer 
Business Day, regardless of the form in which it is delivered. 
(iii) 
Other than as specified herein, Clauses 23 (Communications) and 24 (Notices) of the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement shall apply to any relevant communications and notices 
delivered in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions.

--- Page 815 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
789 
 
29. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
(a) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be construed as though the relevant 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect 
to Bonds; 
(b) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" or 
"Not Bearer" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, such Issue Terms shall 
be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not 
Loans; or (iii) any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, such 
Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans; and 
(c) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics. 
(d) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same 
category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified 
Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic 
Law". 
(iii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms from the 
following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", 
"Accelerated" or "Matured" and "Not Bearer"; and 
(iv) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(e) 
For the purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum 
Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable 
Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(f) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" apply, if an obligation 
would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of 
making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental

--- Page 816 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
790 
 
Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(g) 
For the purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and 
the requirements specified in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Mod R" and sub-paragraph 
(a) of the definition of "Mod Mod R" to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, any such determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation 
in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(h) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" applies, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy 
the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency 
Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic. 
30. 
No frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, no Credit Linked Notes will be considered frustrated, or 
otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the 
Trade Date; and/or 
(b) 
the Obligation(s), the Deliverable Obligation(s) or the Reference Obligation(s) do not 
exist on, or cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
31. 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Credit Linked Notes should be read in conjunction 
with the Credit Linked Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Credit Linked 
Conditions, they will have the meaning given to them elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions. 
"2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)" 
means the 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019). 
"Additional LPN" means, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, any bond issued in the form 
of an LPN by an LPN Issuer for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to: 
(a) 
finance an Underlying Loan to the LPN Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
provide finance to the LPN Reference Entity by way of an Underlying Finance 
Instrument, 
PROVIDED THAT, 
(i) 
either: 
(A) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN, such 
Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect 
of the LPN Reference Entity; or 
(B) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to 
such LPN, such Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the following 
Obligation Characteristics: Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not 
Domestic Currency; 
(ii) 
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, 
Not Bearer, Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, 
Not Domestic Issuance; and 
(iii) 
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking 
Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying

--- Page 817 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
791 
 
Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of the holders 
of the LPNs. 
"Additional Obligation" means, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, each of the obligations 
listed as an Additional Obligation of such Reference Entity in the Issue Terms or set forth on 
the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by Markit Group Limited, or any 
successor thereto, as of the Trade Date, which list is currently available at 
https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html.  
"Additional Risk Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the occurrence or existence, on or after the Additional Risk Event Start Date, of:  
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event;  
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event; 
(d) 
a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event; 
(e) 
a Non-Viability Trigger Event; 
(f) 
a Market Value Trigger Event; and/or 
(g) 
a Reference Assets Restructuring Event; and/or 
(h) 
any other Additional Risk Event specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Additional Risk Event Start Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Trade Date or the Issue Date, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Affected Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity in respect of which a Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred (PROVIDED THAT, for the 
avoidance of doubt, for (a) Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, only the nth Reference 
Entity can be an Affected Reference Entity (b) Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, where 
"Redemption in Full" applies, all Reference Entities will be deemed to be Affected Reference 
Entities). 
"Aggregate Default Count" means, in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
on the Issue Date, zero and thereafter, an amount increased by each Event Determination Date 
by the Reference Entity Count (determined immediately prior to such Event Determination 
Date) of the related Reference Entity PROVIDED THAT if any Event Determination Date 
occurs at such time when the Calculation Agent has determined that there remains unresolved 
potential Credit Events which could result in an earlier Event Determination Date occurring 
with respect to one or more Reference Entities than the Event Determination Date in respect of 
any Reference Entity it is considering, such increase to the Aggregate Default Count shall not 
be effected until such time as the Calculation Agent has confirmed that no other earlier Event 
Determination Date could occur. 
"Aggregate Loss Amount" means at any time on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Loss Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected 
Reference Entities for such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; plus 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount calculated with respect to such 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; or

--- Page 818 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
792 
 
(b) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate of all Loss 
Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected Reference Entities for such Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
"Aggregate Recovery Amount" means at any time on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected 
Reference Entities for such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; plus 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount, if applicable, calculated with 
respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate of all Recovery 
Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected Reference Entities for such Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
"Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Settled Entity Loss Amounts for all Settled 
Entities. 
"Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Settled Entity Recovery Amounts for all 
Settled Entities. 
"Applicable Auction" means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to 
a Relevant Credit Event with respect to a relevant Reference Entity where the Deliverable 
Obligations set out on the Final List or the Deliverable Obligation Terms meet the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may 
take into account without limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and 
Reference Entity, whether the Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the 
seniority of the transactions covered by such auction, whether a representative credit derivative 
transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the Credit Linked 
Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event Determination Date" 
were deemed to occur), if the Auction relates to an M(M)R Restructuring, whether the 
designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered by the auction would cover such 
representative credit derivative transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Note and 
any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with such announcement. and (b) any 
Hedging Positions the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked 
Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such 
Credit Linked Notes).  
"Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity, a Credit Event and an Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms (if any) which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without 
limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the 
Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the seniority of the transactions covered 
by such auction, the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List, whether a representative 
credit derivative transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the 
Credit Linked Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event 
Determination Date" were deemed to occur), whether the Deliverable Obligation Terms meet 
the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes and, if the Auction relates to 
an M(M)R Restructuring, whether the designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered 
by the auction would cover such representative credit derivative transaction with the same tenor 
as the Credit Linked Notes and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with 
such auction settlement terms) and (b) any Hedging Positions that the Issuer has entered or may 
enter into in connection with the Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any 
determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). The Calculation Agent shall, 
as soon as practicable after the relevant Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement

--- Page 819 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
793 
 
Terms are published, notify the Issuer that Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms have been published with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit 
Event. Copies of the Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are made 
available by the DC Secretary at its website (www.isda.org) or any successor website). 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement" means a DC Credit Event Announcement 
which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which 
purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the applicable Credit Event, 
Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to interpretation 
under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation resulting in a credit 
event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question and any connected 
DC Resolution (including in respect of the determination of a Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date) and/or statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that 
the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means a DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes 
(for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the 
applicable question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the 
announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations 
or seniority of the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to 
have occurred, the deliverable obligations and/or seniority of the deliverable obligations(s) in 
question, if relevant, the reference obligations in question and connected DC Resolution and/or 
statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has 
entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Question" means a DC Credit Event Question which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the 
Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable question 
submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to 
interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of the 
obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, the 
reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated 
with such announcement and (b) any credit hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other 
things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means a DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable 
question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of 
the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, 
the reference obligations in question, the date of such question dismissal and any connected DC 
Resolution and/or statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position 
that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that 
may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked 
Notes). 
"Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement" means a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes 
(for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) 
applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation 
resulting in a credit event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in 
question and any connected DC Resolutions and/or statements associated with such 
announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in 
connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any 
determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes).

--- Page 820 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
794 
 
"Applicable Principal Currency Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, an 
amount equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor Assets of such Reference Entity, 
expressed as the Settlement Currency Principal Amount or the LCY Reference Amount, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Applicable Proportion" means (subject to the relevant provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 24 (Successor Provisions)), in respect of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event (as applicable) and a Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(A) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, 100 per 
cent.; or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the Exercise Amount 
specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant 
Reference Entity and Credit Event, divided by (y) the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(b) 
in the case of Nth to-Default Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(A) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring: 
(I) 
in respect of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, 
100 per cent.; or 
(II) 
in respect of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or an 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount relating to the relevant Affected 
Reference Entity, divided by (y) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
or Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable; or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and 
Credit Event, divided by (y) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Credit Linked Notes; 
(c) 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (A) the relevant Principal 
Writedown Amount with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and 
Relevant Credit Event, divided by (B) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes;  
(d) 
in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
100 per cent.; and

--- Page 821 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
795 
 
(e) 
in the case of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Redemption in Part" applies (or is deemed to apply) to such Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to: 
(A) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity; divided by  
(B) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
if "Redemption in Full" applies to such Credit Linked Notes, the product of: 
(A) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(B) 
100 per cent.. 
"Applicable Resolution" means a DC Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable 
question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of 
the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, 
the reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement 
associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity and a Credit Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
which the Calculation Agent determines constitute Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Argentine Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "2020 Additional 
Provisions for the Argentine Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (September 16, 2020)" apply. 
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" 
or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the relevant Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which 
was realised or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no 
longer exists). 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a 
choice of combination of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the 
Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to 
be zero. An Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding 
Principal Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
applicable, to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" apply: (i) a 
Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a Restructuring in respect of the Reference 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, if "Restructuring" applies and such 
Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and

--- Page 822 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
796 
 
(b) 
if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" applies, a 
Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Attachment Point" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Auction" means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event, 
unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, an auction 
pursuant to which an Auction Final Price is to be determined in accordance with the auction 
procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on which such Auction 
was deemed to have been cancelled as announced by the DC Secretary (and/or the 
administrators specified in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) on its 
website or such other date as determined and announced in accordance with the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price (expressed as a 
percentage) in respect of the deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s) under the Credit Linked Notes or if an Asset 
Package Credit Event has resulted in such Applicable Auction, in respect of the Asset Package 
which results from either a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond under 
the Credit Linked Notes. The Auction Final Price with respect to a Reference Entity and a related 
Credit 
Event 
can 
be 
obtained 
at 
the 
auction 
administrator's 
website 
at 
http://www.creditfixings.com/CreditEventAuctions/fixings.jsp or any successor website. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the 
day, if any, on which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other date as specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the Applicable Proportion or, in respect of Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes which are also 
Zero Coupon Notes, if "Premium Accreted Amount" is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount equal to the 
Applicable Proportion plus the Premium Accreted Amount;  
(B) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes which are also Zero Coupon Notes, the Zero 
Coupon Percentage; and 
(C) 
the Auction Final Price; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
"Auction Redemption Amount Notice" means a notice in writing specifying the Auction 
Redemption Amount, the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched

--- Page 823 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
797 
 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final 
Auction Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Final Redemption Amount, as applicable, including the Auction Final Price, any Loss Amount, 
Recovery Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, and/or Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, and the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Auction Redemption Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business 
Days) following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
to the Fiscal Agent. 
"Bankruptcy" means the relevant Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts 
as they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme 
or composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian, monitor or other similar official 
for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs 
(a) to (g) of this definition. 
"Capital Ratio" means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity, the ratio of capital to risk 
weighted assets applicable to the Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect from 
time to time. 
"Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of:

--- Page 824 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
798 
 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the Applicable Proportion or, in respect of Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes which are also 
Zero Coupon Notes, if "Premium Accreted Amount" is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount equal to the 
Applicable Proportion plus the Premium Accreted Amount; 
(B) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes which are also Zero Coupon Notes, the Zero 
Coupon Percentage; and 
(C) 
(I) the Final Price or (II) where "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is 
applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
"Cash Redemption Amount Notice" means a notice in writing specifying the Cash 
Redemption Amount, the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final 
Cash Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Final Redemption Amount, as applicable, including the Final Price, any Loss Amount, 
Recovery Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount, Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, and Unwind Costs, if any, together with (i) the 
Valuation Obligation(s) which were the subject of the Quotation, (ii) the Valuation Date, (iii) 
the Quotation Amount, (iv) each such Quotation that it received in connection with the 
calculation of the Final Price and (v) a written computation showing such calculation. 
"Cash Redemption Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business 
Days) following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to 
the Fiscal Agent. 
"Certificate Balance" means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and in the case 
of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate balance or similar measure of 
unreimbursed principal investment. 
"CoCo Provision" means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity and with respect to an 
Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of 
principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another 
instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions shall not result in delivery 
of the Deliverable Obligation to Securityholders. 
"CoCo Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "2014 CoCo Supplement to 
the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014)" applies. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery Date, provided, 
however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if 
any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the 
relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required 
for such novation, assignment or transfer, so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation

--- Page 825 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
799 
 
provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a 
trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall 
not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this definition of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the event that a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of this 
definition, and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of 
the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as 
the Insured Instrument. References in this definition to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be 
deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively. 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation". 
"Contingent Interest" means, if "Contingent Interest" applies in respect of Credit Linked 
Interest Notes, an amount equal to such proportion of the Interest Amount in respect of which 
the payment is contingent upon the non-occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event. 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement 
Terms 
published 
by 
the 
DC 
Secretary 
on 
its 
website 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to 
time and may be amended from time to time. The Calculation Agent shall be authorised to 
construe any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms) in such manner as it shall determine in 
its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to be necessary in order to give 
effect to the meaning of any word or expression used herein which is defined by reference to 
such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means each committee established pursuant 
to the DC Rules for the purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions. 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following Credit Events as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation 
Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention. If an 
occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence 
based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant Reference Entity to 
enter into any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any 
Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with 
respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however 
described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described.

--- Page 826 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
800 
 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of this definition, references 
to the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be the Trade Date, the Issue Date or a number of days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or, with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition thereof), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days 
prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the “Notice 
Delivery Date", if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period 
and (ii) the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs 
during the Post Dismissal Additional Period. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Securityholders, which the Calculation Agent 
has the right (but not the obligation) to deliver, which: 
(a) 
identifies the Series of Credit Linked Notes to which the Credit Event Notice relates; 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent's intention for the Issuer to either redeem or write down 
the relevant Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, by the Applicable Proportion thereof, 
in accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method and the applicable 
Fallback Redemption Method; and 
(c) 
describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and 
on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must 
be in respect of the full Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes or the full Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, as 
applicable, in the relevant Series, subject to Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions). 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Relevant Credit Event has occurred. The Relevant Credit Event that is the 
subject of the Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice 
is effective. 
"Credit Event Redemption Amount" means, the Auction Redemption Amount, Cash 
Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Redemption Amount, Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount or the LA Cash Redemption Amount.  
"Credit Event Redemption Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the Auction Redemption 
Date or the Cash Redemption Date;

--- Page 827 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
801 
 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date 
or the Final Cash Redemption Date; or  
(iii) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
the Fallback Redemption Method, the Physical Redemption Date; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the Auction Redemption 
Date or the Cash Redemption Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date 
or the Final Cash Redemption Date; or 
(c) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, the LA Cash Redemption 
Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final LA Cash Redemption Date; 
or 
(iii) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" applies as the Risk Event Redemption Method, 
the LA Physical Redemption Date. 
"Credit Event Redemption Method" means:  
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, 
Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption; or 
(b) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Auction Redemption, Cash 
Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption, 
in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, 
the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary or as set out in any DC Resolution, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC 
Credit Event Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to 
such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Credit Event Writedown Date" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and a Relevant Credit Event, the first day immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date relating to such Relevant Credit Event. 
"Credit Linked Adjustment Event" means any existing Hedging Positions, or the ability of 
the Issuer and/or any Affiliate to enter into new Hedging Positions in respect of the Hypothetical 
Index Swaption Transaction, are affected by any change in any standard terms used in any 
relevant market (such standard terms including, without limitation, any version of the 2014 
Definitions, any supplements thereto or any other terms or documentation that may be published 
by ISDA from time to time, and such a change including, without limitation, any amendment to 
or reinterpretation of any standard terms or the publication or introduction of new standard 
terms) or in market practice in any relevant market. 
"Credit Linked Interest Notes" means a Series of Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of which "Credit Linked Interest" is specified as the type of credit linkage in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 828 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
802 
 
"Credit Linked Note" means a Single Name Credit Linked Note, an Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Note, a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, a 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note.  
"Credit Linked Principal Notes" means a Series of Single Name Credit Linked Notes in 
respect of which "Credit Linked Principal" is specified as the type of credit linkage in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Credit Payment on Maturity Amount" means, on any day, if "Credit Payment on Maturity" 
applies, the aggregate of all Auction Redemption Amounts, Cash Redemption Amounts, Index 
Tranched Redemption Amounts, Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts or LA Cash 
Redemption Amounts, as applicable, calculated on such day.  
"CRR" means Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
"Currency Amount" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice 
of Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference 
to the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back 
into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice into the currency 
of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency 
in which the Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either 
(i) determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time 
or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine and (b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised 
Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"CUSIP" means, with respect to a security, the "CUSIP" identification number assigned to such 
security (if any). 
"Custodian" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, any custodian (including the Reference Custodian), sub-
custodian, depositary, settlement system, bank or clearing house (or any agent or delegate of 
any of the foregoing) or any exchange used by a Reference Investor as part of any Reference 
Custodial/Settlement Arrangement entered into from time to time. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable. 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after 
the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date PROVIDED THAT if the 
Credit Event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement 
must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, 
or the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date.

--- Page 829 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
803 
 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve an issue in respect to a 
Reference Entity. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC-determined EDD" has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 14(b) (Ordering of 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple Credit Events 
or Risk Events). 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, 
a public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does 
not constitute a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity. 
"DC Resolution" means a resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in 
accordance with the definition of "Resolve" below. 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by 
the DC Secretary on its website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any 
successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance 
with the terms hereof. 
"DC Secretary" means DC Administration Services, Inc. or such other entity designated as DC 
Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules. 
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the 
occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of 
the benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all 
necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions): 
(a) 
in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable Obligations where any 
equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, to the relevant Securityholder; and 
(b) 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any 
liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearing system, but including, 
without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") 
or right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying 
Obligor), 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(i) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, "Deliver" means to create 
(or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the relevant Securityholder; and 
(ii) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the 
Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee,

--- Page 830 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
804 
 
provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the 
Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap. 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form 
of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that 
time provided further that each of the Issuer and each Securityholder agrees to comply with the 
provisions of any documentation (which shall be deemed to include any market advisory that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to approve for such 
purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves constitutes 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, 
as such documentation may be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and 
payment obligations of the parties hereunder. 
The Issuer and each Securityholder further agrees that compliance by it with the provisions of 
any such documentation, shall be required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery 
for the purposes of this definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions 
describing how Delivery should be effected) and neither the Issuer nor any Securityholder shall 
be permitted to request that the other take, nor shall it be required to take, any action under 
Credit Linked Condition 19(b) (Physical Redemption Assets) or 19(k) (LA Physical Redemption 
Terms) unless otherwise contemplated by such documentation. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, "Deliver" with respect to an obligation that 
is a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the 
Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised custodian 
representing an interest in such Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. Further, for the purposes of this 
definition, references to the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed 
to include Insured Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying 
Policy, determined pursuant to the "Method for determining Deliverable Obligations" 
below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation or Reference Assets, as applicable, of the relevant Reference 
Entity; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a relevant Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if, 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies) or any Package Observable Bond (if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) PROVIDED THAT the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than 
zero (determined for the purposes of paragraph (d) of this definition, immediately prior to the 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
(A) 
Method for determining Deliverable Obligations 
For the purposes of this definition of "Deliverable Obligation", a Deliverable 
Obligation shall be each Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described by the 
Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and, subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 29 (Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and

--- Page 831 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
805 
 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics), having each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, as of the 
Delivery Date (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms). The 
following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed 
Money, Reference Obligation Only, Reference Assets Only Settlement, 
Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in the definition of 
"Obligation" below, except that, for the purposes of determining Deliverable 
Obligations, the definition of "Reference Obligation Only" or "Reference 
Assets Only Settlement", as applicable, shall be amended to state that no 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference 
Obligation Only or Reference Assets Only Settlement, as applicable). 
(II) 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic 
Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, (each as 
defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), Assignable Loan, Consent 
Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, 
Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer. For the avoidance of doubt, in respect 
of a Limited Recourse Obligation, the Not Subordinated Characteristic will 
be deemed to have been satisfied. 
(1) 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the 
principal amount owed, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, 
termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance 
with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and 
without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable 
insolvency laws; 
(2) 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned 
or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial 
institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are 
not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, 
without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, 
if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the 
relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(3) 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated with the consent of the Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) 
or any agent; 
(4) 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, 
pursuant to a participation agreement, Issuer is capable of creating, 
or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of each 
Securityholder that provides each such Securityholder with recourse 
to the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due 
under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation 
seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each such 
Securityholder and either (A) the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, 
as the case may be (to the extent the Issuer and/or any such Affiliate, 
as applicable, is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending 
syndicate), or (B) any lender or member of the relevant lending 
syndicate nominated by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent; 
(5) 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining 
maturity of not greater than the period specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (or if no such period is specified, 30 years);

--- Page 832 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
806 
 
(6) 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument 
unless interests with respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via 
the Euroclear system, Clearstream International or any other 
internationally recognised clearing system; and 
(7) 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to 
institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restriction PROVIDED THAT none of the following 
shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide 
for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or 
Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any 
jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or 
regulatory investment restrictions on insurance companies 
and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around 
payment dates or voting periods. 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" above: 
(a) 
in respect of: 
(I) 
a Hellenic Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond 
or a Loan" that was issued or incurred, as the case may be, 
on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(II) 
an Ecuador Reference Entity, any obligation that is a 
"Bond" that was issued on or prior to 20 April 2020; 
(III) 
an Argentine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a 
"Bond" that was issued on or prior to 31 August 2020; 
(IV) 
a Ukraine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" 
that was issued on or prior to 1 November 2015; or 
(V) 
a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity, for so long as 
sanctions imposed by any and all Venezuelan Orders 
continue to subsist with respect to such Venezuelan 
Covered Reference Entity (as determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee), any obligation 
that is Restricted Debt, 
shall, in each case, be an "Excluded Deliverable Obligation"; 
(b) 
in respect of a Hungary Reference Entity, "Deliverable Obligation" 
shall also include any National Bank of Hungary Deliverable 
Obligation;  
(c) 
in respect of a Russian Reference Entity, any obligation that is, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, an IAN, a MinFin or a 
PRIN shall not constitute a Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, each Reference Obligation 
will be a Deliverable Obligation regardless of whether such

--- Page 833 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
807 
 
obligation is an obligation of such LPN Reference Entity. For the 
purposes of this definition: 
(I) 
with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies 
an Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, 
the Outstanding Principal Balance shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance 
Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference 
Obligation; and 
(II) 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic and 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be construed as 
if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of such 
LPN Reference Entity. 
"Deliverable Obligation Notice" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked 
Condition 19(a)(iii)(C) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) or 19(k)(ii)(B) (Delivery of 
LA Settlement Assets). 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" means the provisions of the Credit Linked Notes that 
specify criteria for establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable Obligations. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date 
on which such Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be delivered in accordance 
with the definition of "Deliver"). 
"Delivery Expenses" means all costs, taxes (including transaction taxes), duties and/or 
expenses, including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising 
from the delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or LA Settlement Assets and in respect 
of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, shall additionally include any transfer or similar fee 
reasonably incurred by the Issuer in connection with the Delivery of a Qualifying Policy and 
payable to the Reference Entity. 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and 
any successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any 
successor currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, 
if such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the amount that is due and payable by the relevant Reference Entity under the 
obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other 
similar amounts); less  
(b) 
the Unwind Costs, the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount 
(in each case, if any); plus  
(c) 
all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (i) is 
subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the

--- Page 834 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
808 
 
effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
(other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency),  
in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (I) 
the Delivery Date, (II) the Valuation Date or (III) the LA Physical Redemption Date, as 
applicable. 
"Ecuador Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "2020 Additional 
Provisions for the Republic of Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (December 11, 2020)" apply. 
"Effective Date" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and the relevant Index, the date specified as such in respect of the Index in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
"Eligible Swaption Index" means, in respect of a Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction, 
any iTraxx® credit index or CDX® credit index as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole discretion and as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity specified in sub-paragraph (i) of this definition); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 
500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the paragraph (a) of this definition; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, 
issuer of collateralised debt obligation, commercial paper conduit or other 
special purpose vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 
or (B) is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or 
management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least USD 
100,000,000; 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support 
or other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or 
(d) of this definition; and 
(d) 
(i) 
any Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between 
two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for

--- Page 835 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
809 
 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development. 
All references in this definition of "Eligible Transferee" to USD include equivalent amounts in 
other currencies as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
"Event Determination Date" means Standard Event Determination Date or Non-Standard 
Event Determination Date, as applicable. 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Obligation issued or incurred on or after 
the date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of a relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies and the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Senior Reference Entity, then for the purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies and the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Subordinated Reference Entity, then for the purposes of determining whether a 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated 
Obligation. 
"Exercise Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 16 (M(M)R 
Restructuring). 
"Exhaustion Point" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Extended Maturity Date" means, if Scheduled Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) and where:  
(a) 
no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date under limbs (I), (II) and (III) 
of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), the latest to occur 
of: 
(i) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Notes Extension Date; 
(ii) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events or Relevant Risk Events, as applicable, or if later, any Final 
Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash 
Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date); 
(iii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes only, the date falling five Business Days 
after the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if applicable; or

--- Page 836 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
810 
 
(b) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes), where a Relevant Event 
Determination Date under limbs (I), (II) and (III) of Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, 
the later to occur of:  
(i) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events, as applicable, or if later any Final Physical Redemption Cut-
Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback 
Cash Redemption Date); or 
(ii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(c) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, where a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date under limbs (I) 
and (II) of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) occurs on 
or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date, the latest to occur of: 
(i) 
the final LA Cash Redemption Date or the final LA Physical Redemption 
Date, as applicable; 
(ii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(iii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-
Off Date, if applicable.  
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" 
are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) the Potential 
Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as applicable. 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure 
by the relevant Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance 
with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application 
in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not 
to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
If the "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 
2019)" and "Credit Deterioration Requirement" apply, then notwithstanding the foregoing, it 
shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly result either 
from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the relevant 
Reference Entity. In such case, any determination as to whether a "Failure to Pay" has occurred 
is to be made by the Calculation Agent, for which purpose, the Calculation Agent will take into 
account any guidance provided in the "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)".

--- Page 837 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
811 
 
"Fallback Redemption Method" means Cash Redemption or Physical Redemption, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT for Credit Linked Interest Notes, 
Fallback Redemption Method does not apply. 
"Final Auction Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note 
(other than an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, a 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note), 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of (I) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and (II) (x) in 
respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes which are also Zero Coupon Notes, the Zero Coupon Percentage or (y) 
otherwise, 100 per cent.; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
"Final Auction Redemption Date" means the later to occur of (a) the last Auction Redemption 
Date in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Final Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note 
(other than an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, a 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note), 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of (I) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and (II) (x) in 
respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes which are also Zero Coupon Notes, the Zero Coupon Percentage or (y) 
otherwise, 100 per cent.; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
"Final Cash Redemption Date" means the later to occur of (a) the last Cash Redemption Date 
in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Final LA Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater 
of:  
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all LA Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, as applicable.

--- Page 838 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
812 
 
"Final LA Cash Redemption Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the later to occur of (a) the last LA 
Cash Redemption Date in respect of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Final List" means the final list of Deliverable Obligations, Package Observable Bonds, Prior 
Deliverable Obligations, as applicable, and/or Assets which are the subject of the related 
Auction determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with 
the DC Rules. 
"Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked 
Condition 22(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver). 
"Final Price" means:  
(a) 
the price of the Valuation Obligation(s) selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, expressed as a percentage, 
determined in accordance with the specified Valuation Method; or  
(b) 
where the Valuation Obligation is an Asset Package in its entirety relating to Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, as applicable, the price of the 
entirety of the Asset Package determined in accordance with the specified Valuation 
Method, expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond to which the Asset Package relates, in each case, determined in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18(a) (Determination of Final Price). 
"Financial Transaction Type" means any of "Standard European Financial Corporate", 
"Standard European CoCo Financial Corporate", "Standard European Senior Non Preferred 
Financial Corporate", "Standard Australia Financial Corporate", "Standard New Zealand 
Financial Corporate", "Standard Japan Financial Corporate", "Standard Singapore Financial 
Corporate" and "Standard Asia Financial Corporate", as applicable. 
"First Ranking", in respect of a Reference Obligation of an LPN Reference Entity, has the 
meaning given in the definition of "First Ranking Interest". 
"First Ranking Interest" means, in respect of a Reference Obligation of an LPN Reference 
Entity, a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having similar effect) (an "Interest"), 
which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", or similar ("First Ranking") in the 
document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such Interest may not be First Ranking 
under any insolvency laws of any relevant insolvency jurisdiction of the relevant LPN Issuer). 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the 
liability of the relevant Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the 
Underlying Obligation, PROVIDED THAT a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined 
by reference to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the 
outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not 
be considered to be variable inputs). 
"Fixed Recovery Percentage" means, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the Issue Terms, the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include zero or 100 per cent.). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
for an amount of the Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount or for the Asset Package. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than

--- Page 839 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
813 
 
Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery Date and the date on which an effective Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, was delivered. Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, for a Deliverable 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this 
definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the event that a Fully Transferable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of this 
definition and, if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of 
the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as 
the Insured Instrument. 
"Funding Interest Rate" means, in respect of a Funding Interest Amount, a rate per annum 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms which shall be based on the cost to the Issuer if it were 
to fund or of funding the amount on which such interest is accruing. 
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any Obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto. 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, the rate, determined by the Calculation Agent on the FX Rate Set 
Date, at which a non-resident of the Reference Jurisdiction can purchase the Settlement 
Currency against delivery of the LA Relevant Currency for value on the LA Value Date or 
where "FX Forward Rate" applies, the Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Date, 
PROVIDED THAT if LA Relevant Currency is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, FX Rate shall be 1. 
"FX Rate Set Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the date selected by the Calculation Agent, in its sole 
discretion, for determining the FX Rate, or where "FX Forward Rate" applies, they day falling 
two Business Days prior to the Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Date. 
"Governmental Authority" means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental 
or supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets 
(including a central bank) of the relevant Reference Entity or some or all of its 
obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in paragraph (a), (b) or 
(c) of this definition. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in 
relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of 
the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a 
Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or 
regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the relevant 
Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly 
provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination);

--- Page 840 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
814 
 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; 
(d) 
if "CoCo Provision" apply and if, with respect to one or more Obligations and in 
relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, the operation 
of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of 
the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into 
shares or another instrument; or 
(e) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (d) of this definition. 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of 
a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the applicable grace period with 
respect to payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect 
as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" applies, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, 
expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Grace Period shall be deemed 
to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if no period is specified, 30 calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; 
PROVIDED THAT, unless "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified 
for that purpose in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a T2 Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if (a) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, as the case may be, the date that is five Business Days following 
the day falling after the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential 
Failure to Pay. If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply.

--- Page 841 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
815 
 
"Guarantee" means, for the purpose of the Credit Linked Conditions only, a Relevant 
Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hedge Disruption Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
19(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption 
Obligation. 
"Hellenic Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "Additional Provisions for 
the Hellenic Republic (May 29, 2012)" apply. 
"Hungary Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "Hungary Additional 
Provisions" apply. 
"Hypothetical FX Forward" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which "FX Forward Rate" applies and the 
Reference Assets of each Reference Entity comprised in the Reference Registry at the time of 
determination, a hypothetical non-deliverable FX forward transaction between the Issuer and 
the Calculation Agent in respect of which the Issuer purchases the LCY equivalent of the 
relevant Reference Assets FX Forward Notional at a forward rate equal to the relevant Reference 
Assets Forward Rate for settlement on the relevant Reference Assets FX Forward Termination 
Date, with settlement in the Settlement Currency and a valuation date of the FX Rate Set Date 
(and in respect of a termination of such Hypothetical FX Forward, any amount determined to 
be hypothetically payable to the Issuer shall be expressed as a positive amount, while any 
amount determined to be hypothetically payable by the Issuer shall be expressed as a negative 
amount).  
"Hypothetical Index Swaption Confirmation" means a confirmation in respect of and 
evidencing a Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction that: 
(a) 
is deemed to be documented under the "Documentation Form" specified in the Issue 
Terms PROVIDED THAT any provision in a relevant Standard Terms Supplement 
relating to "Procedure for Exercise" and "Settlement Terms" shall not apply; 
(b) 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions and any relevant supplements set out in the 
Issue Terms; and 
(c) 
will be deemed to supplement, form part of and be subject to, the Hypothetical ISDA 
Master Agreement. 
"Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction" means a hypothetical payer index swaption 
transaction entered into pursuant to a Hypothetical Index Swaption Confirmation that: 
(a) 
references an Eligible Swaption Index;  
(b) 
specifies Automatic Exercise as applicable; 
(c) 
specifies Cash Settlement as the Index Swaption Settlement Method; 
(d) 
has a Swaption Original Notional Amount set out in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(e) 
has an Index Swaption Trade Date, Index Swaption Expiration Date and Index 
Swaption Settlement Date specified in the Issue Terms. 
The Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction, as evidenced by the Hypothetical Index 
Swaption Confirmation, will be deemed to constitute a Transaction under and for the purposes 
of the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement for as long as it is outstanding (and shall be the 
only Transaction under the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement). 
"Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement" means a hypothetical single agreement in the pre-
printed form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule thereto hypothetically entered 
into between the Issuer and the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty on the Issue Date, with the 
following elections in such Schedule:

--- Page 842 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
816 
 
(a) 
the governing law is English law; and  
(b) 
the Calculation Agent is specified as the "Calculation Agent". 
"Hypothetical Swap Counterparty" means a hypothetical entity with materially the same 
market accounting, tax and regulatory profile as Citigroup Global Markets Limited or such other 
entity as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"IAN" means any floating rate interest note due 2002 or 2015 issued by Vnesheconombank of 
the USSR pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement and an Exchange Agreement, dated as of 6 
October 1997, among Vnesheconombank of the USSR, the Closing Agent and Participating 
Creditors named therein.  
"Implicit Portfolio Size" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to (i) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount, 
divided by (ii) the Tranche Size. 
"Inconvertibility Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of any event or existence of any 
condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or has the effect 
of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to 
convert the LA Relevant Currency into the Settlement Currency through customary legal 
channels; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to 
residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate 
any funds (in the Settlement Currency or the LA Relevant Currency) from accounts inside the 
Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or between accounts inside 
the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full value of any cash payment (when converted 
to the Settlement Currency) made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction 
after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency 
regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the imposition of currency 
exchange limitations. 
"Index" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the relevant iTraxx® or CDX® index, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Index Annex" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the list of the relevant Index with the relevant Index Annex Date published 
by the Index Publisher specified in the applicable Issue Terms and which can be accessed at 
http://www.markit.com or any successor website thereto. 
"Index Annex Date" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Index Publisher" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and the related Index Annex, Markit Group Limited or any 
replacement appointed by the Index Sponsor for the purposes of officially publishing the 
relevant Index. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Index Swaption Cash Settlement Amount" means an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent which would have been payable by the Swaption Seller to the Swaption Buyer under the 
Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and  
(b) 
an amount equal to [Strike Price – Final Price] x Swaption Original Notional Amount, 
converted, if "Swaption FX Conversion" is applicable, into the Index Swaption Cash 
Settlement Currency at the Index Swaption Cash Settlement Spot Rate on the Final 
Valuation Date

--- Page 843 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
817 
 
where: 
"Final Price" means the clean price, expressed as a percentage corresponding to the 
Final Level determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner 
using the ISDA Standard Upfront Model available through Bloomberg page "CDSW" 
(or any successor page thereto as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Final 
Valuation Date); 
"Strike Price" means the clean price, expressed as a percentage corresponding to the 
Strike Level determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner using the ISDA Standard Upfront Model available through Bloomberg page 
"CDSW" (or any successor page thereto as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the Final Valuation Date);  
"Strike Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Final Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
"Final Valuation Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Index Swaption Cash Settlement Currency" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Index Swaption Cash Settlement Spot Rate" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue 
Terms." 
"Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of 
the component Reference Entities of the Index specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts determined in respect of 
the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
"Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected 
Reference Entity and such day) minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereof in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
"Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity;

--- Page 844 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
818 
 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount 
for such Affected Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject 
to a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
"Index Tranched Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to the losses and recoveries in respect of the 
component Reference Entities of the Index specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Instalment Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Series of Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes to which "Redemption by Instalments" applies, an amount being the greater of:  
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of: 
(i) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes and an Instalment Date, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Instalment Amount relating 
to such Instalment Date specified in respect of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes and an Instalment Date in respect of the 
Reference Assets to which such Instalment Date relates, the sum of: 
(A) 
an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the product of (I) (x) 
the Settlement Currency Principal Amount or (y) the LCY Reference 
Amount divided by the FX Rate, as applicable and (y) the Reference 
Assets Liquidation Value; minus 
(B) 
where "FX Forward Rate" applies, the Reference Assets FX Forward 
Termination Value; 
in each case as adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 27(a)(xxiv). 
"Instrument Payments" means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, (a) in the 
case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, (i) the specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return on 
the Certificate Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (ii) 
the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (b) in the 
case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the 
case of both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) hereof (A) determined without regard to limited recourse 
or reduction provisions of the type described in sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" and (B) excluding sums in respect of default interest, 
indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and other similar 
amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy).

--- Page 845 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
819 
 
"Insured Instrument", in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, has the meaning 
given in the definition of "Qualifying Policy". 
"Insured Obligor", in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, has the meaning given 
in the definition of "Qualifying Policy". 
"Interest", in respect of a Reference Obligation of an LPN Reference Entity, has the meaning 
given in the definition of "First Ranking Interest". 
"Interest Tax Deduction Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a payment of interest (howsoever 
described) in respect of the relevant Reference Investor Assets, an amount equal to any and all 
withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on account of any taxes or duties (for the avoidance of 
doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade Date) of whatever nature that would be 
imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any authority of the Reference Jurisdiction in 
respect of such payment to a Reference Investor. 
"Issue Terms" means the applicable Final Terms or, where a Pricing Supplement is prepared, 
the applicable terms and conditions set out in such Pricing Supplement. 
"Issuer Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in London, New York and Luxembourg. 
"LA Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in the Settlement 
Currency equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
an amount equal to:  
(A) 
(I) the LA Recovery Amount or (II) where "Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" is applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage; plus 
(B) 
where "FX Forward Rate" applies, the Reference Assets FX Forward 
Termination Value (which may be a positive or a negative amount);  
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
"LA Cash Redemption Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue 
Terms: 
(a) 
where "LA Cash Redemption" is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, five 
Business Days following the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date; 
(b) 
where "LA Physical Redemption" is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method 
but physical redemption cannot be completed by the LA Physical Redemption Date, 
five Business Days following the LA Physical Redemption Date; and 
(c) 
where an LA Cut-Off Date has occurred, five calendar days following the LA Cut-Off 
Date. 
"LA Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the earlier of (i) the date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Risk Event has not occurred; and (ii) the date falling 30 calendar days 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date or the relevant LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable.

--- Page 846 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
820 
 
"LA Interest Amount" means, in respect of a Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note 
or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note and an LA Interest Payment Date, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
in relation to the Reference Assets which have a Reference Assets Coupon Payment 
Date falling on the LA Interest Period End Date relating to such LA Interest Payment 
Date, an amount in the Settlement Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
being equal to such Note's pro rata share of all interest, dividends or any other form of 
distributions that would have actually been received by a Reference Investor holding 
the relevant Reference Assets in an amount equal to the Settlement Currency Principal 
Amount relating to such Reference Assets.  
For the purposes of the Conditions, the LA Interest Amount shall constitute an Interest Amount. 
"LA Interest Payment Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the date falling two Business Days after each LA Interest Period End Date 
occurring in respect of the relevant Reference Assets. For the avoidance of doubt, it is expected 
that LA Interest Payment Dates shall occur in cycles, commencing from the Reference Assets 
with a Reference Assets Coupon Payment Date falling closest in time following the Interest 
Commencement Date. For the purposes of the Conditions, the LA Interest Payment Date shall 
in each case constitute an Interest Payment Date. 
"LA Interest Period" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first LA Interest Period End Date 
relating to the Reference Assets, and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
LA Interest Period End Date relating to such Reference Assets, and ending on (but excluding) 
the next succeeding LA Interest Period End Date relating to such Reference Assets. For the 
avoidance of doubt, separate LA Interest Periods will be determined in respect of the Reference 
Assets of each Reference Entity for the determination of LA Interest Amounts. For the purposes 
of the Conditions, the LA Interest Period shall in each case constitute an Interest Period. 
"LA Interest Period End Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, each Reference Assets Coupon Payment 
Date relating to the Reference Assets. For the purposes of the Conditions, the LA Interest Period 
End Date shall in each case constitute an Interest Period End Date. 
"LA Negative Interest Amount" means an amount that would have been equal to the LA 
Interest Amount had the floor of zero (as set out in limb (a) of the definition thereof) not applied. 
The LA Negative Interest Amount will be expressed as a negative amount.  
"LA Physical Redemption Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, 30 calendar days following the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
or where a LA Cut-Off Date has occurred, 30 calendar days following the LA Cut-Off Date. 
"LA Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to the highest firm bid quotation 
that the Calculation Agent is able to obtain on the LA Valuation Date from the Quotation 
Dealers for the sale to the Quotation Dealers of: 
(a) 
in respect of "LA Physical Redemption", the relevant Undeliverable Assets; or 
(b) 
in respect of "LA Cash Redemption", a nominal amount equal to the Applicable 
Principal Currency Amount of the LA Settlement Assets of the relevant Reference 
Entity, as such assets may be amended from time to time (including without limitation 
any securities, cash proceeds or other assets into which such assets shall have been 
exchanged or converted from time to time),

--- Page 847 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
821 
 
in each case, in the Settlement Currency payable outside the Reference Jurisdiction, 
PROVIDED THAT if none of the Quotation Dealers provides such a firm quotation. then the 
LA Recovery Amount shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. The 
applicable LA Recovery Amount may be equal to zero. 
"LA Relevant Currency" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the currency specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, being the lawful currency of the Reference Jurisdiction, or if the LA Relevant 
Currency ceases to be the lawful currency of the Reference Jurisdiction, any other lawful 
currency in effect in such jurisdiction. 
"LA Settlement Assets" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, such Deliverable Obligations selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, with (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance 
in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money Obligations or (b) a Due and 
Payable Amount, in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money 
Obligations, in each case equal to (i) the Applicable Proportion or (ii) the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes. 
"LA Valuation Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in its sole discretion: 
(a) 
if "LA Cash Redemption" is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, from (and 
including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date up to (and including) the LA 
Cash Redemption Date; or 
(b) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, from 
(and including) the LA Physical Redemption Date to (and including) the LA Cash 
Redemption Date.  
"LA Value Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Scheduled Maturity Date, the LA Interest Payment Date 
(if applicable), the LA Cash Redemption Date or the LA Cut-Off Date, as applicable. 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" has the meaning given to that term in the 
definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 22(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver), 19(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of 
Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation, 19(d) (Partial Cash 
Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality), 19(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating 
to Loans not Delivered) and 19(j) (Asset Package Delivery), the date that is thirty 
calendar days after the relevant Physical Redemption Date;  
(b) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 19(j)(iii), the date the 
Calculation Agent determines that Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply; and 
(c) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 19(e) (Partial Cash 
Redemption of Consent Required Loans), 19(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of 
Assignable Loans) and 19(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of Participations), the date 
that is 15 Business Days after the Physical Redemption Date.

--- Page 848 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
822 
 
"LCY" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes to which "FX Forward Rate" applies, the local currency specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"LCY Reference Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, an amount in the 
LA Relevant Currency equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor Assets of such 
Reference Entity, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Limitation Date" means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any 
year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years 
after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 
years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable. 
Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
"Limited Recourse Obligations" means, where the "2020 Limited Recourse Additional 
Provisions (December 2, 2020)" apply, obligations which include Limited Recourse Provisions. 
"Limited Recourse Provisions" means provisions which: 
(a) 
limit recourse in respect of the obligation to the proceeds of specified assets or the 
proceeds resulting from the enforcement of security or collateral arrangements; and/or  
(b) 
extinguish any obligation that remains outstanding following the disposal of specified 
assets and/or the enforcement of the security or collateral arrangements, 
and, in each case, the application of the resulting proceeds. 
"Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from 
Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, on each 
occasion on which a Credit Event and a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs with respect 
to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part in an amount 
determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to such relevant 
Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method. 
"Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 24(h)(iii) (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes). 
"Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 19(h)(i) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered). 
"Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified 
as such in the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from 
Securityholders in respect of Reference Investor Assets of two or more Reference Entities and 
held by a Reference Investor in a Reference Jurisdiction and pursuant to which, on each occasion 
on which a Risk Event and a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date occurs with respect to 
any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part in an amount 
determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to such relevant 
Reference Entity (where "Redemption in Part" applies) or in full (where "Redemption in Full" 
applies), in each case in accordance with the relevant Risk Event Redemption Method. 
"Local Access Basket Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit 
Linked Condition 24(h)(viii) (Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes).  
"Local Access Basket Successor Entity" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 24(h)(viii) (Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes). 
"Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are 
specified as such in the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection

--- Page 849 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
823 
 
from Securityholders in respect of Reference Investor Assets of a single Reference Entity and 
held by a Reference Investor in a Reference Jurisdiction. 
"Local Access Single Name Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in 
Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(vii) (Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes). 
"Local Access Single Name Successor "Entity" has the meaning given to that term in Credit 
Linked Condition 24(h)(vii) (Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes). 
"Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on any day equal to: 
(a) 
if no M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
"Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and PROVIDED THAT the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), 
an amount equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference 
Entity on such day; and 
(B) 
(I) 100 per cent. minus (II) the Auction Final Price; or 
(ii) 
"Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the product 
of: 
(A) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference 
Entity on such day; and 
(B) 
(I) 100 per cent. minus (II) (1) the Final Price or (2) where "Fixed 
Recovery Redemption" is applicable, the Fixed Recovery 
Percentage; or 
(b) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
"Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and PROVIDED THAT the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), 
an amount equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; 
and 
(B) 
(I) 100 per cent. minus (II) the Auction Final Price; or 
(ii) 
"Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the product 
of: 
(A) 
the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; 
and 
(B) 
(I) 100 per cent. minus (II) (1) the Final Price or (2) where "Fixed 
Recovery Redemption" is applicable, the Fixed Recovery 
Percentage. 
"Loss Threshold Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment Point. 
"LPN" means a loan participation note.

--- Page 850 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
824 
 
"LPN Issuer" means the issuer of an LPN. 
"LPN Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "LPN Additional Provisions" 
apply. 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional 
Obligation. Any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance with its 
terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation from constituting a Reference 
Obligation. Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds 
for the Issuer to (a) finance a loan to the Reference Entity and each such loan shall be an 
Underlying Loan; or (b) provide finance to the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or 
other Borrowed Money instrument and each such deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money 
instrument shall be an Underlying Finance Instrument. 
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition 
that has the effect of:  
(a) 
the failure or suspension of normal trading on any recognised securities, futures or 
other exchange on which the Reference Investor Assets or futures thereon are traded; 
or  
(b) 
any Reference Investor Asset becoming ineligible for clearance or settlement through 
the principal clearing system or by the relevant settlement procedure for the Reference 
Investor Assets. 
"Market Value" means, with respect to the relevant Valuation Obligation on a Valuation Date:  
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest 
value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded);  
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations;  
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained, subject to sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Quotation", an amount that the Calculation Agent shall determine on the 
next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations are obtained; and  
(e) 
if two or more Full Quotations are not obtained within the ten Business Day period set 
forth in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation" the Market Value shall be 
determined as provided in such definition of "Quotation". 
"Market Value Trigger Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, a notification by the Calculation Agent 
(acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer that it has determined that on any 
Business Day the Fair Market Value of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, is equal to, or less than, the Market 
Value Trigger Level of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes on such date. 
"Market Value Trigger Level" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
"Maturity Redemption Amount" means an amount being the greater of:

--- Page 851 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
825 
 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than (I) Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes which are also Zero Coupon 
Notes, (II) Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and (III) Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes which are also Zero Coupon Notes, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency equal to the product of (I) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes and (II) the Zero Coupon 
Redemption Percentage; and 
(iii) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to 
(I) the Settlement Currency Principal Amount or (II) the LCY Reference 
Amount divided by the FX Rate, as applicable. 
"Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date 
to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, the 
Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all 
or substantially all of its respective assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, or 
the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
"Merger Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
where the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed in full: 
(i) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum 
of zero) equal to (A) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Credit Linked Notes minus (B) the Unwind Costs, if any; or 
(ii) 
the Early Termination Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
where the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed in part: 
(i) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum 
of zero) equal to (A) the product of (I) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes and (II) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the Reference Entity the subject of the Merger Event (the 
"Affected Nominal Amount") minus (B) the Unwind Costs, if any; or  
(ii) 
the Early Termination Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms, except 
that, for the purposes of determining such Early Termination Amount, 
references to the Calculation Amount or principal amount of the Notes in 
relation to such definition shall be deemed to be references to such Note's pro 
rata share of an amount equal to the Affected Nominal Amount, 
as specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"MinFin" means any Internal Government Hard Currency Bond issued by the Ministry of 
Finance of the Russian Federation representing: 
(a) 
restructured debt of the former USSR (Series II, III, IV, V and VIII); or  
(b) 
debt of the Russian Federation issued in 1996 (Series VI and VII). 
For the avoidance of doubt, "OVVZs" or "Taiga" bonds shall be the same as MinFins.

--- Page 852 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
826 
 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod 
R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
notes and other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Monoline Insurer Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which "Monoline 
Supplement" applies. 
"Movement Option" means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of 
"No Auction Announcement Date", the option of the Calculation Agent to apply the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms, if any, so that the Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed by way of 
Auction Redemption (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the 
terms of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the Permissible Deliverable 
Obligations thereunder, the Deliverable Obligation Provisions related to the Credit Linked 
Notes and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has or may enter into in connection with the 
Credit Linked Notes) for the purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are 
more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent could 
specify in any Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice (PROVIDED 
THAT if more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable 
Obligations shall apply). If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to 
Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the 
Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the Fallback Redemption Method. If 
no election is made in the applicable Issue Terms, where "Mod R" is applicable, "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Full Transferable Obligation Applicable" will apply and where "Mod 
Mod R" is applicable, "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation Applicable" apply. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following 
the Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applicable to a buyer 
of credit protection where the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, or such other 
date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (and where any 
public statement is issued by the DC Secretary relating to the appropriate cut-off date, the 
Calculation Agent shall interpret such timing requirements from the perspective of a buyer of 
protection). 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 25(d) 
(Multiple Holder Obligation). 
"National Bank of Hungary Obligation" means any obligation of the National Bank of 
Hungary (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor: 
(a) 
which has the Obligation Characteristic "Not Subordinated", where solely for such 
purposes the definition of "Not Subordinated" shall be construed as if the National 
Bank of Hungary were the Reference Entity and no Reference Obligation has been 
specified; 
(b) 
which is described by the Obligation Category specified in respect of the Republic of 
Hungary;

--- Page 853 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
827 
 
(c) 
which has each of the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Republic 
of Hungary; and  
(d) 
in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an NBH Event of Default will cause 
any obligation of the Republic of Hungary in respect of Borrowed Money to become, 
with the lapse of any grace period and subject to any other requirements under the 
terms of such Borrowed Money obligation (including requirements as to the amounts 
of such default), immediately due and payable pursuant to the terms of such Borrowed 
Money obligation, 
and, for the purposes of the foregoing, the National Bank of Hungary shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity. 
"National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation" means any obligation of the National 
Bank of Hungary (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor: 
(a) 
which has the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Not Subordinated", where solely 
for such purposes the definition of "Not Subordinated" shall be construed as if the 
National Bank of Hungary were the Reference Entity and no Reference Obligation has 
been specified; 
(b) 
which is described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in respect of the 
Republic of Hungary; 
(c) 
which has each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the 
Republic of Hungary; and 
(d) 
in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an NBH Event of Default will cause 
any obligation of the Republic of Hungary in respect of Borrowed Money to become, 
with the lapse of any grace period and subject to any other requirements under the 
terms of such Borrowed Money obligation (including requirements as to the amounts 
of such default), immediately due and payable pursuant to the terms of such Borrowed 
Money obligation. 
"NBH Event of Default" means any failure by the National Bank of Hungary as issuer or 
obligor or guarantor of the relevant obligation, to make, when due any payment of principal or 
premium or prepayment charge or interest, if any, on such obligation. 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4.00 p.m. (London time) on a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments and which 
immediately follows the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that 
(a) no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published, (b) following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
will be published, or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that no Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC 
Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held, or 
(ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. For the avoidance of doubt, a No Auction 
Announcement Date will not occur solely by reason of the Credit Linked Notes not being 
covered by any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an Obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on

--- Page 854 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
828 
 
the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
"Non-Contingent Interest" means, if "Non-Contingent Interest" applies in respect of Credit 
Linked Interest Notes, an amount equal to the proportion of the Interest Amount in respect of 
which the payment is not contingent upon the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event. 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Standard Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event 
and a Series to which of "Standard Event Determination Date" does not apply: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, PROVIDED THAT neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, 
with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to 
the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not specified 
as applicable and (I) Auction Redemption is not specified as the 
applicable Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms; (II) the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; 
and (III) the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC 
Credit Event Announcement; or 
(B) 
either: 
(I) 
(1) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination 
Date" is specified as applicable and Auction 
Redemption is specified as the applicable Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or 
(2) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination 
Date" is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the relevant Credit 
Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and 
Securityholders and is effective on or prior to the Non-
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and 
Securityholders and is effective during either the Notice Delivery Period or 
the period from, and including, the date of the DC Credit Event 
Announcement to, and including, the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter 
(provided, in each case, that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery 
Period (including prior to the Trade Date)), if either: 
(A) 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not 
specified as applicable and Auction Redemption is not

--- Page 855 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
829 
 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; 
and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC 
Credit Event Announcement on or prior to a DC 
Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is 
specified as applicable and the Trade Date occurs on or prior 
to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; and 
(I) 
either: 
(1) 
Auction Redemption is not specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or 
(2) 
Auction Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Credit Event Notice is delivered by 
the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and is effective on a 
date that is later than the relevant Non-Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date. 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(x) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes has occurred on or prior to the date on which the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(y) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity has occurred on or prior to the date on which the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, a Non-
Standard Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have 
occurred only, if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Single Name Credit Single Name Linked Notes with respect 
to the portion of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the relevant Reference 
Entity to which the Event Determination Date relates, if any, with 
respect to which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, 
has occurred; and 
(z) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the 
only Credit Event has previously been delivered by the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent, (aa) unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such 
Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the Applicable DC Credit 
Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, if the 
Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise Amount 
specified in any such Credit Event Notice was less than the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes or, 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes,

--- Page 856 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
830 
 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the 
Exercise Amount specified in any such Credit Event Notice was less 
than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity or (cc) unless a representative credit derivative 
transaction economically equivalent to the Credit Linked Notes in 
unfunded format referencing the same Affected Reference Entity 
and (x) having identical deliverable obligation terms to one set of the 
Deliverable Obligation Terms of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms and to the Deliverable Obligation 
Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes; (y) in the case of M(M)R 
Restructuring, having a scheduled termination date which falls 
within the designated scheduled termination dates for the Applicable 
Auction and having similar tenor to the Credit Linked Notes (in each 
case, assuming "Auction Redemption" and a deemed occurrence of 
an Event Determination Date) would be a covered transaction for the 
purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
and the deliverable obligations set out on the Final List are identical 
to the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable for such Series. 
If no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Single Notifying Party Event 
Determination Date" shall not apply. 
"Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event and a 
Series to which "Standard Event Determination Date" does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; 
or 
(iii) 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days following the date 
on which such Final List is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date. 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means each Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined in respect of any such 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"Non-Viability Trigger Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference Entity, 
such event as defined under and occurring pursuant to the terms of the Reference Assets 
Conditions relating to such Reference Assets, including but not limited to any of the following 
events: 
(a) 
any relevant authority having decided that without a conversion or write-off with 
respect to the Reference Entity, the Reference Entity would become non-viable;

--- Page 857 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
831 
 
(b) 
any relevant authority having decided that a public sector injection of capital or 
equivalent support is necessary with respect to the Reference Entity, without which the 
Reference Entity would become non-viable;  
(c) 
any relevant capital adequacy ratio with respect to the Reference Entity falling below 
the relevant percentage and/or threshold prescribed in the Reference Assets 
Conditions; and/or 
(d) 
any other events (however described) which are similar in nature to the events 
described in paragraphs (a) to (c) above, 
PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent may determine in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, whether a particular event under and occurring pursuant to 
the terms of the Reference Assets Conditions relating to such Reference Assets and/or the 
Reference Entity constitutes a Non-Viability Trigger Event. 
"NOPS Amendment Notice" has the meaning given to it in the definition of "Notice of Physical 
Settlement". 
"Notes Extension Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the last day on which any 
Relevant Event Determination Date could occur, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent (taking into consideration the latest of (i) the last day of any "Notice 
Delivery Period" (ii) the last Credit Event Resolution Request Date which could occur 
up to the last day of any Notice Delivery Period; (iii) the last Relevant Event 
Determination Date which could occur 14 calendar days after a DC Credit Event 
Announcement; (iv) the last day of any Post Dismissal Additional Period; and (v) the 
last Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as 
applicable); and 
(b) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, the LA Cut-Off Date. 
"Notice-determined EDD" has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 14(b)(ii) 
(Ordering of Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple 
Credit Events or Risk Events). 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice 
and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in 
applicable Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, has been 
delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including 
the date that is 14 calendar days after the Extension Date. 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" with respect to a Series where (a) an M(M)R 
Restructuring is applicable and (b) the Fallback Redemption Method would otherwise be 
applicable pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 17(a)(i) (Fallback Redemption), a notice from 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that (i) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
which shall be applicable in accordance with the exercise of the Movement Option and (ii) is 
dated on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders that (a) confirms that the Issuer intends 
to redeem the Credit Linked Notes (unless the applicable Issue Terms provide for multiple 
Deliveries) and requires performance in accordance with the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 19 (Physical Redemption Terms), (b) specifies (i) the proposed Delivery Date, (ii) if 
applicable, the Unwind Costs and (iii) if applicable, the Delivery Expenses and/or Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount, (c) contains a detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation 
that the Issuer will, subject to Credit Linked Condition 19 (Physical Redemption Terms), Deliver

--- Page 858 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
832 
 
to Securityholders (in aggregate) and, if available and applicable, the CUSIP or ISIN number 
(or, if such identifying number is not available, the rate and tenor) of each such Deliverable 
Obligation and (d) specifies the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case, the "Outstanding 
Amount") and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation and the 
aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement that the Issuer intends to Deliver to the Securityholders (the "Aggregate 
Outstanding Amount"). The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, give notice to the 
Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Securityholders, in the manner specified 
above (each such notification, a "NOPS Amendment Notice") that the Issuer is replacing, in 
whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant 
Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is 
effective). A NOPS Amendment Notice shall contain a revised detailed description of each 
replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer will Deliver to Securityholders (each, a 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation") and shall also specify the Outstanding Amount of 
each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with respect to each such Deliverable 
Obligation, the "Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount"). The Outstanding 
Amount of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice 
shall be determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable 
Obligations specified in any NOPS Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding 
Amount of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
earlier NOPS Amendment Notice which, in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater 
than the Aggregate Outstanding Amount. Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be 
effective on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date (determined without reference to any 
change resulting from such NOPS Amendment Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent may correct any errors or inconsistencies in the detailed 
description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to the Fiscal Agent prior to the relevant 
Delivery Date and (y) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, the Calculation Agent shall on 
or prior to the Delivery Date, notify the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Securityholders of the description of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer would Deliver to 
the Securityholders in lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if 
any, specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable; 
it being understood in each case that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment 
Notice. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice 
or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a 
description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of 
Publicly Available Information" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly 
Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. If no election is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, "Notice of Publicly Available Information" shall apply. 
"Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection 
from Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and a Relevant Event Determination Date with respect to the 
nth Reference Entity, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Method, where "n" shall be the number specified in such Issue Terms. 
If an Event Determination Date with respect to a relevant Reference Entity increases the 
Aggregate Default Count from an amount less than n to an amount equal to an amount equal or 
greater than n, such Reference Entity shall be the nth Reference Entity.

--- Page 859 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
833 
 
"Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit 
Linked Condition 24(h)(ii) (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes). 
"Obligation" means (a) any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a 
Qualifying Policy)), determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining 
Obligations" below; and (b) the Reference Obligation or the Reference Assets, as applicable, in 
each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
(A) 
Method for Determining Obligations: 
For the purposes of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" above, an Obligation 
is each obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described by the Obligation 
Category specified in the applicable Issue Terms and having each of the Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, 
immediately prior, the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event 
Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable. The following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligation Only, Reference Assets Only Settlement, Bond, Loan, or Bond or 
Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and: 
(A) 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed 
Money" Obligation Category that is in the form of, or represented 
by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), 
certificated debt notes or other debt notes and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money; 
(B) 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a 
Loan; 
(C) 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation 
under a revolving credit arrangement for which there are no 
outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment 
or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without 
limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from 
drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
(D) 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed 
Money" Obligation Category that is documented by a term loan 
agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit 
agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(E) 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, 
contingent or otherwise) for the payment or repayment of money, 
including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; 
(F) 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a 
Reference Obligation and no Obligation Characteristics shall be 
applicable to Reference Obligation Only; and  
(G) 
"Reference Assets Only Settlement" means, in respect of Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, the Reference Assets and no Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Assets Only 
Settlement. 
(ii) 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not 
Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance, and:

--- Page 860 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
834 
 
(A) 
(I) 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not 
Subordinated to (x) the Reference Obligation or (y) the 
"Prior Reference Obligation" if applicable, PROVIDED 
THAT in respect of a Limited Recourse Obligation, this 
characteristic will be deemed to have been satisfied; 
(II) 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the 
"Second Obligation") and another obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity to which such obligation is being 
compared (the "First Obligation"), a contractual, trust or 
similar arrangement providing that (x) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the relevant 
Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First 
Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of 
the holders of the Second Obligation or (y) the holders of 
the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or 
retain principal payments in respect of their claims against 
the relevant Reference Entity at any time that the relevant 
Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in 
default under the First Obligation. "Subordinated" will be 
construed accordingly. For the purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is 
Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it 
is being compared, (1) the existence of preferred creditors 
arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support 
or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall 
not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be 
taken into account where the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign and (2) in the case of the Reference Obligation 
or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the 
ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the 
date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in 
circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior 
Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation 
and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the 
priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as 
of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect 
any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such 
date and further PROVIDED THAT, in respect of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, such definition shall be applied in the 
assessment of any Obligation without regard to how the 
Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, including any characterisation of the 
Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws of any 
relevant jurisdiction; and 
(III) 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances 
where there is no Reference Obligation applicable to a 
Series, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently 
applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Reference 
Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was 
redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) 
any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the 
Reference Entity;  
(iii) 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or 
currencies specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if "Specified 
Currency" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and no currency is so

--- Page 861 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
835 
 
specified, any Standard Specified Currency), PROVIDED THAT if the euro 
is a Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation 
that was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination 
thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the EU which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority; 
(iv) 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to 
(A) a Sovereign or (B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other 
arrangement between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank 
for Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, 
obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(v) 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any 
currency other than the applicable Domestic Currency, PROVIDED THAT a 
Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a Domestic Currency; 
(vi) 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the 
applicable Domestic Law, PROVIDED THAT the laws of England and Wales 
and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute Domestic Law; 
(vii) 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and 
sold on an exchange; and 
(viii) 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that 
was issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale 
primarily in the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any 
obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been 
taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of 
the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also 
registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the relevant 
Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued as the case 
may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" above: 
(a) 
in respect of: 
(I) 
a Hellenic Reference Entity, any obligation that is "Borrowed Money" that 
was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(II) 
an Ecuador Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 20 April 2020; 
(III) 
an Argentine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 31 August 2020; 
(IV) 
a Ukraine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015; or 
(V) 
a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity, for so long as sanctions imposed by 
any and all Venezuelan Orders continue to subsist with respect to such 
Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity (as determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee), any obligation that is Restricted 
Debt, 
shall, in each case, be an "Excluded Obligation"; and

--- Page 862 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
836 
 
(b) 
in respect of a Hungary Reference Entity, "Obligation" shall also include any National 
Bank of Hungary Obligation; 
(c) 
in respect of a Russian Reference Entity, any obligation that is, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, an IAN, a MinFin or a PRIN shall not constitute an Obligation; 
or 
(d) 
in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation 
regardless of whether such obligation is an obligation of such LPN Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is 
denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they 
would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of 
a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a 
failure to make any required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or 
more Obligations. 
"OFAC" means the United States Office of Foreign Asset Control. 
"Original Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, on the Issue Date, the original aggregate 
nominal amount of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes be calculated, disregarding the effect of a reduction to reflect any Settled Entity Incurred 
Loss Amount and/or Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount which is determined to exist on 
the Issue Date). 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means each obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Guarantee) or in respect of a Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy which is specified as a Reference Obligation in 
the applicable Issue Terms (if any is so specified). 
"Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes which are: 
(i) 
Credit Linked Principal Notes, an amount equal to: 
(A) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(B) 
the aggregate of all Applicable Proportions in respect of such Credit 
Linked Notes relating to previous Relevant Credit Events or 
Relevant Risk Events, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
Credit Linked Interest Notes, an amount equal to the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount; 
(b) 
in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus

--- Page 863 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
837 
 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Applicable Proportions in respect of such Credit Linked 
Notes relating to previous Relevant Credit Events or Relevant Risk Events, 
as applicable; 
(c) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the sum of the Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount and the Settled 
Entity Incurred Loss Amount (in each case, if any) as determined on the Issue 
Date; minus 
(iii) 
the aggregate of all Principal Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to 
such date; and 
(d) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Principal Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to 
such date, 
in each case, taking into account (without double counting) any partial redemptions, 
amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series 
on or prior to such date. 
"Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Notice of 
Physical Settlement". 
"Outstanding Nominal Amount" means, in respect of a Single Name Credit Linked Note, a 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, 
an amount per Note equal to: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Series comprising such Note; 
divided by 
(b) 
the number of Credit Linked Notes in such Series. 
The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the relevant Reference 
Entity's principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the 
definition of "Accrued Interest", the relevant Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid 
interest payment obligations, which in the case of a Guarantee (or in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), will be the lower of (i) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where 
applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (or Insured Instrument, as applicable) 
(determined as if references to the relevant Reference Entity were references to the 
Underlying Obligor (or Insured Obligor, as applicable)) and (ii) the amount of the 
Fixed Cap, if any); or 
(b) 
second, by subtracting (I) Unwind Costs, the Delivery Expenses and Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount, in each case, if any (rounded down to the nearest 
integral authorised denomination of the relevant obligations); plus (II) all or any 
portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation, (i) is subject to 
any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of 
time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by 
way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in 
paragraph (a) above of the definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" less any 
amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent 
Amount") (PROVIDED THAT, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, 
any provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in respect of such Insured

--- Page 864 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
838 
 
Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject to a priority 
of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such 
Insured Instrument, shall be disregarded for the purposes of this paragraph (b), 
PROVIDED THAT such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy by the 
terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, 
the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such 
limitation or reduction); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
(I) the Delivery Date, (II) the Valuation Date or (III) the LA Physical Redemption 
Date, as applicable; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purpose of this definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance": 
(i) 
"applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject;  
(ii) 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be 
validly asserted against the relevant Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent 
Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had 
otherwise become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, 
PROVIDED THAT the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent 
Amount; and 
If "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 
2019)" and "Fallback Discounting" apply, then notwithstanding the above, if (x) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted under sub-
paragraph (c)(B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than 95 
per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than 
95 per cent. of the principal repayment amount and, (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include 
provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early 
redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of 
Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan 
shall be the lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount determined by straight 
line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan 
and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under 
a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment 
amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price 
or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be 
deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original 
obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the "Original Obligation(s)") at the 
time of such exchange (determined without regard to market or trading value of the 
Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously 
issued by the relevant Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having 
the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligation.

--- Page 865 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
839 
 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for 
the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting 
obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant 
Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of 
subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be 
made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, any provisions of an Insured Instrument 
limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets 
(including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument 
Payments owing under such Insured Instrument, shall be disregarded for the purposes of sub-
paragraph (B) above, PROVIDED THAT such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying 
Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as 
applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such 
limitation or reduction. 
"Ownership Restriction Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of any event or the 
existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or impracticable for, 
or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference 
Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner of any Reference 
Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof. 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a relevant Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, any obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" set out in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation", in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event was legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means the "Auction" which is the subject of the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means the "Auction Cancellation Date" in respect of the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an "M(M)R 
Restructuring", any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with 
respect to such an M(M)R Restructuring if the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes 
and for which a representative credit derivative transaction economically equivalent to the 
Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the same Affected Reference Entity 
(assuming Auction Redemption and the deemed occurrence of an "Event Determination Date") 
which has identical deliverable obligation terms to the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the 
Credit Linked Notes and Deliverable Obligation Terms of the relevant auction settlement terms 
under consideration but would not be a covered transaction (due to the range of designated 
scheduled termination dates for the relevant auction settlement terms under consideration or 
otherwise) for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Payment/Delivery Failure Event" means, in each case as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that: 
(a) 
it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an event beyond 
the control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the Securityholder 
to provide account details of its designee), or for a Securityholder to accept payment 
of (due to an event beyond the control of such Securityholder), any cash amount 
(including, without limitation, any portion of the relevant Credit Event Redemption

--- Page 866 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
840 
 
Amount, in respect of the Credit Linked Notes) required to be paid by the Issuer on the 
date intended for such payment and such event preventing the payment or acceptance 
is not cured by the affected party; or  
(b) 
the relevant definitive Credit Linked Notes (where applicable) and/or the Deliverable 
Obligation Notice are not delivered in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19(a) 
(Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) or any intended recipient has failed to duly 
execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or 
before any Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation that is on or before any Delivery Date, in each case in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Deliverable Obligation. 
"Payment Failure Cut-Off Date" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 22(a) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay). 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as appropriate. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the deliverable 
obligations included on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are 
applicable to that Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the relevant 
Reference Entity's payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may 
assume all of the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the relevant Reference 
Entity from its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" apply; or 
(v) 
in respect of Limited Recourse Obligations, Limited Recourse Provisions; 
(vi) 
provisions which permit the relevant Reference Entity's obligations to be 
altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would 
constitute a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" apply; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on 
their behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect 
of such obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new Guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
relevant Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Physical Redemption Assets" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes for which pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 19 (Physical Redemption Terms) the "Physical Redemption Terms" 
are applicable, subject to Credit Linked Condition 23 (Effect of DC Resolutions), such

--- Page 867 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
841 
 
Deliverable Obligations as may be selected by the Issuer with: (a) an Outstanding Principal 
Balance (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable), in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money 
Obligations or (b) a Due and Payable Amount, in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are not 
Borrowed Money Obligations (or in either case, the equivalent Currency Amount thereof), with 
an Outstanding Principal Balance equal to (i) the Applicable Proportion or (ii) the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, on the date of the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable). If the amount of the 
Physical Redemption Assets is less than zero, no Deliverable Obligations will be required to be 
Delivered and the amount of the Physical Redemption Assets will be deemed to be zero. If an 
Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond which would otherwise have been included in the Physical Redemption Assets 
has been converted into an Asset Package, then references in this definition of "Physical 
Redemption Assets" to "Deliverable Obligations" shall be references to the resulting Asset 
Package and the Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding 
Principal Balance as the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond. 
The Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being 
Delivered will include accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine).  
"Physical Redemption Date" means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the date of effective delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. If all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable are Delivered on or before 
that Physical Redemption Date, the date that the Issuer completes Delivery of such Deliverable 
Obligations shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means, where "Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms" 
applies to any Series of Credit Linked Notes (notwithstanding that the Credit Event Redemption 
Method for such Notes may not be Physical Redemption), the terms applicable to one or more 
Transaction Type(s) in respect of the relevant Reference Entity(ies) of such Series of Credit 
Linked Notes as set out in the applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT in the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) Part A (Contractual Terms) of the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) any 
schedule or appendix to such Issue Terms, Part A (Contractual Terms) of the Issue Terms will 
prevail. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 
23(d) (Redemption Suspension), the number of Business Days specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then with respect to a 
Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in accordance with 
then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine; PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent has notified the Issuer (who, in turn, 
has notified the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders), that it intends to Deliver an Asset Package 
in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement 
Period shall be 30 Business Days. 
"Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of 
a bespoke basket of two or more Reference Entities (which, for the avoidance of doubt and in 
respect of Exempt Notes only, may include the component Reference Entities of a proprietary 
index) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and

--- Page 868 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
842 
 
(b) 
such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts determined in respect 
of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
"Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount" means, in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected 
Reference Entity and such day) minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereof in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
"Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount 
for such Affected Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject 
to a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
"Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 14 calendar 
days thereafter (PROVIDED THAT the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date 
occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to 
the Trade Date)). 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the relevant Reference Entity to make, when 
and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement 
under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such obligations at the time of 
such failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Premium Accreted Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Single Name Credit Linked 
Note or Linear Basket Credit Linked Note which is also a Zero Coupon Note, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to:

--- Page 869 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
843 
 
(a) 
the Premium Amortised Face Amount, less 
(b) 
the Premium Reference Price. 
"Premium Actual/Actual (ICMA)" means: 
(a) 
where the number of days in the Premium Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than 
the Premium Determination Period during which the Premium Calculation Period 
ends, the number of days in such Premium Calculation Period divided by the product 
of (x) the number of days in such Premium Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Premium Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
where the Premium Calculation Period is longer than the Premium Determination 
Period during which the Premium Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Premium Calculation Period falling in the 
Premium Determination Period in which the Premium Calculation Period 
begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Premium 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Premium Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Premium Calculation Period falling in the next 
Premium Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Premium Determination Period and (y) the number of Premium 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year.  
"Premium Amortised Face Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Single Name Credit 
Linked Note or Linear Basket Credit Linked Note which is also a Zero Coupon Notes, either: 
(a) 
where "Calculation Agent Determination of Premium Amortised Face Amount" is 
specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent payable on the Early Termination Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(i) 
where "Linear Accretion" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
PRP x (1 + AY)x 
(ii) 
where "Linear Accretion" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
PRP x (1 + AY*x) 
For the purposes of this paragraph (b): 
"AY" means the Amortisation Yield expressed as a decimal;  
"x" is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Issue Terms which will be 
either (i) "30/360" (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) in 
the relevant Premium Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) 
"Actual/360" (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
in the relevant Premium Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) 
"Actual/365" in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
in the relevant Premium Calculation Period and the denominator will be 365) or (iv) 
"Actual/Actual (ICMA)", in which case the Day Count Fraction will be determined 
as set out in the definition of "Premium Actual/Actual (ICMA)" above; and

--- Page 870 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
844 
 
"Premium Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the First Tranche of the Notes to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination 
Date. 
(c) 
Where "Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
PRP x  ∏(1 + AY)x
t
i=1
 
 
For the purposes of this paragraph (c): 
"AY" means, in respect of a Calculation Period (i) (where i = 1…t), the Amortisation 
Yield (expressed as a decimal) specified for such Calculation Period (i) in the 
Amortisation Yield Table under the heading "Amortisation Yield". 
"Calculation Period (i)" means each period from (and including) the relevant Start 
Date to (but excluding) the relevant End Date of such period, each as specified under 
the heading "Calculation Period" in the Amortisation Yield Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Calculation Period (t)" means the Calculation Period (i) during which the Relevant 
Early Redemption Date occurs. 
"Premium Calculation Period" means: 
(a) 
in respect of each Calculation Period (i) ending prior to Calculation Period (t), 
the period from (and including) the Start Date of such Calculation Period (i) 
to (but excluding) the End Date of such Calculation Period (i); and 
(b) 
in respect of the Calculation Period (t), the period from (and including) the 
Start Date in respect of the Calculation Period (t), to (but excluding) the 
Relevant Early Redemption Date. 
"Relevant Early Redemption Date" means the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note become due and repayable. 
"x" means, in respect of a Calculation Period (i), the Day Count Fraction specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms which will be either (i) "30/360" (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360 day 
year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) in the relevant Premium Calculation 
Period and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) "Actual/360" (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in the relevant Premium 
Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) "Actual/365" (in which 
case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in the relevant Premium 
Calculation Period and the denominator will be 365) or (iii) "Actual/Actual (ICMA)", 
in which case the Day Count Fraction will be determined as set out in the definition of 
"Premium Actual/Actual (ICMA)" above. 
"Premium Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Premium 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Premium Determination Date. 
"Premium Reference Price" or "PRP" means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked 
Note or Linear Basket Credit Linked Note and a Relevant Credit Event, an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as the product of: 
(a) 
the Applicable Proportion of such Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit 
Event; and

--- Page 871 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
845 
 
(b) 
the Issue Price expressed as a percentage or such other percentage (the "PRP 
Percentage") specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Principal Tax Deduction Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a payment of principal 
(howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference Investor Assets, an amount 
equal to any and all withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on account of any taxes or duties (for 
the avoidance of doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade Date) of whatever nature that 
would be imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any authority of the Reference 
Jurisdiction in respect of such payment to a Reference Investor. 
"PRIN" means any Vnesheconombank's loan arising under a Restructuring Agreement and an 
Exchange Agreement, dated as of 6 October 1997, among Vnesheconombank of the USSR, the 
Closing Agent and Participating Creditors named therein. 
"Principal Writedown Amount" means, in respect of: 
(a) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity, the sum of: 
(i) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) applicable to such 
Affected Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount applicable to such Affected 
Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity, the sum of: 
(i) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) applicable to such 
Affected Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount applicable to such Affected 
Reference Entity.  
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as 
the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit 
Event Announcement), any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which (i) 
existed immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of 
such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation" set out in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", 
in each case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention 
was legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred 
in respect of the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (whether or not 
such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms 
is not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or 
right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. In 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of this definition, references to 
the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow

--- Page 872 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
846 
 
Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi 
Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the 
country in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally 
recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
have occurred and which (a) has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of 
Public Sources, regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such 
information; (b) is information received from or published by (i) the relevant Reference Entity 
(or if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation, 
or (c) is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, 
of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body; PROVIDED THAT where any information of the type described in 
sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) of this definition is not publicly available, it can only constitute 
Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) in the first 
paragraph of this definition, the party receiving such information may assume that such 
information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering 
such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with 
the relevant Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the relevant Reference Entity that would be 
breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such 
information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (a) in relation to the definition 
of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the relevant Reference 
Entity and (b) that the relevant occurrence (i) has met the Payment Requirement or Default 
Requirement, (ii) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period or (iii) has met the 
subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must 
relate to the events described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
"Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the relevant 
Reference Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the 
Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a Guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the relevant Reference Entity irrevocably 
agrees, undertakes or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except 
for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an 
"Underlying Obligation" for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of 
payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is 
equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of 
credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise

--- Page 873 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
847 
 
altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
other than: (i) by payment; (ii) by way of Permitted Transfer; (iii) by operation of law; 
(iv) due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or (v) due to: (A) provisions permitting or 
anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" 
apply; or (B) any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" apply. 
If the Guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the 
relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such Guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (A) a non-payment in respect of the Guarantee 
or the Underlying Obligation, or (B) an event of the type described in the definition of 
"Bankruptcy" in respect of the relevant Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall 
be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding 
the terms of the Guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a Guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: (I) The benefit of a Qualifying 
Guarantee such Guarantee must be capable of being delivered together with the delivery of the 
Underlying Obligation; and (II) if a Guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts 
which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being delivered together with the 
delivery of such Guarantee. 
"Qualifying Policy" means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a financial 
guarantee insurance policy or similar financial guarantee pursuant to which such Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments of an 
instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth below) (the "Insured 
Instrument") for which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor 
(the "Insured Obligor"). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a 
surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express 
contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity can be 
discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). The benefit of a Qualifying 
Policy must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of 
the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee" will apply, with references to the Relevant Guarantee, 
the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, 
the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(a) 
the Obligation Category "Borrowed Money" and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be deemed to include distributions 
payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be 
deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and 
"obligor" as used in these Credit Linked Conditions (as supplemented by the 
"Monoline Supplement") in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be construed 
accordingly; 
(b) 
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" to 
the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, 
respectively; 
(c) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant 
date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of "Accelerated or Matured", whether 
or not that characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of the Transaction Type; 
(d) 
if the "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation" 
or "Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Transaction Type and if the benefit of the

--- Page 874 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
848 
 
Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, 
the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument; 
(e) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as such term is used in the "Maximum 
Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by 
which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur; and 
(f) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the Qualifying 
Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or dates the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, if applicable. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of the 
Reference Obligation's Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or if a 
Quotation is being obtained in respect of the Asset Package resulting from any Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event), as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three 
Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if 
necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the 
relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the same 
Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation 
Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full 
Quotation is obtained on such tenth Business Day, the quotation shall be deemed to be 
zero for the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such 
day. 
"Quotation Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent not in excess of the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being 
obtained. Where an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and a Deliverable Obligation has 
been converted into an Asset Package, the Quotation Amount for all or any part of the Asset 
Package shall be such amount as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in its sole and 
absolute discretion or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which shall be 
converted by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner by reference 
to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained. 
"Quotation Dealer" means, (a) in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, a dealer 
(which may be one or more of the Issuer's affiliates) in obligations of the type for which 
Quotations are to be obtained, including any Quotation Dealer if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms; or (b) in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, a dealer which is not resident in the Reference Jurisdiction, 
if applicable, and which deals in obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, 
including any Quotation Dealer, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, in each case, as 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), 
or not being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be

--- Page 875 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
849 
 
obtained, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, substitute any such Quotation Dealer(s) for one or more of the foregoing. 
"Quotation Method" means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms by reference to one of the following terms (or, if no Quotation Method is specified, Bid 
shall apply), 
where: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation 
Dealers and shall be averaged for the purposes of determining a relevant Quotation 
Dealer's quotation, 
PROVIDED THAT in respect of any Asset Package which is the subject of a Quotation, the 
Quotation Method shall be any of the above Quotation Methods selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, or any other method of quotation provided in the 
market for the relevant Asset as determined by the Calculation Agent, notwithstanding the 
Quotation Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 24 (Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
if no M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
if "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and PROVIDED THAT the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), 
an amount equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Auction Final 
Price, multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected 
Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and PROVIDED THAT the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), 
or if Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an 
amount equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Final Price, 
multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected 
Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
if "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
if "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Auction 
Final Price, multiplied by the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference 
Entity; 
(ii) 
if "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, 
or if Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an 
amount equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Final Price, 
multiplied by the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
if "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Fixed

--- Page 876 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
850 
 
Recovery Percentage, multiplied by the Exercise Amount for the Affected 
Reference Entity. 
"Recovery Threshold Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the amount specified in the Issue Terms which shall 
be the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point. 
"Redemption Suspension Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 23 (Effect of DC Resolutions). 
"Reference Assets" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, an amount of any assets 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms issued by such Reference Entity with a Reference 
Assets Call/Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and a nominal amount 
equal to the Applicable Principal Currency Amount, as such assets may be amended from time 
to time (including without limitation any securities, cash proceeds or other assets into which 
such assets shall have been exchanged or converted from time to time, PROVIDED THAT when 
determining whether any of the events or conditions that may be applicable to the Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, 
have occurred, such determination shall be made by the Calculation Agent with reference to the 
terms and conditions of the original Reference Assets and not such replacement securities or 
assets).  
"Reference Assets Call/Maturity Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference 
Entity, the date specified as such with respect to such Reference Assets in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Reference Assets Conditions" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference Entity, 
the terms and conditions of such Reference Assets, as set out in the base prospectus or equivalent 
document, as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
"Reference Assets Conditions Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference 
Entity, the date specified with respect to the Reference Assets Conditions of such Reference 
Assets in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Assets Forward Rate" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which "FX Forward Rate" applies, 
the rate specified with respect to the Reference Assets FX Forward Notional of the Reference 
Assets relating to a Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Assets FX Forward Notional" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which "FX Forward Rate" 
applies, the amount specified with respect to the Reference Assets relating to a Reference Entity 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which "FX Forward 
Rate" applies, the date specified with respect to the Reference Assets relating to a Reference 
Entity in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Value" means, in respect of Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which "FX Forward 
Rate" applies, an amount (which may be positive or negative) in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent as at the FX Rate Set Date as the product of: 
(a) 
Reference Assets Forward Rate, minus the FX Rate; and 
(b) 
Reference Assets FX Forward Notional, divided by the FX Rate.

--- Page 877 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
851 
 
"Reference Assets Liquidation Value" means, in respect of Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference Entity, on the LA Cash Payment Date, 
Reference Assets Call/Maturity Date or on any Business Day (as applicable), the highest firm 
dirty bid quotation (or, for the purposes of determining whether a Reference Assets Liquidation 
Value Trigger Event has occurred, the highest firm clean bid quotation, excluding accrued 
interest) expressed as a percentage that the Calculation Agent is able to obtain on such day from 
the Quotation Dealers for the sale to the Quotation Dealers of the relevant Reference Assets, 
PROVIDED THAT if none of the Quotation Dealers provides such a firm quotation then the 
"Reference Assets Liquidation Value" shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion, and provided further that if on or prior to any such date the relevant 
Reference Assets have been redeemed in whole in accordance with their terms then the 
"Reference Assets Liquidation Value" shall be the aggregate redemption proceeds (or, for the 
purposes of determining whether a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event has 
occurred, the aggregate redemption proceeds representing principal amounts only) which a 
holder of the relevant Reference Assets would have actually received in connection with such 
redemption of such Reference Assets. The applicable Reference Assets Liquidation Value may 
be equal to zero. The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain firm bid quotations as aforesaid 
from at least five Quotation Dealers. 
"Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event" means, in respect of Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, a notification by the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and 
absolute discretion) to the Issuer that it has determined that the weighted average of the 
Reference Assets Liquidation Value of the Reference Assets of each Reference Entity then 
comprising the Reference Registry is equal to or less than the Reference Assets Trigger Level 
of the aggregate Settlement Currency Principal Amount of all Reference Assets.  
"Reference Assets Only Settlement" means a Series of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of which (i) "Reference 
Assets Only Settlement" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation 
Category in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Reference Entity and (ii) "Standard 
Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in respect of such Reference Entity. 
"Reference Assets Restructuring Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a 
Reference Entity, the cancellation, reduction, suspension or deferral (in whole or in part) of any 
interest, dividend or any other form of distribution in respect of such Reference Assets on the 
due date for payment thereof (whether under the Reference Assets Conditions or otherwise) or, 
in respect of such Reference Assets, a reduction in its rate of interest, dividend or distribution 
from the rate of interest, divided or distribution applicable to such Reference Assets on the Issue 
Date, in each case for any reason whatsoever. 
"Reference Assets Trigger Level" means, in respect of Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Reference Custodian" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement" means, in respect of Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, any formal or informal 
(express or implied) arrangement, method, means or account type through which a Reference 
Investor may hold, directly or indirectly, an interest (including a beneficial interest) in the 
Reference Investor Assets and/or any amount received in respect thereof. 
"Reference Entity" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor 
Provisions), in respect of: 
(a) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, 
the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms;

--- Page 878 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
852 
 
(b) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
each entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(c) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each 
entity contained in the relevant Index and listed in the Index Annex. 
"Reference Entity Count" means, in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
a Reference Entity, one, subject to the terms set out in Credit Linked Condition 24(h) (Multiple 
Successors). 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 24 
(Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference 
Entity, the product of: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; and 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size;  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the sum of the aggregate of 
the Reference Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities and the aggregate 
of the Settled Entity Weightings for all Settled Entities. 
(c) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference 
Entity, the product of: 
(i) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size;  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (A) one by (B) the aggregate of the 
Reference Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities, 
in each case, subject to amendment as provided herein. 
"Reference Entity Weighting" means, in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, and a relevant 
Reference Entity, the percentage specified for such relevant Reference Entity in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Reference Investor" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, any person that holds or owns the Reference Investor 
Assets, which may include the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (including, without limitation, 
any trust, special purpose vehicle or account through which the Issuer or any of its Affiliates 
may hold Reference Investor Assets in the Reference Jurisdiction). 
"Reference Investor Assets" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
if "Reference Assets Only Settlement" applies, the Reference Assets of such Reference 
Entity; and

--- Page 879 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
853 
 
(b) 
if "Reference Assets Only Settlement" does not apply, Obligations and/or Deliverable 
Obligations of such Reference Entity. 
"Reference Jurisdiction" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the jurisdiction specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Reference Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, the Standard Reference Obligation; 
(b) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, if any, PROVIDED THAT, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
irrespective of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard 
Reference Obligation shall be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no 
such Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation 
has previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no 
Reference Obligation applicable to the Series and such previously specified Senior 
Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity 
shall be deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
if (i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, (ii) there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard 
Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date 
onwards, PROVIDED THAT the Standard Reference Obligation that is published 
would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation; or 
(d) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Reference Obligation as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT, in respect of each LPN Reference Entity, the Reference Obligation means, 
as of the Trade Date, each of the obligations listed as a Reference Obligation of such LPN 
Reference Entity in the Issue Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, 
as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, which list is currently available 
at http://www.markit.com/product/Reference-Data-CDS, any Additional LPN, determined in 
accordance with the definition of "Additional LPN" as provided in these Credit Linked 
Conditions, and each Additional Obligation. Each Reference Obligation determined in 
accordance with the foregoing will be a Reference Obligation notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation 
is not an obligation of such LPN Reference Entity. Standard Reference Obligation shall be "Not 
Applicable". It is intended that there may be more than one Reference Obligation, as a result of 
which all applicable references in these Credit Linked Conditions to "the Reference Obligation" 
shall be construed as a reference to "a Reference Obligation", and all other provisions of the 
Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. The provisions in respect of 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" and "Substitution Event" in these Credit Linked Conditions 
shall not be applicable to LPN Reference Obligations.  
"Reference Obligation Only Series" means a Series of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes) in 
respect of which (a) "Reference Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and 
the Deliverable Obligation Category in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Reference 
Entity and (b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Reference Entity.

--- Page 880 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
854 
 
"Reference Registry" means, in respect of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and the 
relevant Issue Date, the register of Reference Assets which is set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, as modified by the Calculation Agent, where applicable, following an Instalment Date, 
by removal of the relevant Reference Asset corresponding to such Instalment Date or to reflect 
any substitution (in accordance with the terms of the Credit Linked Notes) of Reference Assets 
from time to time.  
"Regulatory Change Cost" means, in respect of a Series of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Regulatory Change Event, an 
amount, determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the cost which a Reference Investor 
would have incurred in respect of such Regulatory Change Event had it purchased, received, 
held, transferred or sold the Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount received in respect 
thereof) at any time during the term of such Credit Linked Notes. 
"Regulatory Change Event" means: 
(a) 
the adoption of, change in or change in the interpretation or administration of, any law, 
rule, directive, decree or regulation in the Reference Jurisdiction after the Trade Date 
by any Governmental Authority or any settlement system, depositary or other entity 
charged by any Governmental Authority to regulate the holding, transferring and/or 
taxing of (including amounts received in respect of) Reference Investor Assets; and/or 
(b) 
the compliance by a Reference Investor (and/or its Custodian, if any, in respect of the 
Reference Investor Assets) with any request or directive of any Governmental 
Authority (PROVIDED THAT such term shall also include any taxing authority) or 
any settlement system, depositary or other entity charged by any Governmental 
Authority to regulate the holding, transferring and/or taxing of (including amounts 
received in respect of) Reference Investor Assets, 
which in any such case: 
(i) 
would, in respect of any amount of Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount 
received in respect thereof) which a Reference Investor could have held during the 
term of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, impose, modify or apply any tax, charge, duty, 
reserve, special deposit, insurance assessment or any other requirement on such 
Reference Investor (and this results in additional costs to a Reference Investor); and/or 
(ii) 
increases in any other way the actual or potential cost to a Reference Investor of 
hedging the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, at any 
time during the term of such Credit Linked Notes. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Relevant Credit Event" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 24 
(Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(b) 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which 
occurs with respect to the nth Reference Entity;  
(c) 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to any Reference Entity in the basket; 
(d) 
in the case of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the Index; 
(e) 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the Index once the aggregate of all loss amounts

--- Page 881 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
855 
 
incurred and calculated with respect to all Reference Entities in the Index has reached 
the Loss Threshold Amount); and 
(f) 
in the case of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the basket once the aggregate of all loss 
amounts incurred and calculated with respect to all Reference Entities in the basket has 
reached the Loss Threshold Amount). 
"Relevant Disrupted Amount" means, in respect of a RMB Illiquidity, any amount in RMB 
that is the subject of a determination of a Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Value. 
"Relevant Event Determination Date" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Event 
Determination Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Credit Event. 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the 
Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior 
to the Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective 
date of the first succession), PROVIDED THAT: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, 
or held by the relevant Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for the purposes of the 
determination required to be made under the definition of "Successor", make the 
appropriate adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are 
issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally 
effective date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies and the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Senior Reference Entity, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies, and the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Subordinated Reference Entity, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations 
and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", PROVIDED THAT if no such 
Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it 
would if the relevant Reference Entity were a Senior Reference Entity. 
"Relevant Risk Event" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 24 
(Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, a Risk Event which 
occurs with respect to the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
in the case of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the basket.

--- Page 882 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
856 
 
"Relevant Risk Event Determination Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Risk Event Determination 
Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Risk Event. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an 
authorised officer of the relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more 
Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (ii) declares or 
imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect 
to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; 
and (b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such 
Obligation that occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (a) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 
days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date 
under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the 
expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (b) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the 
date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; PROVIDED 
THAT, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
The "Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" is satisfied (a) if the DC Secretary 
publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on 
or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of 
the relevant Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date and such resolution constitutes an Applicable Resolution or (b) otherwise, by the delivery 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, unless 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that is effective on or prior to the date that is 
fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date. In all cases, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does 
not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for the 
purposes of the relevant Credit Linked Notes has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer (for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders) 
that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
"Resolve" means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making 
of a specific determination in accordance with the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Restricted Debt" means, in respect of a Venezuela Reference Entity: 
(a) 
debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 with a maturity of greater than 90 
days of Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A.;

--- Page 883 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
857 
 
(b) 
debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 with a maturity of greater than 30 
days of a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity, other than debt of Petroleos de 
Venezuela, S.A. covered pursuant to (a) above; 
(c) 
bonds issued by a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity prior to 25 August 2017; and 
(d) 
any other debt that is covered by a Venezuelan Order, 
PROVIDED THAT no debt will be Restricted Debt if the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee determines that such debt is: 
(i) 
subject to any exception to a Venezuelan Order, by license, frequently asked question 
or other interpretive statement by OFAC; or 
(ii) 
specified in OFAC's General License 3 to the Order (Authorizing Transactions Related 
to, Provision of Financing for, and Other Dealings in Certain Bonds). 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the relevant 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the 
relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of exchange) and such 
event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of 
the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and the date as 
of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual 
of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the UK and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency 
which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above in this definition of "Restructuring", none of the following shall 
constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the EU that adopts or has adopted the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, 
as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the EU 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and 
(B) a freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency 
existed at the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or

--- Page 884 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
858 
 
amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by reference to such 
freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" due to an administrative 
adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment 
occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" in circumstances where such 
event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
or financial condition of the Reference Entity, PROVIDED THAT in respect of 
paragraph (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the 
redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action 
taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the EU which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority or in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the case of Qualifying Policy and an Insured 
Instrument, where (A) the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as 
applicable, that the same Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on 
which the Qualifying Policy guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments 
would be made prior to such event and (B) such event is not a change in the ranking in 
the priority of payment of the Qualifying Policy. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Restructuring": 
(I) 
The term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the 
relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a 
Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the relevant Reference Entity 
in this definition shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference 
to the relevant Reference Entity in this definition of "Restructuring" shall continue to 
refer to the relevant Reference Entity. 
(II) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events 
described under sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition has occurred will be based 
on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the 
terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
(III) 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of the first and 
second paragraphs of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include 
Insured Instruments for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a 
Qualifying Policy. In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, 
references to the relevant Reference Entity in the first paragraph above shall be deemed 
to refer to the Insured Obligor and the reference to the relevant Reference Entity in the 
first paragraph above shall continue to refer to the relevant Reference Entity. 
(IV) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto and in 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition 
are hereby amended to read as follows: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in sub-
paragraph (a)(i) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in sub-
paragraph (a)(i) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (1) the payment 
or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in sub-paragraph (a)(i) of the

--- Page 885 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
859 
 
definition thereof; or (2) the payment of the Instrument Payments described 
in sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition thereof, in each case that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Guarantee; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of: (1) any Obligation under a 
Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination or such Obligation to any other Obligation; or (2) any 
Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured Instrument 
to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood 
that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such 
change that results in lower ranking under a priority of payments provision 
applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the 
lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the UK and the United States 
of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Restructuring Date" means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in 
accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with 
the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan") and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be 
the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured Instrument in 
the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final 
maturity date", as such term is used in this definition shall mean the specified date by which the 
Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the 
Certificate Balance will occur. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation 
specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which 
the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated 
that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency 
Fixing Time or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Risk Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent: 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms specify that the Settlement Currency Principal Amount is the 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount of the Reference Assets of such Reference 
Entity, the occurrence or existence of a Credit Event; or 
(b) 
if the Issue Terms specify that the LCY Reference Amount is the Applicable Principal 
Currency Amount of the Reference Assets of such Reference Entity, the occurrence or 
existence of a Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event.   
"Risk Event Determination Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and with respect to a Risk Event, the

--- Page 886 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
860 
 
date on which an effective Risk Event Notice has been delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders. 
"Risk Event Determination Period" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the period from and including the 
Additional Risk Event Start Date to and including the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Risk Event Notice" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders, which: 
(a) 
identifies the "Series" of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which the Risk Event Notice relates; 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent's intention for the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant Risk Event Redemption 
Method; and 
(c) 
specifies a Risk Event that occurred or exists during the Risk Event Determination 
Period and provides details of such Risk Event. 
Any Risk Event Notice that describes a Risk Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension 
Date, 
or 
the 
relevant 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
in 
the 
case 
of 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.  
A Risk Event Notice that describes a Risk Event must be in respect of the full Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, in the relevant Series, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions). 
A Risk Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Risk Event has occurred. The Risk Event that is the subject of the Risk 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Risk Event Notice is effective. 
"Risk Event Redemption Method" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, "LA Cash Redemption", "LA 
Physical Redemption" or "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption", as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Risk Event Redemption Option" means, in respect of Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes and a Risk Event, "Redemption in Part" or "Redemption in Full", as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms with respect to such Risk Event, PROVIDED THAT in respect of a Risk 
Event which is a Credit Event, "Redemption in Part" will be deemed to apply.  
"RMB Illiquidity (FX)" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of any event or circumstance 
whereby: 
(a) 
the general Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, 
without limitation, the existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of which 
the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under 
the Notes (or if applicable, any party to a Hedging Position cannot obtain sufficient 
Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under such Hedging Positions);  
(b) 
it becomes impossible or impractical for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (or would 
be impossible or impractical for any party to a Hedging Position) to obtain a firm quote 
of the exchange rate or to determine the FX Rate, as the case may be; or

--- Page 887 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
861 
 
(c) 
it becomes impossible or impracticable (where it had previously been possible or 
practicable) for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to obtain a firm quote of an offer price 
in respect of any Relevant Disrupted Amount on each relevant payment date under the 
Notes (as the case may be), either in one transaction or a commercially reasonable 
number of transactions that, when taken together, is no less than such Relevant 
Disrupted Amount, in the general RMB exchange market in each RMB Settlement 
Centre in order to perform its obligations under the Notes (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the inability for a party to obtain such firm quote solely due to issues relating to 
its creditworthiness shall not constitute a RMB Illiquidity),  
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Russian Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "Additional Provisions for 
the Russian Federation (August 13, 2004)" apply. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date Extension" means an extension determined in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension). 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means Credit Linked Notes in respect of which "Additional 
Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 2017)" 
apply in relation to one or more Reference Entities and in respect of which, each such relevant 
Reference Entity constitutes a Subordinated Reference Entity.  
"Senior Non-Preferred Obligation" means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or 
which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above Traditional Subordinated Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity or which would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation. 
"Senior Obligation" means any Obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Senior Reference Entity" means a relevant Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference 
Obligation(s) or Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Senior Obligation. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, (a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or (b) if 
no such seniority level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) 
"Senior Level" or (d) in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relevant Reference 
Entity, the "Senior Non-Preferred Level". 
"Settled Entity" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each entity (if any) 
identified as such for the Index in the Settled Entity Matrix.  
"Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to the Aggregate Settled Entity Loss 
Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount. 
"Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to the Aggregate Settled Entity 
Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount. 
"Settled Entity Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
with respect to a Settled Entity, an amount equal to the product of (subject to a minimum of 
zero):

--- Page 888 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
862 
 
(a) 
the Settled Entity Notional Amount for such Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
(i) 100 per cent. minus (ii) the Weighted Average Final Price set out opposite such 
Settled Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix or where "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
applies, the Fixed Recovery Percentage.  
"Settled Entity Matrix" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Settled 
Entity Matrix as most recently amended and supplemented as of the calendar day immediately 
preceding the Trade Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and as published by Markit 
or any successor thereto (which can be accessed at http://www.markit.com or any successor 
website thereto). 
"Settled Entity Notional Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
and with respect to each Settled Entity: 
(a) 
the product of (i) the Implicit Portfolio Size and (ii) the Settled Entity Weighting of the 
relevant Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (i) one by (ii) the sum of the aggregate of the 
Reference Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities and the aggregate of the Settled 
Entity Weightings for all Settled Entities. 
"Settled Entity Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
and with respect to a Settled Entity, an amount equal to the product of: 
(a) 
the Settled Entity Notional Amount for such Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
the lesser of (i) 100 per cent. and (ii) the Weighted Average Final Price set out opposite 
such Settled Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix or where "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
applies, the Fixed Recovery Percentage.  
"Settled Entity Weighting" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and with 
respect to a Settled Entity, the weighting specified for such Settled Entity in the Settled Entity 
Matrix. 
"Settlement Currency Principal Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor 
Assets of such Reference Entity, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Settlement/Custodial Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, (a) the occurrence of any event, the 
existence of any condition or the taking of any action that results, or may result with the passage 
of time, in the Bankruptcy (as if references to "Reference Entity" were changed to "Custodian" 
for these purposes) of any Custodian or (b) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned 
by such Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (i) fails to 
perform in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed to a Reference Investor under any 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (ii) fails to take any action when instructed to 
do so by a Reference Investor pursuant to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (iii) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference 
Custodial/Settlement Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in 
respect of the Issuer's obligations with respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Single Name Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such 
in the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from 
Securityholders in respect of one Reference Entity. 
"Single Name Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 24(h)(i) (Single Name Credit Linked Notes).

--- Page 889 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
863 
 
"Single Name Successor Entity" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
24 (Successor Provisions). 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the relevant 
Reference Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, 
converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to 
constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a relevant 
Reference Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
(a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within the 
definition of a "Deliverable Obligation" immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing 
such Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, 
reconstitution or other similar event. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, two). 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. The current SRO list can be obtained at 
https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html. 
"Standard Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event and a 
Series where Auction Redemption is specified as the applicable Credit Event Redemption 
Method and "Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not specified to be applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, PROVIDED THAT neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, 
with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period 
(including prior to the Trade Date) and either: 
(i) 
(I) the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) the Trade Date 
occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
(I) the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) a Credit Event Notice 
is delivered by a notifying party to the other party and is effective on or prior 
to the Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(1) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption of the Credit Linked Notes 
has occurred on or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Meeting Announcement occurs;

--- Page 890 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
864 
 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity has occurred on or prior to the date on which the Applicable 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event Determination 
Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to the portion of the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or, if the 
Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the relevant Reference Entity 
to which the Event Determination Date relates, if any, with respect to which 
no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit 
Event has previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders, (aa) unless the 
M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject 
of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, if 
the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise Amount specified in any 
such Credit Event Notice was less than the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Exercise Amount specified in any such Credit Event Notice was 
less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference 
Entity, or (cc) unless a representative credit derivative transaction 
economically equivalent to the Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format 
referencing the same Affected Reference Entity and (a) having identical 
deliverable obligation terms to one set of the Deliverable Obligation Terms of 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms and to the 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes; (b) in the case 
of M(M)R Restructuring, having a scheduled termination date which falls 
within the designated scheduled termination dates for the Applicable Auction 
and having similar tenor to the Credit Linked Notes (in each case, assuming 
"Auction Redemption" and a deemed occurrence of an Event Determination 
Date) would be a covered transaction and the deliverable obligations set out 
on the Final List are identical to the Deliverable Obligations for such Series. 
If no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Single Notifying Party Event 
Determination Date" shall not apply. 
"Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and a Series to which "Standard Event 
Determination Date" applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms may be published, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days 
following the date on which such Final List is published (assuming, for the 
purposes of the timing set out herein, that any Credit Event Notice is delivered 
by the Calculation Agent (as a buyer of credit protection) to the Issuer (as a 
seller of credit protection); or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event and a Series to which "Standard Event Determination 
Date" does not apply, the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date,

--- Page 891 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
865 
 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity with 
the relevant Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. Unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Standard Reference Obligation(s) in 
respect of a Series of Credit Linked Notes will be deemed to be "Applicable".  
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the UK and the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall 
mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be 
a series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, by one or more entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any Obligation which is Subordinated to any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would 
be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity existed. 
"Subordinated Reference Entity" means a relevant Reference Entity for which the Reference 
Obligation(s) or Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Subordinated Obligation. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the Obligation that may replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Reference Obligation), or, in the case of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as determined by the Index Sponsor (in 
the absence of any determination by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee). 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" (a) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Series and (b) if the 
events set out in sub-paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with 
respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Series, such Reference 
Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on 
which the Calculation Agent notifies the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of the Substitute Reference 
Obligation that it has identified in accordance with the definition of "Substitute Reference 
Obligation". 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any other reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a relevant 
Reference Entity, (either directly or as provider of a Guarantee (or, in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)). 
For the purposes of the identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will 
not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event.

--- Page 892 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
866 
 
If an event described in paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition has occurred on or prior to the 
Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition, as the case may be, on the Issue Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"Substitution Event Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note, 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to (x) the fair market value of the 
Credit Linked Notes (which shall be deemed to have a principal amount equal to the product of 
(i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes and (ii) the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Reference Entity which is the subject of the 
Substitution Event where the Notes are redeemed in part) determined by the Issuer as at the 
Substitution Event Date, and (y) adjusted to take into account any Unwind Costs (if any).  
"Successor" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 24(a) (Eligible Successors), the entity 
or entities, if any, determined by the Calculation Agent or the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, as applicable, as follows: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (g) of this definition, if one entity succeeds, either directly or 
as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference 
Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to seventy five per cent. or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(b) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, 
in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to more than 
twenty five per cent. (but less than seventy five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, 
the entity that succeeds to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
will be the sole Successor; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) 
to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, the entities that 
succeed to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a 
Successor; 
(d) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) 
to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, and more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, each such entity and the 
Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(e) 
if one or more entities succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
(or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity and the relevant Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor;  
(f) 
if one or more entities succeeds either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
(or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity and the relevant Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to 
the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (PROVIDED 
THAT if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, 
each such entity will be a Successor); and

--- Page 893 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
867 
 
(g) 
in respect of a relevant Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes 
all of the Obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the relevant 
Reference Entity, and at the time of the determination either (i) the relevant Reference 
Entity has ceased to exist, or (ii) the relevant Reference Entity is in the process of being 
dissolved (howsoever described) and the relevant Reference Entity has not issued or 
incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date 
of the assumption, such entity (the "Universal Successor") will be the sole Successor. 
For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the relevant Reference Entity (A) 
assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or 
pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), 
or (B) issues Bonds or incurs loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), and in either case the relevant Reference 
Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) with respect to the Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this definition, 
"succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution, the 
date that is 90 calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date; and 
(b) 
in all other cases, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which the Successor Notice is effective; and 
(ii) 
in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has 
occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice 
is delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent not more than 14 calendar days 
after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. 
The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; PROVIDED 
THAT if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective 
date of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (a) the date on which a 
determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of "Successor" would not be affected 
by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (b) the occurrence of an 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
"Successor Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders that describes a succession (or, in 
relation to a relevant Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in 
respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors 
to the Reference Entity can be determined. A Successor Notice must contain a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination to be made pursuant to paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Successor". 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC

--- Page 894 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
868 
 
Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the 
date on which such notice is effective. 
"Swaption Adjustment Event" means a Credit Linked Adjustment Event or a Swaption 
Disruption Event. 
"Swaption Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that 
(1) a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur or (2) any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of 
the Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in 
each case, with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or 
will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Benchmark to perform 
its or their respective obligations under the  Credit Linked Notes or (3) save where the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that "Swaption Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))" is not 
applicable, it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in 
connection with the Credit Linked Notes as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or 
changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without 
limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid 
licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Credit Linked Note and for 
any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material 
change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence), or (4) there has been an official 
announcement by the supervisor of the administrator and/or sponsor of the Benchmark that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable 
of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that such 
Benchmark is intended to measure. 
"Swaption Benchmark" means CDSW Price Field.  
"Swaption Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Swaption 
Benchmark any of the following: 
(a) 
any material change in such Swaption Benchmark; or 
(b) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Swaption 
Benchmark; or 
(c) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Swaption Benchmark 
in respect of the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Swaption Buyer" means the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty. 
"Swaption Disruption Event" means (i) a Swaption Administrator/Benchmark Event or (ii) a 
Swaption Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event. 
"Swaption Interest Amount" means an amount per Credit Linked Note equal to such Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of the Index Swaption Cash Settlement Amount. 
"Swaption Interest Amount Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Swaption Seller" means the Issuer. 
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 (the Trans-European Automarket Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System), or any successor or replacement for that system, is 
open.  
"Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation" means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which meets the conditions set out in the CRR or 
which are (or were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR.

--- Page 895 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
869 
 
"Traditional Subordinated Obligation" means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 
Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the 
Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in (i) and (ii) above 
shall each (without limitation) constitute Traditional Subordinated Obligations in respect of a 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall constitute a 
Further Subordinated Obligation. 
"Tranche Size" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Tranche Size will be expressed as a percentage. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms; PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner, that (a) the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
substantially the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes, and (b) if such Credit Event is a Restructuring for which either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is applicable or deemed to be applicable, 
a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Notes would be an 
"Auction Covered Transaction" for the purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Transaction Type" means, where "Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, each Reference Entity designated as one of the 
following in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
Standard North American Corporate; 
(b) 
Standard European Corporate; 
(c) 
Standard European Financial Corporate; 
(d) 
Standard European CoCo Financial Corporate; 
(e) 
Standard European Senior Non-Preferred Financial Corporate; 
(f) 
Standard European Limited Recourse Corporate; 
(g) 
Standard Subordinated European Insurance Corporate; 
(h) 
Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN; 
(i) 
Standard Emerging European Corporate; 
(j) 
Standard Japan Corporate; 
(k) 
Standard Japan Financial Corporate; 
(l) 
Standard Japan Sovereign; 
(m) 
Standard Singapore Corporate; 
(n) 
Standard Singapore Financial Corporate; 
(o) 
Standard Singapore Sovereign;  
(p) 
Standard Asia Corporate; 
(q) 
Standard Asia Financial Corporate; 
(r) 
Standard Asia Sovereign;

--- Page 896 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
870 
 
(s) 
Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign; 
(t) 
Standard Western European Sovereign; 
(u) 
Standard Latin America Corporate B 
(v) 
Standard Latin America Corporate BL; 
(w) 
Standard Latin America Sovereign; 
(x) 
Standard Australia Corporate; 
(y) 
Standard Australia Financial Corporate; 
(z) 
Standard Australia Sovereign; 
(aa) 
Standard New Zealand Corporate; 
(bb) 
Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate; 
(cc) 
Standard New Zealand Sovereign, 
and any other Transaction Type which may be added to the Physical Settlement Matrix from 
time to time. 
"Trigger Percentage" means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity, the trigger percentage 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or if no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per 
cent.). 
"UK" means the United Kingdom. 
"Ukraine Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "Additional Provisions for 
the Republic of Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (April 
11, 2016)" apply. 
"Undeliverable Assets" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 19(k)(iii) 
(Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any)). 
"Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 19(i)(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
"Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in the Settlement Currency equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(B) 
(I) the LA Recovery Amount or (II) where "Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" is applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any (but 
excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the 
principal amount of the relevant LA Settlement Assets to deliver). 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 19(i)(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms).

--- Page 897 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
871 
 
"Underlying Finance Instrument" means, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, a deposit, 
loan or other Borrowed Money instrument from an LPN Issuer to such LPN Reference Entity.  
"Underlying Loan" means, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, a loan from an LPN Issuer. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a Guarantee, the Obligation which is the 
subject of the Guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case 
of a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation. 
"Universal Successor" has the meaning given in the definition of "Successor". 
"Unwind Costs" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees, 
charges, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates in connection with: 
(a) 
the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes; and 
(b) 
if the Issuer has elected to hedge its exposure, the related termination, settlement or re-
establishment of any hedge or related trading position. 
"Valuation Date" means:  
(a) 
if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 23(d) (Redemption Suspension), the date that is 
the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms after (i) the Event 
Determination Date (where the Event Determination Date does not occur pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date"); (ii) 
the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs (where no Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the 
Event Determination Date to occur) or the relevant Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable (where Standard Exercise Cut-off 
Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event 
Determination Date to occur), in each case where the Event Determination Date occurs 
pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or 
sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date" or 
(iii) the Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date where Fallback 
Redemption Method applies; and (iv) if the number of Business Days is not so 
specified, any day falling on or before the 90th Business Day following the applicable 
date referred to in (i), (ii) or (iii) above; 
(b) 
if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 23(d) (Redemption Suspension), each of the 
following dates: 
(i) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms after (i) the Event Determination Date (where the Event Determination 
Date does not occur pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of "Standard 
Event Determination Date" or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-
Standard Event Determination Date"); (ii) the day on which the DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs (where no Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event 
Determination Date to occur) or the relevant Standard Exercise Cut-off Date 
or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable (where Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order 
for the Event Determination Date to occur), in each case where the Event 
Determination Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of 
"Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition

--- Page 898 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
872 
 
of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date" or (iii) the Auction 
Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date where Fallback 
Redemption Method applies; and (iv) if the number of Business Days is not 
specified, 5 Business Days following the applicable date referred to in (i), (ii) 
or (iii) above); and  
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
5 Business Days) after the date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a 
Market Value with respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
(c) 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the total 
number of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, 
five Valuation Dates). 
(d) 
if neither "Single Valuation Date" nor "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the terms of paragraph (a) of this definition shall apply as if 
"Single Valuation Date" had been specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Valuation Method" means: 
(a) 
where there is only one Valuation Date, Highest, Lowest or Market, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if no Valuation Method is specified, Highest shall apply). 
(b) 
where there is more than one Valuation Date, Average Highest, Average Market or 
Highest, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if no Valuation Method is 
specified, Average Highest shall apply). 
where: 
(i) 
"Average Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Quotation") with respect to each Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
"Average Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to any 
Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
"Lowest" means the lowest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to any 
Valuation Date; and 
(v) 
"Market" means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) of this definition, if Quotations include fewer than two 
Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market or Average Market, as the case may be. 
"Valuation Obligation" means, where Cash Redemption applies, an obligation, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, provided 
such obligations(s) is either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such 
time is specified, the time determined by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as 
reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Deliverable 
Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as the case may be, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that such principal trading market would be closed at such time or such transactions are not

--- Page 899 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
873 
 
being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at such time, in which event the Valuation Time 
shall be such other time as may be specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market 
is open. 
"Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity" means any of the following entities: 
(a) 
República Bolivariana de Venezuela; 
(b) 
Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A.;  
(c) 
any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality of República Bolivariana de 
Venezuela, including the Central Bank of Venezuela and Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A.; 
and 
(d) 
any person owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any entity referred to 
in (a) to (c) above. 
"Venezuela Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity or an Underlying Obligor which is a 
Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity and the "Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017)" 
apply. 
"Venezuelan Order" means the Executive Order 13808 of 24 August 2017 "Imposing 
Additional Sanctions With Respect to the Situation in Venezuela" or subsequent executive 
order, legislation, regulation or similar action implemented by OFAC imposing a sanction on 
debt of a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Final Price" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
and each Settled Entity, the amount specified in respect of such Settled Entity in the Settled 
Entity Matrix. 
"Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)" means: 
(a) 
where the number of days in the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is equal to or shorter 
than the Zero Coupon Determination Period during which the Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Zero Coupon Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
where the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is longer than the Zero Coupon 
Determination Period during which the Zero Coupon Calculation Period ends, the sum 
of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period falling in the 
Zero Coupon Determination Period in which the Zero Coupon Calculation 
Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Zero 
Coupon Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period falling in the next 
Zero Coupon Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Zero Coupon Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year. 
"Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Single Name 
Credit Linked Note or Linear Basket Credit Linked Note which is also a Zero Coupon Note, 
either:

--- Page 900 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
874 
 
(a) 
where "Calculation Agent Determination of Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount" is 
specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as payable on the Early Termination Date; or  
(b) 
otherwise, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(i) 
where "Linear Accretion" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
ZCRP x (1 + AY)z 
(ii) 
where "Linear Accretion" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
ZCRP x (1 + AY*z) 
For the purposes of this paragraph (b): 
"AY" means the Amortisation Yield expressed as a decimal;  
"z" is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Issue Terms which will be 
either (i) "30/360" (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) in 
the relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period (as defined in the General Conditions) 
and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) "Actual/360" (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days in the relevant Zero Coupon Calculation 
Period and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) "Actual/365" (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in the relevant Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period and the denominator will be 365) or (iv) "Actual/Actual (ICMA)", 
in which case the Day Count Fraction will be determined as set out in the definition of 
"Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)" as set out above; and 
"Zero Coupon Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Credit Linked Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Credit Linked Note 
becomes due and repayable. 
(c) 
Where "Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
ZCRP x ∏(1 + AY)z
t
i=1
 
For the purposes of this paragraph (c): 
"AY" means, in respect of a Calculation Period (i) (where i = 1…t), the Amortisation 
Yield (expressed as a decimal) specified for such Calculation Period (i) in the 
Amortisation Yield Table under the heading "Amortisation Yield"; 
"Calculation Period (i)" means each period from (and including) the relevant Start 
Date to (but excluding) the relevant End Date of such period, each as specified under 
the heading "Calculation Period" in the Amortisation Yield Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Calculation Period (t)" means the Calculation Period (i) during which the Relevant 
Early Redemption Date occurs; 
"Relevant Early Redemption Date" means the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note become due and repayable;

--- Page 901 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
875 
 
"z" means, in respect of a Calculation Period (i), the Day Count Fraction specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms which will be either (i) "30/360" (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360 day 
year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) in the relevant Zero Coupon Calculation 
Period and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) "Actual/360" (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in the relevant Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) "Actual/365" (in which 
case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in the relevant Zero 
Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 365) or (iii) "Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)", in which case the Day Count Fraction will be determined as set out in the 
definition of "Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)" above; 
"Zero Coupon Calculation Period" means: 
(a) 
in respect of each Calculation Period (i) ending prior to Calculation Period (t), 
the period from (and including) the Start Date of such Calculation Period (i) 
to (but excluding) the End Date of such Calculation Period (i); and 
(b) 
in respect of the Calculation Period (t), the period from (and including) the 
Start Date in respect of the Calculation Period (t), to (but excluding) the 
Relevant Early Redemption Date. 
"Zero Coupon Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Determination Date. 
"Zero Coupon Reference Price" or "ZCRP" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note and 
a Relevant Credit Event, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the product of: 
(a) 
in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, the Outstanding Nominal Amount 
of such Credit Linked Note or, in respect of each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes; and 
(b) 
the Issue Price expressed as a percentage or such other percentage (the "ZCRP 
Percentage") specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Zero Coupon Percentage" means a percentage equal to the Issue Price of the Notes unless a 
different percentage is specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Zero Coupon Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 902 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
876 
 
PART C: CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
The Credit Linked Conditions of the Notes set out the specific terms and conditions that apply to only 
Credit Linked Notes for which "2003 Reference Entity" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, where this Part C applies, Part B (Credit Linked Conditions (2014 
Reference Entity)) will not apply. 
The Credit Linked Conditions set out the economic or 'payout' terms of the Credit Linked Notes. These 
are optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Credit Linked 
Notes. The applicable Issue Terms will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series of Credit 
Linked Notes. 
The provisions in this Part C are the conditions (the "Credit Linked Conditions") that will apply to the 
Notes if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Credit Linked Notes" are applicable (the "Credit 
Linked Notes") and "2003 Reference Entity" is applicable. These Credit Linked Conditions apply as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In the case of any inconsistency between these Credit 
Linked Conditions, the General Conditions and any other Schedule, these Credit Linked Conditions will 
prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in italicised shall not form part of 
the Credit Linked Conditions.  
This Part C will apply to Credit Linked Notes in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection 
from Securityholders in respect of one Reference Entity only ("Single Name Credit Linked Notes"). 
Words and expressions defined or used in the applicable Issue Terms shall have the same meanings where 
used in these Credit Linked Conditions, General Conditions and any other Schedule unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Credit 
Linked Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the Credit Linked 
Notes will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Issue Terms. References in these Credit 
Linked Conditions to "Credit Linked Notes" are to the Credit Linked Notes, as the case may be, of one 
Series only, not to all Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Credit Linked Conditions to a Credit Linked Condition 
are to the corresponding provision of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Redemption on the Scheduled Maturity Date where no Relevant Credit Event has occurred 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer, PROVIDED THAT a Relevant Event Determination Date has not 
occurred and subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), each 
outstanding Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if a Relevant Credit Event and 
a corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date has occurred, the Issuer will redeem the 
Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes), subject to Credit Linked Conditions 7 (Restructuring), 14 (Effect 
of DC Resolutions) and 15 (Successor Provisions), as applicable. 
Upon discharge by the Issuer of its payment or delivery obligations on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date (or, if the Issuer does not have any payment or delivery obligations, upon the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date) pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 
8 (Auction Redemption Terms), 9 (Cash Redemption Terms), 10 (Physical Redemption Terms) 
or 11 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms), as applicable, or otherwise provided herein, the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of such portion of each Credit Linked Note affected by the 
Relevant Credit Event shall be discharged in full.

--- Page 903 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
877 
 
As a result of one or more Credit Events, Securityholders may receive less than the principal 
amount of a Credit Linked Note (and such amount may be zero). Any shortfall shall be borne 
by the Securityholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Early redemption other than following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early: 
(i) 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions; 
(ii) 
following, if applicable, a Merger Event pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 21 
(Redemption upon Merger Event); or 
(iii) 
following, if applicable, the failure to substitute the Reference Obligation in certain 
events as set out in Credit Linked Condition 17(d) (Redemption following no 
substitution), 
each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of its Early Termination 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Substitution Event 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, on the Early Termination Date, Optional Redemption Date 
or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, in each case, in accordance with the applicable 
Conditions. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a Relevant Credit 
Event occurs immediately after an event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes 
(as described above), the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event will be disregarded (to the 
extent that the relevant Credit Linked Notes have not already been redeemed in full and 
cancelled) and the Early Termination Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger 
Redemption Amount or Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as applicable, payable to 
Securityholders will be determined on the basis of the event triggering early redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes only. 
2. 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Accrual of Interest where a Relevant Event Determination Date has not occurred 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following a CE Resolution 
Notice or a potential Credit Event), and PROVIDED THAT the Credit Linked Notes have not 
been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, interest (if any) shall accrue on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule (as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable) to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to 
Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any Credit Linked Note on or after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event and a 
corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date, the payment of interest (if any) in respect 
of the Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, as determined in accordance with and subject to Credit Linked Condition 3 
(Single Name Credit Linked Notes), will be suspended as of: 
(i) 
if "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(x) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date; or

--- Page 904 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
878 
 
(y) 
where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable Issue Terms, the first Business 
Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date. 
(iii) 
In such case, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note, interest shall accrue on 
the Applicable Proportion of such Credit Linked Note: 
(x) 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Relevant Event Determination Date, or (where there is no Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date), the 
Issue Date 
(y) 
to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date. 
(c) 
Suspension of Interest following a CE Resolution Notice or a potential Credit Event 
Subject to Credit Linked Conditions 2(d) (Payment of Suspended Interest following 
announcement by ISDA or determination by the Calculation Agent), 2(e) (Payment of 
Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event) and 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), if, on or prior to an Interest Payment 
Date, the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a CE Resolution Notice has been submitted in respect of which a DC Resolution 
(including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement and a DC No Credit 
Event Announcement) has not been published or the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not resolved whether it will convene a meeting to 
Resolve the matters described in the CE Resolution Notice; or  
(ii) 
a Relevant Credit Event and corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date could 
occur but no Credit Event Notice has been provided to the Issuer and/or the 
Securityholders,  
the payment of any interest in respect of the Applicable Proportion will be suspended as of the 
Interest Payment Date on or immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date, or, 
where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issue Date, notwithstanding that a Relevant Event Determination Date 
has not then occurred. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable if any payment of interest on 
their Notes is suspended pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 2(c). 
The Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (i) on the assumption that (x) a Relevant Credit Event would result in a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, (y) the Relevant Credit Event will not be a Restructuring 
and (z) where any Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, is required to determine the 
portion of the Credit Linked Notes subject to interest suspension, a Fixed Recovery Percentage 
of zero per cent. will apply and (ii) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes). 
Except for such portion of interest that is suspended in respect of each Credit Linked Note, 
payment of any interest on the remaining portion of the relevant Credit Linked Note (which is 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event), if applicable, will be payable to Securityholders as 
usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
(d) 
Payment of Suspended Interest following announcement by ISDA or determination by the 
Calculation Agent 
If:

--- Page 905 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
879 
 
(i) 
In connection with a CE Resolution Notice: (A) an Applicable DC No Credit Event 
Announcement occurs; or (B) ISDA publicly announces that the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters set out in such 
CE Resolution Notice; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Event Determination Date can no 
longer occur,  
payment of the suspended interest will be made no later than 10 Business Days following (I) in 
the case of Credit Linked Condition 2(d)(i)(A) above, the relevant announcement by ISDA or 
(II) otherwise, the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Event 
Determination Date can no longer occur (taking into consideration any Notice Delivery Period, 
the date on which ISDA publicly announces that the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters set out in the CE Resolution Notice, the 
date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement and any Exercise Cut-off Date). 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to be suspended until a relevant 
announcement by ISDA (as described above) occurs, the Calculation Agent determines that no 
Relevant Event Determination Date can occur. In such circumstances, Securityholders may not 
receive any interest for multiple Interest Periods and no liability shall attach to the Issuer for 
any such non-payment of interest. 
(e) 
Payment of Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Credit Event 
If, a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following a CE Resolution 
Notice or a potential Credit Event) is greater than the amount of interest that should 
have been suspended (taking into consideration the Applicable Proportion of the 
relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit Event), the Issuer shall 
pay an amount equal to: 
(x) 
the interest amount actually suspended; minus 
(y) 
the interest amount that should have been suspended, 
no later than 10 Business Days following the date of such determination by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following a CE Resolution 
Notice or a potential Credit Event) is less than the amount of interest that should have 
been suspended (taking into consideration the Applicable Proportion of the relevant 
Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit Event), the Issuer shall deduct the 
absolute value of (x) the interest amount actually suspended minus (y) the interest 
amount that should have been suspended (the absolute value of such amount, the 
"Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount"") from future payments of Interest Amounts 
until the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount is reduced to zero, PROVIDED THAT 
if there is an outstanding Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount at the time that the 
Credit Linked Notes are being redeemed in full (whether at maturity or upon early 
redemption), such interest shall be deducted from any amount payable to 
Securityholders at such time, or where "Physical Redemption" applies, Delivery of the 
relevant assets shall take into account any reduction as is required to be effected. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount cannot be 
deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being 
insufficient), the Issuer shall have no further claims against the Securityholders for any 
amounts not deducted.

--- Page 906 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
880 
 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
This Credit Linked Condition 2(f) applies only if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event, notwithstanding the suspension of interest 
pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event), the relevant Credit Payment on Maturity Amount shall 
accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period (regardless of 
whether "No Interest Accrual on Default" or "Interest Accrual on Default" applies), from (and 
including) the first Business Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination 
Date, to (but excluding in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii) below and including in the case of 
paragraph (iii) below) the earliest to occur of: 
(i) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Termination 
Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable; and 
(iii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are redeeming in full following a Relevant Credit 
Event, the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the Credit Event 
Redemption Date which results in the relevant Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in 
full, 
such interest, the "Funding Interest Amount". 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Introduction 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of any one Reference Entity and, 
accordingly, Securityholders are exposed to the credit risk of such Reference Entity only 
(subject to the Successor provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor 
Provisions)). 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Single Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 7 (Restructuring) and 15 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not a Restructuring or no 
successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount 
divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is a Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not 
a Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Successor Provisions)).

--- Page 907 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
881 
 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event); 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Single Name 
Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Termination Date, the Optional 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event 
Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
which results in the Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at 
Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event) from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date (or if there is no 
Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination 
Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, PROVIDED THAT such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes 
are redeemed in full; 
(iii) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Termination Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note in accordance with 
the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, the "Physical Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or

--- Page 908 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
882 
 
the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the 
Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 8 
(Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the 
Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 8 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 8 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the 
Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 9 
(Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 9 (Cash Redemption Terms).

--- Page 909 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
883 
 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 8 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note as if Physical Redemption had 
been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single 
Name Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount or any Fallback Cash 
Redemption Amount (as applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 10 
(Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 11 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
4. 
Credit Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information 
(a) 
If (i) a Credit Event Notice and (ii) if "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available 
Information is required to be delivered during one of the periods specified in paragraph (a) of 
the definition of "Event Determination Date" for an effective Event Determination Date to 
occur, the Calculation Agent shall deliver the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice 
of Publicly Available Information to the Issuer, PROVIDED THAT sub-paragraph (ii) shall be 
deemed to be satisfied in circumstances where ISDA publicly announces on or prior to the last 
day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit 
Event has occurred with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Obligation thereof. The 
Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), forward them to the Fiscal Agent to make available 
to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices). 
(b) 
If a Credit Event Notice and, where applicable, a "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is 
not required to be delivered for an effective Event Determination Date to occur, the Calculation 
Agent shall give written notice not less than five Business Days prior to the date for redemption 
of the Credit Linked Notes (or a portion thereof) containing the same information required to 
be included in a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information to the Issuer. The Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), forward them to the

--- Page 910 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
884 
 
Fiscal Agent to make available to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 19 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent's determination of a Credit Event will, in the absence of manifest error, 
be final, conclusive and binding on all persons (including, without limitation, the Fiscal Agent 
and each Securityholder). 
(d) 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent or one or more of their respective 
affiliates will have any liability whatsoever for the failure of the Calculation Agent for any 
reason to determine that a Credit Event has occurred or with respect to the Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer's timing as to when to deliver a Credit Event Notice, and where applicable, a Notice 
of Publicly Available Information nor will they have any duty or responsibility to investigate or 
check whether any Credit Event has, or may have, occurred or may be continuing. 
5. 
Event Determination Dates and Adjustment Payments  
If, following the determination of an Event Determination Date, such Event Determination Date 
is deemed by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer (a) to have occurred on a date that is 
different from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date, (b) 
not to have occurred, or (c) to have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, then: 
(I) 
in respect of the event specified at (b) only, where the Credit Linked Notes have not 
already been redeemed in full, the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be 
cancelled and the Credit Linked Notes shall continue in accordance with their terms as 
if the relevant Event Determination Date had not occurred; and 
(II) 
in respect of any of the events specified at (a), (b) or (c) above, the Calculation Agent 
will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine (A) the adjustment payment, if any, 
that is payable to Securityholders to reflect any change that may be necessary to the 
amount previously calculated and/or paid in respect of the relevant Series; and (B) the 
date on which such adjustment payment is payable, if any and thereafter notify the 
Issuer of such adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be 
taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment, 
and in the case of (c) above, subject to Credit Linked Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked 
Notes). 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 19 (Notices) of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events as soon as 
practicable thereafter without the consent of Securityholders being required to make the above 
adjustments. 
6. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, that: 
(I) 
one or more Reference Entities: 
(x) 
may be subject to a Credit Event; 
(y) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, if "Grace Period Extension" 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(z) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, if 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within an 
effective delivery period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurring;

--- Page 911 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
885 
 
(III) 
a CE Resolution Notice may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within an 
effective delivery period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurring; 
(IV) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any Relevant Credit Event or the 
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date in relation to any Physical Redemption, as 
applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including any final 
Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date, as applicable);  
(V) 
a Payment Failure Cut-Off Date in relation to a Payment/Delivery Failure Event may 
occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(VI) 
an RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, 
it shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer shall then notify the Securityholders 
and the Credit Linked Notes then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date but shall instead be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. 
If any amount is payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Credit Linked Note (including 
any interest payment) to which the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6 apply, such 
amount shall fall due on the Extended Maturity Date and shall be payable without any interest 
or other sum payable in respect of the postponement of the payment of such amount. 
7. 
Restructuring 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 7, the definition of "Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount" shall be construed in accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Successor Provisions) where apportionment of calculation amounts as a result 
of multiple successors being identified is to be applied. 
(a) 
Credit Event Notice after a Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of a Restructuring with respect to a Series for which either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies, the 
Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such Restructuring 
to the Issuer (who shall forward such notice(s) to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the 
Securityholders), each such Credit Event Notice specifying the amount of the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes to which such Credit Event Notice 
applies to which such Credit Event Notice applies, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
which may be less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes (such amounts specified in the Credit Event Notice, the "Exercise Amount"), 
PROVIDED THAT if (i) the Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount or (ii) 
the Credit Event Notice relates to any Credit Event other than a Restructuring, then, the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes immediately prior to the 
delivery of such Credit Event Notice, as determined by the Calculation Agent will be deemed 
to have been specified as the Exercise Amount. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, where 
a Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice has been delivered for an Exercise 
Amount that is less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes, as at the date immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice, the 
provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply to a principal amount of 
the Credit Linked Notes equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the relevant provisions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following partial exercise 
If a Credit Event Notice has been delivered in respect of a Restructuring that specifies an 
Exercise Amount that is less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes, then:

--- Page 912 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
886 
 
(i) 
the relevant provisions of Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes) relating to the redemption of Credit Linked Notes shall apply to the Exercise 
Amount, including for the purposes of calculating the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Amount or the Physical Redemption Assets to be Delivered to 
Securityholders, as applicable. In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent may 
adjust such provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions and/or applicable Issue Terms 
as it determines appropriate to take account of this Credit Linked Condition 7, 
including the basis of the calculation of any Credit Event Redemption Amount or the 
Physical Redemption Assets to be Delivered to Securityholders; 
(ii) 
following any payment of a relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or Delivery of 
the Physical Redemption Assets to Securityholders or any other determination made 
in respect of any Exercise Amount, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount shall 
(in all cases without double counting) be reduced by an amount equal to the Exercise 
Amount. The Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest (if applicable) shall accrue on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount as provided for in General Condition 4 
(Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the Calculation Agent may 
thereafter deliver one or more further Credit Event Notices in respect of such 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount to which the Credit Linked Conditions shall 
continue to apply; and 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may adjust the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions 
and/or the applicable Issue Terms in such manner as it may determine to be appropriate 
to account for such event. 
(c) 
Subsequent Credit Events 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a Credit Linked Note subject to multiple successor 
determinations, the fact that a Restructuring Credit Event has occurred in respect of a Reference 
Entity shall not preclude delivery of a Credit Event Notice in respect of any other Reference 
Entity. 
(d) 
Endorsement of Global Registered Note Certificate to reflect partial redemption 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 7 apply in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, 
on any redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note, the relevant Credit Linked Note or, 
if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, such Global 
Registered Note Certificate, shall be endorsed to reflect such part redemption on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date. 
(e) 
Exercise Amount 
The Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing a Restructuring must 
be (i) an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Settlement Currency (or, if Yen, 
100,000,000 units) or an integral multiple thereof; or (ii) the entire Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Exercise Amount must be an amount that is not greater than the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount. 
The Exercise Amount shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent. 
8. 
Auction Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Fallback Redemption 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension), if the Calculation Agent 
determines with respect to a Credit Event and any relevant CE Resolution Notice, Applicable 
Resolution and/or Applicable Auction, that: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date has occurred;

--- Page 913 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
887 
 
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred (and, in circumstances where such No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of "No 
Auction Announcement Date", the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement 
Option);  
(iii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred but the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not determined that one or more Auctions will be held 
in accordance with any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or, if applicable, 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms; 
(iv) 
ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved, following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, not to 
determine the matters described in the relevant CE Resolution Notice; or  
(v) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such 
Relevant Event Determination Date, or  
(vi) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph (b)(ii)(B) 
of the definition of "Event Determination Date", 
then, the Fallback Redemption Method shall apply and the Issuer shall redeem each Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 9 (Cash Redemption Terms) (if Cash 
Redemption is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method) or 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms) (if "Physical 
Redemption" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method). 
(b) 
Movement Option 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" applies and the Calculation Agent determines in respect of a Restructuring that a 
No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c) of the 
definition of "No Auction Announcement Date", the Calculation Agent may elect in its sole and 
absolute discretion to deliver a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer (who will 
then send a subsequent notice to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Securityholders) at 
any time on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. If a Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option is so delivered, then any redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be effected by the 
Issuer by payment of the relevant Auction Redemption Amount on the relevant Auction 
Redemption Date (or, if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, by payment of the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount on the Final Auction Redemption Date), as applicable, and any such 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be determined on the basis of the Auction Final 
Price determined by reference to the relevant Parallel Auction identified by the Calculation 
Agent in the Notice to Exercise Movement Option. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is 
delivered by the Calculation Agent, all references in these Credit Linked Conditions to 
"Applicable Auction", "Applicable Auction Settlement Terms", "Auction Cancellation Date" 
and "Auction Final Price Determination Date" shall be deemed to be references to the "Parallel 
Auction", "Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" and "Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" and 
the terms of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Delivery of Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
shall deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Issuer and the Issuer shall deliver 
the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no later than five Business Days 
following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Securityholders 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices).

--- Page 914 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
888 
 
9. 
Cash Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Determination of Final Price 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date and upon satisfaction of the 
Conditions to Settlement, on the Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent shall 
commence determination of the Final Price using the Valuation Obligation to be 
valued. 
(ii) 
If: 
(A) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of Quotations obtained with respect to the Valuation Obligation, such 
Quotations shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(B) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of Quotations obtained with respect to the Valuation Obligation, such 
Quotations shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(C) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Quotations obtained with respect 
to the Valuation Obligation, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on 
the then current market practice in the market of the Valuation Obligation 
whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest 
and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
(iii) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this specification or determination. 
(iv) 
If any Quotation obtained with respect to an Accreting Obligation is expressed as a 
percentage of the amount payable in respect of such obligation at maturity, such 
Quotation will instead be expressed as a percentage of the outstanding principal 
balance (as defined in the definition of "Physical Redemption Assets") for purposes of 
determining the Final Price. 
(b) 
Delivery of Cash Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, after obtaining 
all Quotations for a Valuation Date and determining the Final Price (such date of determination, 
the "Final Price Determination Date"), provide the Issuer with a Cash Redemption Amount 
Notice. The Issuer shall deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no 
later than five Business Days following the Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent 
shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to 
the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices). 
10. 
Physical Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension) and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, and unless previously redeemed 
in full or purchased and cancelled, if (a) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) Physical Redemption 
applies as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 8 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires that the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 10, following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date and upon satisfaction of the Conditions to 
Settlement, the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note, shall, subject to and 
in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 10, be redeemed by, in respect of each 
Securityholder: (i) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant Securityholder) of the Physical

--- Page 915 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
889 
 
Redemption Assets specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 10(b) (Physical Redemption Assets), and 
(ii) payment of the Partial Cash Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount (if applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms), pursuant to which the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the redemption of the Applicable Proportion of each 
Credit Linked Note shall be fully and effectively discharged. 
(ii) 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes that are only partially redeemed, the remaining 
portion of each Credit Linked Note which is not so redeemed shall be redeemed on the 
later of (i) the later to occur of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable, at the Maturity Redemption Amount, and (ii) where the 
Credit Linked Notes early redeem in full, the Early Termination Date, Optional 
Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
(iii) 
In order for the Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 10: 
(A) 
Upon receiving notification of the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event and 
a corresponding Notice of Physical Settlement from the Calculation Agent 
within thirty days from the Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall forward the relevant Credit Event Notice, the Notice of Physical 
Settlement and, if applicable, the Notice of Publicly Available Information to 
the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as practicable and, in any 
case, prior to the relevant Physical Redemption Date.  
(B) 
The Calculation Agent may, at any time, deliver to the Issuer a NOPS 
Amendment Notice stating that the Issuer would be replacing, in whole or in 
part, the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which such 
notice shall be sent to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices). 
(C) 
The relevant Securityholder shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (and where the 
relevant Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, to the Registrar), prior to 
3.00 p.m. (London) on the 10th Business Day following the date of effective 
delivery by the Fiscal Agent of the Notice of Physical Settlement to the 
Securityholders and, if relevant, any NOPS Amendment Notice, a duly 
completed notice in writing (a "Deliverable Obligation Notice"): 
(1) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global 
Registered Note Certificate, specifying the Series number of the 
Credit Linked Notes which is the subject of the Deliverable 
Obligation Notice; 
(2) 
including such details as are required for the transfer or assignment 
of the Physical Redemption Assets which may include, without 
limitation, (a) the name, address and/or details of the relevant 
Securityholder's (or the Securityholder's designee's) account at 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or DTC, as applicable (the 
"Relevant Clearing System"), to be debited with such Physical 
Redemption Assets and/or any bank, broker, agent or designee of the 
Securityholder to whom documents evidencing the transfer of 
Physical Redemption Assets to be delivered; and (b) irrevocably 
instructing and authorising the Relevant Clearing Systems to debit 
the relevant Securityholder's account to complete Delivery;

--- Page 916 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
890 
 
(3) 
specifying the name and details of the account to which the Partial 
Cash Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount 
(in each case, if any) is to be credited; 
(4) 
containing an acknowledgment that an amount equal to each Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of all Unwind Costs, Delivery 
Expenses or Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount (in each case, if 
any) shall be deducted from the outstanding principal balance or Due 
and Payable Amount; 
(5) 
certifying, either (i) in respect of Credit Linked Notes represented by 
a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial 
owner of each such Credit Linked Note is not a U.S. person (as 
defined in the Deliverable Obligation Notice), the Note is not being 
redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and 
no cash, notes or other property have been or will be delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person 
in connection with any redemption thereof; or (ii) in respect of Credit 
Linked Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each such Credit Linked 
Note is a Permitted QIB Purchaser; 
(6) 
authorising the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, as provided in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement; 
(7) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are in definitive form, including the 
definitive Credit Linked Notes; 
(8) 
providing a Euroclear screenshot of each Securityholder's holdings; 
and 
(9) 
containing a confirmation that the Credit Linked Notes will not be 
transferred until Delivery is completed, subject in any case to any 
transfer restrictions. 
(iv) 
Forms of the Deliverable Obligation Notice will be delivered to the Securityholders 
together with the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
(v) 
No Deliverable Obligation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the 
Relevant Clearing System, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, as provided above. After delivery of a Deliverable Obligation Notice (i) such 
relevant Securityholder or its designee (on its behalf), as applicable, shall be the only 
person entitled to delivery of its portion of the Physical Redemption Assets, and as 
such (ii) the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Credit Linked Notes which 
are the subject of such notice. 
(vi) 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Deliverable Obligation Notice may result in 
such notice being treated as null and void and deemed to not have been provided. Any 
determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed and delivered as 
provided in these Credit Linked Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent, on the Issuer's behalf, and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the relevant Securityholder. 
(vii) 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and payment of the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) in 
respect of each Securityholder shall be made by the Issuer in accordance with the 
details specified in the applicable Deliverable Obligation Notice.

--- Page 917 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
891 
 
(b) 
Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to this Credit Linked Condition 10(b), the Issuer may only Deliver the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Until the date on which the Physical Redemption Assets have been fully Delivered, the 
Issuer or any other person (including the Issuer's Affiliates) will continue to be the 
legal holder of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption 
Assets. None of the Issuer nor any such other person will (A) be under any obligation 
to deliver or procure delivery to any Securityholder or any other person any letter, 
certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment whatsoever received by 
the Issuer or that other person in its capacity as legal holder of such Deliverable 
Obligations, (B) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all 
rights (including voting rights) attaching to such Deliverable Obligations comprising 
the Physical Redemption Assets, (C) be under any liability to such Securityholder or 
any other person in respect of any loss or damage which such Securityholder or other 
person may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or 
any other person being the legal holder of such Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Physical Redemption Assets, or (D) have any liability whatsoever to any 
Securityholder or any other person if, as a result of a Payment/Delivery Failure Event 
or pursuant to any of Credit Linked Conditions 10(c) (Election to deliver alternative 
amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation) to 10(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) (both inclusive), it is unable to effect 
Delivery of any Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets 
and the obligations hereunder shall be satisfied by partial cash settlement or fallback 
cash redemption (if applicable) or shall cease, and be deemed to be fully discharged in 
accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that all or any part of the Physical Redemption 
Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a Securityholder is not a whole integral 
multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical Redemption Assets at 
the relevant time of Delivery, the Issuer will Deliver and such Securityholder will only 
be entitled to receive such portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the 
Issuer which is as large a size as possible (as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
after consideration of such smallest unit or units of transfer and application of rounding 
to such amount, whether upwards or downwards to the nearest unit of transfer, in its 
sole discretion). Any portion of the Physical Redemption Assets not so delivered shall 
be deemed to have a value of zero and the Issuer's obligations to the Securityholders 
in respect of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged. 
(c) 
Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Credit Linked Condition 10(a) (Delivery of 
Physical Redemption Assets), the Issuer may elect to Deliver to Securityholders Deliverable 
Obligations with an outstanding principal balance or a Due and Payable Amount, as applicable 
(or the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), that is (i) greater than, or (ii) less 
than, that which each Securityholder would otherwise have been entitled to receive by way of 
Physical Redemption Assets. 
If: 
(i) 
the Issuer exercises its election pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 10(c); or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Deliverable Obligations set out in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, cannot be 
Delivered due to an event (including, without limitation, any delay in settlement of any 
Applicable Auction) which results in the Issuer and/or its Affiliates not receiving the 
relevant Deliverable Obligations under its Hedging Positions (such obligations which 
cannot be Delivered, a "Hedge Disruption Obligation"),

--- Page 918 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
892 
 
the Issuer may attempt to continue to Deliver without prejudice to the provisions set out in 
Credit Linked Condition 10(a) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) and the Calculation 
Agent may (but is not obliged to) after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the 
trading price of any alternative Deliverable Obligation, provide notice to the Issuer (which shall 
be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to Securityholders) that alternative 
Deliverable Obligation(s) will be delivered in lieu of any other Deliverable Obligation specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, satisfying on 
the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date, each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms and otherwise satisfying the 
requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation and such instrument shall be deemed 
specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that 
it is deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date). 
If no Delivery has been completed on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash 
redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and 
Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be 
Delivered and the Issuer shall pay to each Securityholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata 
share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For 
such purpose, the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered (including the Hedge 
Disruption Obligations) shall constitute an "Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" for the 
purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms 
and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
(d) 
Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to 
Deliver, or due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer it is impossible or illegal for any 
Securityholder to accept Delivery of, any of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, on the Physical 
Redemption Date (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due 
to any law, regulation or court order, but excluding market conditions or the failure to obtain 
any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans), then on or before such date: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall Deliver and the Securityholder shall take Delivery of any of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take Delivery; 
and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall provide a description in reasonable detail of the facts giving 
rise to such impossibility or illegality and, as soon as practicable thereafter, the Issuer 
shall Deliver and the Securityholder shall take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, which were not delivered on the Delivery Date. 
The date on which the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which were not Delivered and are subsequently 
Delivered shall be the date on which the Issuer is deemed to have completed Delivery of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, relating to the Relevant Credit Event. 
If following the occurrence of any such impossibility or illegality, the amount of Deliverable 
Obligations that are to be Delivered as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, are not delivered to the Securityholders on or prior to 
the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then Cash Redemption in accordance with the 
partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms 
and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall apply with respect to the Deliverable Obligations 
that cannot be Delivered (the "Undeliverable Obligations").

--- Page 919 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
893 
 
(e) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, include Consent Required Loans that, due to the 
non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, 
capable of being assigned or novated to the Securityholder or its designee, as 
applicable, and such consents are not obtained or deemed given by the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
in the applicable Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant 
participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 
10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed 
to apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Consent Required Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the 
"Undeliverable Loan Obligations"). 
(f) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, include Assignable Loans that, due to the non-
receipt of any requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of 
being assigned or novated to the Securityholder or its designee, as applicable, and such 
consents are not obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
in the applicable Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant 
participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 
10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed 
to apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or last NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Assignable Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the "Unassignable 
Obligations"). 
(g) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Participations 
If the Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations and the relevant participation 
is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption 
pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to apply to the 
Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of Direct Loan 
Participations in respect of which the relevant participation is not effected (the "Undeliverable 
Participations").

--- Page 920 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
894 
 
(h) 
Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered 
(i) 
If the Issuer has not Delivered any Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that are Loans on 
or prior to the date that is five Business Days after the relevant Physical Redemption 
Date (the "Alternative Procedure Start Date"), Credit Linked Condition 10(h)(ii) 
shall apply unless (A) "Reference Obligations Only" has been specified as the 
Deliverable Obligation Category in the applicable Issue Terms, (B) in the case of a 
Consent Required Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in which case Credit 
Linked Condition 10(e) (Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans) shall 
apply), (C) in the case of an Assignable Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable 
Loans" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in which case 
Credit Linked Condition 10(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans)) shall 
apply), (D) in the case of a Direct Loan Participation, "Partial Cash Redemption of 
Participation" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in which 
case Credit Linked Condition 10(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of Participations) shall 
apply) or (E) in any case, such failure to Deliver is due to an event described in Credit 
Linked Condition 10(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) 
(in which case Credit Linked Condition 10(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to 
Impossibility or Illegality) shall apply). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer has failed to obtain the requisite consents to Deliver a Loan specified in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, at 
any time after the 15th Business Day following the Alternative Procedure Start Date, 
the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) Deliver, in lieu of all or part of such Loan and 
after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any 
alternative Deliverable Obligation, any, subject to "Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Conditionally Transferable Obligation", Bond that is Transferable and Not Bearer 
or Loan that is Assignable, and having on both the Physical Redemption Date and the 
Delivery Date each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (other than Consent 
Required Loan or Direct Loan Participation), if any, specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and otherwise satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation 
(and such instrument shall be deemed specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, PROVIDED THAT if the March 2012 
Supplement applies, such instrument shall be deemed specified in a NOPS Amendment 
Notice that is effective on the date immediately prior to the most recent Business Day 
preceding such Delivery and in which the Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount shall be the Outstanding Amount of the replaced Loan). In the 
event that the Deliverable Obligations or other Deliverable Obligations to be delivered 
in lieu of all or part of such Loan are not Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant 
to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Loans 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, or alternative Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and the Issuer shall pay Securityholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share 
of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For 
such purpose, the Deliverable Obligations not Delivered shall constitute "Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked 
Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms). 
(i) 
Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms 
The following terms apply for the purposes of the partial cash redemption terms referred to in 
Credit Linked Conditions 10(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) to 
10(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) and for the purposes of the

--- Page 921 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
895 
 
fallback cash redemption terms referred to in Credit Linked Condition 13(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver): 
(i) 
If Cash Redemption is deemed to apply pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition, the 
Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets 
corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (each an 
"Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation") the Partial Cash Redemption Amount on 
the Partial Cash Redemption Date, and in respect of the Physical Redemption Assets 
which cannot be delivered as described in Credit Linked Conditions 13(b) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver), 10(c) (Election to deliver 
alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation) or 10(h) 
(Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) (each, an "Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation"), the Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of the Physical 
Redemption Assets corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable Deliverable 
Obligations, the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption 
Date (each as determined in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 10(i)); 
(ii) 
"Partial Cash Redemption Amount" means an aggregate amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of all Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations, 
representing in respect of each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal 
to the greater of (A) (I) the outstanding principal balance, the Due and Payable Amount 
or the Currency Amount, as applicable, of such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, 
as the case may be, multiplied by (II) the Final Price with respect to such Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent (in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner), minus (III) Unwind Costs, if any (but 
excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the principal 
amount of the relevant Physical Redemption Assets to deliver) and (B) zero; 
(iii) 
"Partial Cash Redemption Date" and "Fallback Cash Redemption Date" means the 
date as selected by the Calculation Agent up to and including the date falling 
10 Business Days following the Final Price Determination Date; 
(iv) 
"Fallback Cash Redemption Amount" has the same meaning as set out in "Partial 
Cash Redemption Amount", PROVIDED THAT each reference therein to 
"Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation" shall be deemed to be a reference to 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligation"; 
(v) 
"Reference Obligation" means, in respect of the determination of the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount, each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation and in respect of the 
determination of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount, each Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation; 
(vi) 
"Valuation Date" means the date that is two Business Days after the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date; 
(vii) 
"Valuation Method" means Highest or, if fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained, Market Value; 
(viii) 
"Quotation Method" means Bid; 
(ix) 
"Quotation Amount" means, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the 
outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency which shall be converted by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates 
in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of 
such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as 
applicable, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent may in its discretion, acting in 
a commercially reasonable manner, round up or down the Quotation Amount for the 
purposes of seeking a Quotation;

--- Page 922 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
896 
 
(x) 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or 
if no such time is specified, the time specified by the Calculation Agent, which shall 
be as close as reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for 
transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation, as applicable, unless the Calculation Agent determines that the principal 
trading market for transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, would be closed at such time or 
such transactions are not being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at 
such time, in which event the Valuation Time shall be such other time as may be 
specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market is open; 
(xi) 
"Market Value" means, with respect to an Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or 
an Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, on a Valuation Date, (A) if more 
than three Full Quotations are obtained the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the same highest and lowest values (and, if 
more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest and lowest value, then one 
of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (B) if exactly three 
Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the 
highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have 
the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations 
shall be disregarded); (C) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic 
mean of such Full Quotations; (D) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained then, 
subject to sub-paragraph (B) of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount that the 
Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more 
Full Quotations are obtained; and (E) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained 
on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the 
Valuation Date, the Market Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full 
Quotation is obtained, the Market Value shall be determined as provided in limbs (B) 
to (D) of the definition of "Quotation" below; 
(xii) 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage with 
respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to 
each Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation 
Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the Valuation 
Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each 
Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant 
Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on 
the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the 
Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the Quotations shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(C) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with the specification or 
determination made pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition;  
(D) 
If any Quotation obtained with respect to an Accreting Obligation is 
expressed as a percentage of the amount payable in respect of such obligation 
at maturity, such Quotation will instead be expressed as a percentage of the 
outstanding principal balance (as defined in the definition of "Physical 
Redemption Assets") for purposes of determining the Final Price. 
(E) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market 
practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable

--- Page 923 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
897 
 
Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation, Unassignable Obligation or 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, whether such Quotations shall include 
or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
11. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Redemption Amount 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Effect of DC Resolutions), unless previously redeemed 
in full or purchased and cancelled, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, then following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date and upon satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement, the 
Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall redeem in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 9 (Cash Redemption Terms), PROVIDED THAT: 
(i) 
the Final Price shall be deemed to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage and 
the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
shall be determined using such Fixed Recovery Percentage, as further set out in the 
definitions of "Cash Redemption Amount" and "Final Cash Redemption Amount" in 
Credit Linked Condition 21 (Definitions); 
(ii) 
the "Final Price Determination Date" shall be the date on which the Final Price is 
deemed to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage; and 
(iii) 
Single Valuation Date will be deemed to have been specified as the applicable 
Valuation Date on which the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, shall be determined. 
(b) 
Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the occurrence of the relevant Cash Redemption Date or Final Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount will be deemed to be 100 per 
cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. 
The Securityholders will bear the loss of their principal with respect to such proportion of the 
Credit Linked Notes impacted by the Credit Event and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
12. 
Redemption upon Merger Event 
If "Redemption following Merger" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in the event that the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices) and 
redeem each Credit Linked Note in full or in part on the Early Termination Date at the Merger 
Redemption Amount (PROVIDED THAT if nothing is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
"Redemption following Merger" shall apply). 
13. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event 
This Credit Linked Condition shall not apply where a RMB Disruption Event has occurred (in 
which case, General Condition 8(j) (Occurrence of a RMB Disruption Event) shall apply). 
(a) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (a) of such definition has 
occurred and exists, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13(c) (No additional interest) below, 
the obligation of the Issuer to pay the relevant amount will be postponed until such time that the 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event no longer exists or is cured (including, without limitation, 
where the Securityholder requests the Issuer in writing to make payment of such amount to such

--- Page 924 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
898 
 
other account or to such other person as the Securityholder specifies and represents to the Issuer 
that such payment to its designee will discharge the Issuer's obligations to the Securityholder in 
respect of such payment). Where such postponement applies, the Issuer shall give notice of such 
postponement to the Securityholders ("Payment Failure Event Notice") as soon as reasonably 
practicable in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if the Issuer 
determines (in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) that such 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist for such number of Business Days specified 
in the Issue Terms or, if no number of Business Days is specified in the Issue Terms, 90 Business 
Days following the later to occur of (a) any scheduled payment date or the (b) Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable (the "Payment Failure Cut-Off Date") 
in respect of an amount required to be paid (including where the Securityholder has not elected 
for payment to be made to a third party or other account (if applicable) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 13(c) (No additional interest) below, no such payment will be made by the 
Issuer and the Issuer's obligations to the Securityholder hereunder will be deemed to be fully 
discharged as of that date. 
(b) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (b) of such definition has 
occurred, the obligations of the Issuer to procure Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets 
to such Securityholder shall, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 10(a) (Delivery of Physical 
Redemption Assets) and 14(d) (Redemption Suspension) cease and if "Fallback Cash 
Redemption" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with 
respect to the Physical Redemption Assets that cannot be Delivered on or prior to the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date and the Issuer shall pay each Securityholder each Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Physical Redemption Assets shall constitute an 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes of application of Credit Linked 
Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
If "Fallback Cash Redemption" is not specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms and if 
such Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist on the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer shall have no further liability or obligation whatsoever in respect of 
such Credit Linked Note and no obligation to deliver the Physical Redemption Assets on or after 
the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. However, if the Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event ceases to exist or is cured prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the 
obligation of the Issuer to Deliver the Physical Redemption Assets will be postponed to a date 
determined by the Issuer to be no later than 10 Business Days following the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date (the "Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date"). 
(c) 
No additional interest 
Any postponement or deemed discharge of payment pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 
13 will not constitute a default hereunder (including for the purpose of the definition of "Events 
of Default") and will not entitle the relevant Securityholder to any additional interest or other 
payment as a result thereof. 
14. 
Effect of DC Resolutions 
(a) 
Binding nature 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
binding with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Notes in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions.

--- Page 925 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
899 
 
(b) 
Event Determination Dates 
(i) 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
A Relevant Event Determination Date which is determined by the Calculation Agent 
to apply to the Credit Linked Notes will be binding with respect to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Reversal of DC Credit Event Announcement 
If a prior DC Resolution or the occurrence of an Event Determination Date is 
subsequently reversed prior to the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date, a 
Physical Redemption Date, redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in full, a Valuation 
Date or a Delivery Date, a Credit Event shall be deemed not to have occurred with 
respect to the relevant Reference Entity for the purposes of these Credit Linked 
Conditions.  
(iii) 
Multiple successor determinations 
Where multiple successors have been determined in respect of a Reference Entity in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions), an Event 
Determination Date may occur in respect of each successor Reference Entity. 
(c) 
Determinations in respect of Successors and Substitute Reference Obligations 
If a DC Resolution relating to Successors or Substitute Reference Obligations is subsequently 
reversed after the identification of a Successor or a Substitute Reference Obligation by the 
Calculation Agent, such prior DC Resolution shall be disregarded for the purposes of these 
Credit Linked Conditions. 
(d) 
Redemption Suspension 
If, following the determination of a Relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date, Delivery Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date in 
respect of a Reference Entity, ISDA publicly announces that the conditions to convening a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in the relevant 
CE Resolution Notice are satisfied in accordance with the Rules, all timing requirements in 
these Credit Linked Conditions that pertain to redemption shall toll and remain suspended until 
such time as ISDA subsequently publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved (a) the matters described in such CE Resolution Notice 
or (b) not to determine such matters. During such suspension period, the Issuer is not obliged to 
take any action in connection with the settlement of such Credit Event or the redemption, if any, 
of the Credit Linked Notes. Once ISDA has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (a) the matters described in the CE 
Resolution Notice or (b) not to determine such matters, the relevant timing requirements that 
pertain to redemption that have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the 
Business Day following such public announcement by ISDA with the Issuer having the benefit 
of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. The Issuer shall deliver, 
or cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, a notice (a "Redemption Suspension Notice") in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices) to the Securityholders giving notice of 
any suspension of timing requirements pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 14. 
15. 
Successor Provisions 
(a) 
Successor Determinations 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable 
after it becomes aware of the relevant Succession Event (but no earlier than 14 calendar days 
after the legally effective date of such Succession Event), and with effect from the legally 
effective date of the Succession Event, whether the relevant thresholds set forth in the definition 
of "Successor" have been met, or which entity qualifies as a Successor pursuant to paragraph

--- Page 926 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
900 
 
(f) of the definition thereof, as applicable, PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent will not 
make such determination if, at such time, either: 
(i) 
ISDA has publicly announced that the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in the definition of 
"Successor" and paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of "Succession Event 
Resolution Request Date" are satisfied in accordance with the Rules (until such time, 
if any, as ISDA subsequently publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine a Successor); or  
(ii) 
ISDA has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that no event constituting a Succession Event for the purposes 
of the Credit Linked Conditions has occurred.  
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether the relevant thresholds set forth in the 
definition of "Successor" have been met, or which entity qualifies as a Successor pursuant to 
paragraph (f) of the definition thereof, as applicable, the Calculation Agent shall use, with 
respect to each applicable Relevant Obligation included in such calculation, the amount of the 
liability with respect to such Relevant Obligation listed in the Best Available Information and 
shall notify the Issuer and Fiscal Agent of such calculation. 
(b) 
Substitute Reference Obligations following a Succession Event 
Where a Reference Obligation has been specified, one or more Successors to the Reference 
Entity have been identified and any one or more such Successors have not assumed the 
Reference Obligation, a Substitute Reference Obligation will be determined in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 17 (Substitute Reference Obligation). 
(c) 
Transaction Types of Successor Reference Entities 
If the Transaction Type applicable to a Successor differs from the Transaction Type of the 
Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has been identified, notwithstanding such 
difference, the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has 
been identified shall continue to apply to the Successor. 
(d) 
Single Successor 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that there is a single Successor in respect of a 
Reference Entity, such Successor shall be a Reference Entity for the purpose of the Notes (and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has been 
identified shall cease to be a Reference Entity unless it has also been identified as a Successor). 
(e) 
Multiple Successors 
(i) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes and following a 
Succession Event in respect of a Reference Entity (such Reference Entity affected by 
a succession being a "Single Name Succession Reference Entity"), more than one 
Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes will be amended without the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the 
following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion 
any outstanding nominal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in 
relation to each Successor: 
(A) 
the Single Name Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Single Name Successor 
Entity") and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Event Determination Date 
(and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Credit Event) may occur in respect

--- Page 927 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
901 
 
of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes but, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 7 (Restructuring), once only in relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Single Name Successor Entity: 
(1) 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but 
instead the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions 
shall be deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such 
Single Name Successor Entity only after the apportionment 
described above (the "Single Name Partial Nominal Amount"); 
(2) 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed 
in part in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3(f)(i) (Auction 
Redemption), 3(f)(ii) (Cash Redemption), 3(f)(iii) (Physical 
Redemption) or 3(f)(iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable 
(such redeemed part being equal to a Securityholder's pro rata share 
of the Single Name Partial Nominal Amount (PROVIDED THAT if 
"Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall 
occur only on the Final Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable)); and 
(3) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of a Restructuring). 
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with 
these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the 
identification of more than one Successor, considered in the aggregate); 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 15(e)(i) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(f) 
Exchange Offer 
The determinations required pursuant to the definition of "Successor" shall be made, in the case 
of an exchange offer, on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations 
tendered and accepted in the exchange and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance 
of Bonds for which the Relevant Obligations have been exchanged. 
(g) 
Sovereign 
With respect to a Sovereign Reference Entity, "Successor" means each entity which becomes a 
direct or indirect successor to such Reference Entity by way of Succession Event, irrespective 
of whether any such successor assumes any of the obligations of such Reference Entity. Where 
the March 2012 Supplement applies, notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that "Revenue 
Obligation Liability" is specified as an Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, "Successor" shall mean an entity or public official that (i) succeeds to the 
principal functions of, or powers and duties granted to, the Reference Entity with respect to the

--- Page 928 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
902 
 
project, program or other enterprise from which revenues are derived for the payment, in whole 
or in part, of the Reference Obligation, and (ii) assumes the Reference Obligation. 
16. 
Deliverable Obligations 
(a) 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
If (i) each of "Physical Redemption" and "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies and (ii) "Restructuring is the only Credit Event 
specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by the Calculation Agent, then, a Deliverable 
Obligation may be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date 
not later than the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. 
(b) 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
(i) 
If (A) each of "Physical Redemption" and "Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies and (B) 
Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by 
Issuer, then a Deliverable Obligation may be specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, if it (x) is a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation and (y) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. 
(ii) 
Where each of "Physical Redemption" and "Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" applies and a Deliverable 
Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, if applicable) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation with respect to which 
consent is required to novate, assign or transfer, then if the requisite consent is refused 
(whether or not a reason is given for such refusal and, where a reason is given for such 
refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not received by the Physical Redemption Date 
(in which case it shall be deemed to have been refused), the Calculation Agent shall 
inform the Issuer. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent (for onward 
notification to the Securityholder) of such refusal (or deemed refusal). If a 
Securityholder (x) does not designate a third party; (y) designates a third party in 
circumstances where it will be illegal due to any applicable law or regulation for the 
designee to take Delivery or such Delivery would give rise to any tax or any loss or 
cost to the Issuer; or (z) a Securityholder does not take Delivery on or prior to the 
Physical Redemption Date, then Credit Linked Condition 10(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) may be applied by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
If "Multiple Holder Obligation" applies, then none of the events described in sub-paragraphs (a) 
to (e) of the definition of "Restructuring" shall constitute a Restructuring unless the Obligation 
is a Multiple Holder Obligation, where "Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation 
that (A) at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more 
than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (B) with respect to which a percentage 
of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such 
event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which 
constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event (PROVIDED THAT sub-paragraph (B) shall be 
deemed to be satisfied where the Obligation is a Bond). 
17. 
Substitute Reference Obligation 
(a) 
Substitution events 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole (or, where the March 2012 Supplement 
applies, a Reference Obligation is redeemed or defeased in whole in accordance with 
its terms);

--- Page 929 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
903 
 
(ii) 
the aggregate amounts due under any Reference Obligation have been materially 
reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any scheduled redemption, 
amortization or prepayments); 
(iii) 
any Reference Obligation is an Underlying Obligation with a Qualifying Guarantee of 
a Reference Entity and, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, 
the Qualifying Guarantee is no longer a valid and binding obligation of such Reference 
Entity enforceable in accordance with its terms; or 
(iv) 
for any other reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, 
any Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of a Reference Entity, 
the Calculation Agent may identify one or more Obligations to replace such Reference 
Obligation. 
(b) 
Eligible substitution 
Any Substitute Reference Obligation(s) shall be an Obligation that: 
(i) 
ranks pari passu in priority of payment with the ranking in priority of payment of each 
of the Substitute Reference Obligation and such Reference Obligation (with the 
ranking in priority of payment of such Reference Obligation being determined as of 
the date as of which such Reference Obligation was issued or incurred and not 
reflecting any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date) (or, where 
the March 2012 Supplement applies, satisfies the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic); 
(ii) 
preserves the economic equivalent, as closely as practicable as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer;  
(iii) 
is an obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Qualifying 
Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as provider of a Qualifying Guarantee); and 
(iv) 
where the March 2012 Supplement applies, is a Full Faith and Credit Obligation 
Liability (if Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability is specified as an Obligation 
Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms), is a General Fund Obligation Liability 
(if General Fund Obligation Liability is specified as an Obligation Characteristic in the 
applicable Issue Terms), or is a Revenue Obligation Liability (if Revenue Obligation 
Liability is specified as an Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms). 
The Substitute Reference Obligation(s) determined by the Calculation Agent shall, without 
further action, replace such Reference Obligation(s). 
(c) 
Process of substitution 
(i) 
If more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation 
in the applicable Issue Terms, any of the events specified in Credit Linked Condition 
17(a) (Substitution events) has occurred with respect to one or more but not all of the 
Reference Obligations, and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available for one or more of such Reference Obligations, then 
each Reference Obligation for which no Substitute Reference Obligation is available 
will cease to be a Reference Obligation.  
(ii) 
If more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation 
in the applicable Issue Terms, any of the events specified in Credit Linked Condition 
17(a) (Substitution events) has occurred with respect to all of the Reference 
Obligations, and the Calculation Agent determines that at least one Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available for any such Reference Obligation, then each such 
Reference Obligation shall be replaced by a Substitute Reference Obligation and each 
Reference Obligation for which no Substitute Reference Obligation is available will 
cease to be a Reference Obligation.

--- Page 930 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
904 
 
(iii) 
For the purposes of the identification of a Reference Obligation, any change in the 
Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in 
and of itself, convert such Reference Obligation into a different Obligation. 
(d) 
Redemption following no substitution 
(i) 
If any of the events specified in Credit Linked Condition 17(a) (Substitution events) 
has occurred with respect to each specific Reference Obligation(s) identified as a 
Reference Obligation in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Calculation Agent 
determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for any of the 
Reference Obligations, then the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify 
a Substitute Reference Obligation until the Extension Date. 
(ii) 
If (A) either "Cash Redemption" applies and the Cash Redemption Amount is 
determined by reference to a Reference Obligation or either "Auction Redemption" or 
"Physical Redemption" applies and in each case the Reference Obligation is the only 
Deliverable Obligation and (B) on or prior to the Extension Date (determined by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in 
the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)), a Substitute Reference Obligation has not 
been identified, the Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed in full or in part at the 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount. The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal 
Agent to deliver, a notice in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices) to 
the Securityholders stating the occurrence of such substitution event and setting out 
the date on which the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in full or in part, which 
shall be a date not earlier than the relevant Substitution Event Date. 
18. 
Calculation Agent Determination 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(i) 
determining a Successor or Successors and making any other determinations required 
to be made under Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions); 
(ii) 
determining whether (A) the aggregate amounts due under any Reference Obligation 
have been materially reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any 
scheduled redemption, amortisation or prepayments), (B) any Reference Obligation is 
an Underlying Obligation with a Qualifying Guarantee of a Reference Entity and, other 
than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Qualifying Guarantee is 
no longer a valid and binding Obligation of such Reference Entity enforceable in 
accordance with its terms, or (C) for any reason other than as described in (A) or (B) 
above and other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, any 
Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
identifying and determining a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
(iv) 
in the event that multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to a Restructuring Credit 
Event are delivered pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 7 (Restructuring), making any 
modifications required pursuant to that Credit Linked Condition; 
(v) 
following the occurrence of a Restructuring, determining the Exercise Amount of 
Credit Linked Notes to which such Restructuring applies; 
(vi) 
obtaining Quotations (and, if necessary, determining whether such Quotations shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest) and determining the Final Price in 
accordance with the applicable Valuation Method; 
(vii) 
converting the Quotation Amount into the relevant Obligation Currency; 
(viii) 
determining the Quotation Dealers (where none have been specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) and substituting Quotation Dealers;

--- Page 931 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
905 
 
(ix) 
determining the Currency Rate; 
(x) 
determining the number of Business Days in each Physical Settlement Period; 
(xi) 
determining the outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable Amount of the 
Deliverable Obligations to be included in the Physical Redemption Assets; 
(xii) 
determining the Accreted Amount of any Accreting Obligation; 
(xiii) 
determining any adjustment payment pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 5 (Event 
Determination Dates and Adjustment Payments);  
(xiv) 
determining whether the outstanding principal balance of the Valuation Obligation 
shall include or exclude accrued interest and if "Include Accrued Interest" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms with respect to Deliverable Obligations, determining 
accrued but unpaid interest;  
(xv) 
determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred; and 
(xvi) 
interpreting any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms). 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after making any of the determinations 
specified in Credit Linked Condition 18(a)(i) to (xvi) notify the Issuer of such determination. 
(c) 
If any of the matters set out in this Credit Linked Condition 18 are decided and/or determined 
by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the Calculation Agent may follow such 
decision or determination to the extent such decision and/or determination is applicable to any 
Credit Linked Notes. In certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent shall be required to follow 
the decisions or determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or 
determinations made by the Calculation Agent may be overridden by subsequent determinations 
made by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the consent of the 
Securityholders, amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions and the applicable 
Issue Terms in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is necessary or desirable (i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or 
alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect to the 
documentation or redemption of Credit Linked Notes and/or (y) the operation or application of 
determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to account for 
market practice to be reflected in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any amendment made 
in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 18 shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices required to be delivered 
The Issuer shall deliver, or may cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, notice to the Securityholders 
of the following, in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 19, to the extent required to 
be delivered pursuant to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information; 
(ii) 
a Notice of Physical Settlement and, if applicable, any NOPS Amendment Notice; 
(iii) 
a Successor Notice (PROVIDED THAT no Successor Notice shall be required 
following a determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that a 
Successor has been identified); 
(iv) 
the designation of any Substitute Reference Obligation (PROVIDED THAT (A) no 
such notice shall be required following a determination by a Credit Derivatives

--- Page 932 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
906 
 
Determinations Committee of a Substitute Reference Obligation has occurred and (B) 
that the failure of the Issuer to deliver a notice to the Securityholders pursuant to this 
Credit Linked Condition 19 shall not affect the effectiveness of any designation of such 
Substitute Reference Obligation by the Calculation Agent (such designation to be in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions)); 
(v) 
a notice detailing the suspension of payment of interest pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes); 
(vi) 
a notice detailing any adjustment payments required to be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 5 (Event Determination Dates and Adjustment Payments); 
(vii) 
following the determination of the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject to 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 9 (Cash Redemption Terms), the Cash 
Redemption Amount Notice; 
(viii) 
following the determination of the Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject to 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 8 (Auction Redemption Terms), the Auction 
Redemption Amount Notice; 
(ix) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice; 
(x) 
a Redemption Suspension Notice; or 
(xi) 
a Payment Failure Event Notice. 
(b) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
(i) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 19, any notice required to be delivered 
by the Issuer to Securityholders in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions 
shall be deemed to have been delivered to Securityholders upon delivery of such notice 
to the Fiscal Agent by the Issuer (upon receipt of such notice from the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable). The failure of the Fiscal Agent to deliver any such notice to 
Securityholders shall not affect (x) the effectiveness of any notice delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and/or by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, (y) the 
effectiveness of any determinations made by any of them or (iii) the right of the Issuer 
to redeem (in whole or in part) the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in accordance 
with the relevant Credit Linked Condition. In addition, the failure of the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent to deliver any notice or any decision by any of 
them to not deliver a Credit Event Notice shall not constitute an Event of Default under 
the Credit Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 19, a notice delivered by the Issuer to 
the Fiscal Agent on or prior to 3.00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business Day will 
be effective on such Issuer Business Day. A notice delivered after 3.00 p.m. (London 
time) on an Issuer Business Day will be deemed effective on the next following Issuer 
Business Day, regardless of the form in which it is delivered. 
(iii) 
Other than as specified herein, Clauses 23 (Communications) and 24 (Notices) of the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement shall apply to any relevant communications and notices 
delivered in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions. 
20. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
(a) 
If the Obligation Characteristic "Listed" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
applicable Issue Terms shall be construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had 
been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds and shall only be 
relevant if Bonds are covered by the selected Obligation Category;

--- Page 933 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
907 
 
(b) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Bearer" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be construed as though such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds and shall only be relevant if Bonds are covered by the 
selected Deliverable Obligation Category; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
"Transferable" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, such Issue Terms shall be construed 
as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans (and 
shall only be relevant to the extent that obligations other than Loans are covered by the selected 
Deliverable Obligation Category); or (iii) any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
"Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, such Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only 
with respect to Loans and shall only be relevant if Loans are covered by the selected Deliverable 
Obligation Category; and 
(c) 
If any of "Payment", "Borrowed Money", Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as the Deliverable 
Obligation Category and more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and 
"Direct Loan Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one 
of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
(d) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Qualifying Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same 
category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Qualifying Guarantee and the Underlying 
Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified 
Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic 
Law". For these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(A) the lawful currency of any of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or 
the United States of America or the euro shall not be a Domestic Currency and (B) the 
laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not be a Domestic Law. 
(iii) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms from the following list: 
"Listed", "Not Contingent", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", 
"Accelerated" or "Matured" and "Not Bearer";  
(iv) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor; and 
(v) 
the terms "outstanding principal balance" and "Due and Payable Amount", when used 
in connection with Qualifying Guarantees are to be interpreted to be the then 
"outstanding principal balance" or "Due and Payable Amount", as applicable, of the 
Underlying Obligation which is supported by a Qualifying Guarantee.

--- Page 934 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
908 
 
21. 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Credit Linked Notes should be read in conjunction 
with the Credit Linked Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Credit Linked 
Conditions, they will have the meaning given to them elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions. 
"2005 Matrix Supplement" means the 2005 Matrix Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA on 7 March 2005. 
"Accreted Amount" means, with respect to an Accreting Obligation, an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the sum of (i) the original issue price of such obligation and (ii) the portion of the 
amount payable at maturity that has accreted in accordance with the terms of the 
obligation (or as otherwise described below); less 
(b) 
any cash payments made by the obligor thereunder that, under the terms of such 
obligation, reduce the amount payable at maturity (unless such cash payments have 
been accounted for in paragraph (a)(ii) above), 
in each case calculated as of the earlier of (x) the date on which any event occurs that has the 
effect of fixing the amount of a claim in respect of principal and (y) the Delivery Date or 
applicable Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
Such Accreted Amount shall include any accrued and unpaid periodic cash interest payments 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) only if "Include Accrued Interest" applies. 
If an Accreting Obligation is expressed to accrete pursuant to a straight-line method or if such 
Obligation's yield to maturity is not specified in, nor implied from, the terms of such Obligation 
(or, where the March 2012 Supplement applies, if the terms of such Obligation do not express 
any method of accretion), then, for purposes of paragraph (a)(ii) above, the Accreted Amount 
shall be calculated using a rate equal to the yield to maturity of such Obligation. Such yield shall 
be determined on a semi-annual bond equivalent basis using the original issue price of such 
obligation and the amount payable at the scheduled maturity of such obligation, and shall be 
determined as of the earlier of (x) the date on which any event occurs that has the effect of fixing 
the amount of a claim in respect of principal and (y) the Delivery Date or applicable Valuation 
Date, as the case may be. The Accreted Amount shall exclude, in the case of an Exchangeable 
Obligation, any amount that may be payable under the terms of such obligation in respect of the 
value of the Equity Securities for which such obligation is exchangeable. 
"Accreting Obligation" means any obligation (including, without limitation, a Convertible 
Obligation or an Exchangeable Obligation), the terms of which expressly provide for an amount 
payable upon acceleration equal to the original issue price (whether or not equal to the face 
amount thereof) plus an additional amount or amounts (on account of original issue discount or 
other accruals of interest or principal not payable on a periodic basis) that will or may accrete, 
whether or not (a) payment of such additional amounts is subject to a contingency or determined 
by reference to a formula or index, or (b) periodic cash interest is also payable, PROVIDED 
THAT where the March 2012 Supplement applies, "Accreting Obligation" means any obligation 
with an original issue price that is less than 95 per cent.. 
"Alternative Procedure Start Date" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 10(h)(i) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered). 
"Applicable Auction" means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to 
a Relevant Credit Event with respect to a relevant Reference Entity where the Deliverable 
Obligations set out on the Final List or the Deliverable Obligation Terms meet the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may 
take into account without limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and 
Reference Entity, whether the Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the 
seniority of the transactions covered by such auction, whether a representative credit derivative 
transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the Credit Linked 
Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event Determination Date" 
were deemed to occur), if the Auction relates to a Restructuring, whether the designated ranges

--- Page 935 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
909 
 
of scheduled termination dates covered by the auction would cover such representative credit 
derivative transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Note and any connected DC 
Resolution and/or statement associated with such announcement. and (b) any Hedging Positions 
the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may 
impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked 
Notes).  
"Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity, a Credit Event and an Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms (if any) which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without 
limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the 
Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the seniority of the transactions covered 
by such auction, the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List, whether a representative 
credit derivative transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the 
Credit Linked Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event 
Determination Date" were deemed to occur), whether the Deliverable Obligation Terms meet 
the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes and, if the Auction relates to 
a Restructuring, whether the designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered by the 
auction would cover such representative credit derivative transaction with the same tenor as the 
Credit Linked Notes and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with such 
auction settlement terms) and (b) any Hedging Positions that the Issuer has entered or may enter 
into in connection with the Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or 
calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
practicable after the relevant Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are 
published, notify the Issuer that Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms have 
been published with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event. 
Copies of the Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are made available by 
ISDA at its website (www.isda.org) or any successor website). 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement" means a DC Credit Event Announcement 
which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which 
purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the applicable Credit Event, 
Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to interpretation 
under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation resulting in a credit 
event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question and any connected 
DC Resolution (including in respect of the determination of a Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date) and/or statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that 
the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement" means a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes 
(for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) 
applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation 
resulting in a credit event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in 
question and any connected DC Resolutions and/or statements associated with such 
announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in 
connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any 
determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable Proportion" means (subject to the relevant provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Successor Provisions)), in respect of a Relevant Credit Event and a Single Name 
Credit Linked Note, the product of: 
(a) 
the Specified Denomination of each Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
(b) 
if the Relevant Credit Event: 
(i) 
is not a Restructuring, 100 per cent.; or

--- Page 936 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
910 
 
(ii) 
is a Restructuring, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the 
Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the 
relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, divided by (y) the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Applicable Resolution" means a DC Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable 
question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of 
the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, 
the reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement 
associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity and a Credit Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
which the Calculation Agent determines constitute Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Auction" means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event, 
unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, an auction 
pursuant to which an Auction Final Price is to be determined in accordance with the auction 
procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on which such Auction 
was deemed to have been cancelled as announced by ISDA (and/or the administrators specified 
in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) on its website or such other date 
as determined and announced in accordance with the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms.  
"Auction Final Price" means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price (expressed as a 
percentage) in respect of the deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s) under the Credit Linked Notes. The Auction 
Final Price with respect to a Reference Entity and a related Credit Event can be obtained at the 
auction 
administrator's 
website 
at 
http://www.creditfixings.com/CreditEventAuctions/fixings.jsp or any successor website. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the 
day, if any, on which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other date as specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(B) 
the Auction Final Price; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.

--- Page 937 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
911 
 
"Auction Redemption Amount Notice" means a notice in writing specifying the Auction 
Redemption Amount relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final Auction 
Redemption Amount, including the Auction Final Price and the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Auction Redemption Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business 
Days) following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
to the Fiscal Agent. 
"Bankruptcy" means a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts 
as they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 
30 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for 
all or substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within 30 calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs 
(a) to (g) of this definition. 
"Best Available Information" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which files information with its primary securities 
regulator or primary stock exchange that includes unconsolidated, pro forma financial 
information which assumes that the relevant Succession Event has occurred or which 
provides such information to its shareholders, creditors or other persons whose 
approval of the Succession Event is required, that unconsolidated, pro forma financial 
information and, if provided subsequently to the provision of unconsolidated, pro 
forma financial information but before the Calculation Agent makes its determination 
for the purposes of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions), other relevant 
information that is contained in any written communication provided by the Reference 
Entity to its primary securities regulator, primary stock exchange, shareholders, 
creditors or other persons whose approval of the Succession Event is required; or

--- Page 938 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
912 
 
(b) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which does not file with its primary securities 
regulators or primary stock exchange, and which does not provide to shareholders, 
creditors or other persons whose approval of the Succession Event is required, the 
information contemplated in paragraph (a) above, the best publicly available 
information at the disposal of the Calculation Agent to allow it to make a determination 
for the purposes of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions). 
Information which is made available more than 14 calendar days after the legally effective date 
of the Succession Event shall not constitute Best Available Information. 
"Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(B) 
(I) the Final Price or (II) where "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is 
applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Cash Redemption Amount Notice" means a notice in writing specifying the Cash 
Redemption Amount relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final Cash 
Redemption Amount, including the Final Price and Unwind Costs, if any, together with (i) the 
Valuation Obligation(s) which were the subject of the Quotation, (ii) the Valuation Date, (iii) 
the Quotation Amount, (iv) each such Quotation that it received in connection with the 
calculation of the Final Price and (v) a written computation showing such calculation. 
"Cash Redemption Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business 
Days) following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to 
the Fiscal Agent.  
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation 
other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent 
of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing 
such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer, 
so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment 
or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, administrative agent, clearing 
agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement 
for consent for the purposes of this definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation". For 
purposes of determining whether a Deliverable Obligation satisfies the requirements of this 
definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation", such determination shall be made as of 
the Delivery Date for the Deliverable Obligation, taking into account only the terms of the 
Deliverable Obligation and any related transfer or consent documents which have been obtained 
by the Issuer. 
The "Conditions to Settlement" shall be deemed to be satisfied by the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date to the extent that such Event Determination Date is not subsequently 
reversed prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, a Physical 
Redemption Date (or, if earlier, a Delivery Date) or the Extended Maturity Date, unless

--- Page 939 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
913 
 
"Physical Redemption" applies, in which case all of the Conditions to Settlement shall be 
deemed to be satisfied by the Notice of Physical Settlement Condition to Settlement on or 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date. 
"Convertible Obligation" means any obligation that is convertible, in whole or in part, into 
Equity Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or a trustee or similar agent 
acting for the benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent thereof, whether 
the cash settlement option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such 
obligation). 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms published by ISDA, in accordance with the Rules, a form of which will be 
published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time 
to time and may be amended from time to time in accordance with the Rules. The Calculation 
Agent shall be authorised to construe any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
(including any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms) in 
such manner as it shall determine in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
to be necessary in order to give effect to the meaning of any word or expression used herein 
which is defined by reference to such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA and as supplemented by the 2005 Matrix Supplement, the March 2009 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and the July 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees, Auction Settlement and Restricting Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" means the committees established by 
ISDA for the purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions, as more fully described in the Rules. 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following Credit Events as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation 
Default, Repudiation/Moratorium or Restructuring. If an occurrence would otherwise constitute 
a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such occurrence 
arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant Reference Entity to 
enter into any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any 
Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with 
respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however 
described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be the Trade Date, the Issue Date or a number of days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or, with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition thereof), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days 
prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or

--- Page 940 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
914 
 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the first date on which both the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, the 
Notice of Publicly Available Information are delivered by a notifying party 
to the other party and are effective during the Notice Delivery Period; and  
(ii) 
in circumstances where (A) the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in the CE 
Resolution Notice are satisfied in accordance with the Rules, (B) the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine 
such matters and (C) the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, the Notice of 
Publicly Available Information are delivered by a notifying party to the other 
party and are effective not more than 14 calendar days after the day on which 
ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine such matters, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Securityholders, which the Calculation Agent 
has the right (but not the obligation) to deliver, which: 
(a) 
identifies the Series of Credit Linked Notes to which the Credit Event Notice relates; 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent's intention for the Issuer to redeem the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes by the Applicable Proportion thereof, in accordance with the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Method and the applicable Fallback Redemption Method; 
and 
(c) 
describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date 
(determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the 
relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are 
defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)) and on or prior to the Extension 
Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type 
of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms 
are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)). 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Relevant Credit Event has occurred. The Relevant Credit Event that is the 
subject of the Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice 
is effective. 
"Credit Event Redemption Amount" means the Auction Redemption Amount or the Cash 
Redemption Amount. 
"Credit Event Redemption Date" means, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
(a) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the Auction Redemption Date or 
the Cash Redemption Date; 
(b) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date or the 
Final Cash Redemption Date; or 
(c) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, the Physical Redemption Date. 
"Credit Event Redemption Method" means, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 941 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
915 
 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a CE Resolution Notice, the 
date, as publicly announced by ISDA, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the first date on which such CE Resolution Notice was effective and 
on which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession, in 
accordance with the Rules, of Publicly Available Information with respect to the DC 
Resolutions referred to in such CE Resolution Notice. 
"Credit Linked Note" means a Single Name Credit Linked Note. 
"Credit Payment on Maturity Amount" means, on any day, if "Credit Payment on Maturity" 
applies, the aggregate of all Cash Redemption Amounts calculated on such day. 
"Currency Amount" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice 
of Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference 
to the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back 
into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice into the currency 
of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the rate of conversion 
between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such 
Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either (i) determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation 
specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"CUSIP" means, with respect to a security, the "CUSIP" identification number assigned to such 
security (if any). 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that: 
(a) 
an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference 
Entity (or an Obligation thereof); and 
(b) 
such event occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date (determined by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in 
the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)) and on or prior to the Extension Date 
(determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the 
relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are 
defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)). 
A DC Credit Event Announcement will be deemed not to have occurred unless (i) the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date with respect to such Credit Event occurred on or prior to the end 
of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and (ii) the 
Trade Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction 
Cancellation Date, or the date that is 21 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable.  
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, 
a public announcement by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved, following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, that the event that is the

--- Page 942 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
916 
 
subject of the CE Resolution Notice resulting in the occurrence of such Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date does not constitute a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity (or an 
Obligation thereof). 
"DC Party" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules.  
"DC Resolution" means a resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in 
accordance with the definition of "Resolve" below. 
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, 
USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the 
occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee, 
transfer of the benefit of the Qualifying Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner 
customary for the settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include 
executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions): 
(a) 
in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Deliverable Obligations specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, 
to the relevant Securityholder; and 
(b) 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (including, without 
limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or right 
of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor),  
PROVIDED THAT: 
(i) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, "Deliver" means to 
create (or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the relevant 
Securityholder; and 
(ii) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Guarantee, "Deliver" means to 
Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form 
of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that 
time, provided further that each of the Issuer and each Securityholder agrees to comply with the 
provisions of any documentation (which shall be deemed to include any market advisory that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to approve for such 
purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves constitutes 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, 
as such documentation may be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and 
payment obligations of the parties hereunder. 
The Issuer and each Securityholder further agrees that compliance by it with the provisions of 
any such documentation, shall be required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery 
for the purposes of this definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions 
describing how Delivery should be effected) and neither the Issuer nor any Securityholder shall 
be permitted to request that the other take, nor shall it be required to take any action under Credit 
Linked Condition 10(b) (Physical Redemption Assets) unless otherwise contemplated by such 
documentation. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 16(a) and (b)(i): 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Qualifying 
Affiliate Guarantee, or if "All Guarantees" applies, as provider of any Qualifying

--- Page 943 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
917 
 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the "Method for determining Deliverable 
Obligations" below (but excluding any Excluded Deliverable Obligation) that (i) is 
payable in an amount equal to its outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, (ii) is not subject to any counterclaim, defence (other than a 
counterclaim or defence based on the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the 
definition of "Credit Event" or right of set off by or of a Reference Entity or any 
applicable Underlying Obligor and (iii) in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee other 
than a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, is capable, at the Delivery Date, of immediate 
assertion or demand by or on behalf of the holder or holders against the Reference 
Entity for an amount at least equal to the outstanding principal balance or Due and 
Payable Amount being Delivered apart from the giving of any notice of non-payment 
or similar procedural requirement, it being understood that acceleration of an 
Underlying Obligation shall not be considered a procedural requirement; 
(b) 
subject to the second paragraph of paragraph d(i)(B)(I) below each Reference 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, unless specified to be an Excluded 
Deliverable Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Sovereign Reference 
Entity, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation (but excluding any 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation) that (i) is payable in an amount equal to its 
outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, (ii) is not 
subject to any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event" or right 
of set off by or of a Reference Entity or, as applicable, any applicable Underlying 
Obligor and (iii) in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee other than a Qualifying Affiliate 
Guarantee, is capable, at the Delivery Date, of immediate assertion or demand by or 
on behalf of the holder or holders against the Reference Entity for an amount at least 
equal to the outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable Amount being Delivered 
apart from the giving of any notice of non-payment or similar procedural requirement, 
it being understood that acceleration of an Underlying Obligation shall not be 
considered a procedural requirement; and 
(d) 
any other obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(i) 
Method for determining Deliverable Obligations 
For the purposes of this definition of "Deliverable Obligation", a Deliverable 
Obligation shall be each Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described 
by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and, subject to Credit Linked Condition 20 (Interpretation of 
Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics), 
having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, as of the Delivery Date. The 
following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(A) 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, 
Borrowed Money, Reference Obligations Only, Bond, Loan, or 
Bond or Loan (each as defined in the definition of "Obligation" 
below, except that, for the purposes of determining Deliverable 
Obligations, the definition of "Reference Obligations Only" shall be 
amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall 
be applicable to Reference Obligations Only). 
(B) 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more 
of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, 
Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Contingent, 
Not Domestic Issuance, (each as defined in the definition of 
"Obligation" below), Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, 
Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity,

--- Page 944 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
918 
 
Accelerated or Matured, Not Bearer and where the March 2012 
Supplement applies, Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability, 
General Fund Obligation Liability and Revenue Obligation 
Liability.  
(I) 
"Not Contingent" means any obligation having as of the 
Delivery Date and all times thereafter an outstanding 
principal balance or, in the case of obligations that are not 
Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable Amount, that 
pursuant to the terms of such obligation may not be reduced 
as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
or circumstance (other than payment). A Convertible 
Obligation, an Exchangeable Obligation and an Accreting 
Obligation shall satisfy the Not Contingent Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic if such Convertible Obligation, 
Exchangeable 
Obligation 
or 
Accreting 
Obligation 
otherwise meets the requirements of the preceding sentence 
so long as, in the case of a Convertible Obligation or an 
Exchangeable Obligation, the right (x) to convert or 
exchange such obligation or (y) to require the issuer to 
purchase or redeem such obligation (if the issuer has 
exercised or may exercise the right to pay the purchase or 
redemption price, in whole or in part, in Equity Securities) 
has not been exercised (or such exercise has been 
effectively rescinded) on or before the Delivery Date. 
If a Reference Obligation is a Convertible Obligation or an 
Exchangeable Obligation, then such Reference Obligation 
may be included as a Deliverable Obligation only if the 
rights referred to in sub-paragraphs (x) and (y) above have 
not been exercised (or such exercise has been effectively 
rescinded) on or before the Delivery Date. 
(II) 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under 
which the total amount owed, whether at maturity, by 
reason of acceleration, upon termination or otherwise (other 
than amounts in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax 
gross-ups and other similar amounts) is, or on or prior to 
the Delivery Date will be, due and payable in full in 
accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would 
have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation 
imposed under any applicable insolvency laws; 
(III) 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or 
financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of 
organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the 
relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the 
relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such 
Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the 
relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any 
agent; 
(IV) 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of 
being assigned or novated with the consent of the Reference 
Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent 
of the relevant borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(V) 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of 
which, pursuant to a participation agreement, Issuer is

--- Page 945 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
919 
 
capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a 
contractual right in favour of each Securityholder that 
provides each such Securityholder with recourse to the 
participation seller for a specified share in any payments 
due under the relevant Loan which are received by such 
participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into 
between each such Securityholder and either (A) the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates, as the case may be (to the extent 
the Issuer and/or any such Affiliate, as applicable, is then a 
lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or 
(B) any lender or member of the relevant lending syndicate 
nominated by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent; 
(VI) 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a 
remaining maturity from the Physical Settlement Date of 
not greater than the period specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
(VII) 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer 
instrument unless interests with respect to such bearer 
instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, 
Clearstream International or any other internationally 
recognised clearing system; and 
(VIII) 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to 
institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restriction PROVIDED THAT none of the 
following shall be considered contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that 
provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 
144A or Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction 
having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility 
for resale of an obligation); or 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as 
statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds. 
"Deliverable Obligation Notice" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 
10(a)(iii)(B) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets). 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" means the provisions of the Credit Linked Notes that 
specify criteria for establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable Obligations. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the date on which such 
Deliverable Obligation is Delivered. 
"Delivery Expenses" means all costs, taxes (including transaction taxes), duties and/or 
expenses, including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising 
from the delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets. 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and 
any successor currency. If no currency is so specified, the Domestic Currency shall be the lawful 
currency and any successor currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the relevant

--- Page 946 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
920 
 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is 
organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). In no event shall Domestic Currency 
include any successor currency if such successor currency is the lawful currency of any of 
Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the United States of America or the euro 
(or any successor currency to any such currency). 
"Domestic Law" means the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity 
is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction of organization of the relevant Reference Entity, if such 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the amount that is due and payable under (and in accordance with the terms of) a 
Deliverable Obligation, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or 
otherwise (excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and 
other similar amounts); less 
(b) 
the Unwind Costs, the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount 
(in each case, if any), 
in each case determined in accordance with the terms in effect on either (I) the Delivery Date 
or (II) the Valuation Date, as applicable. 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity specified in sub-paragraph (c)(i) of this definition); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 
500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the paragraph (a) of this definition; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, 
issuer of collateralised debt obligation, commercial paper conduit or other 
special purpose vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 
or (B) is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or 
management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least USD 
100,000,000; 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support 
or other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or 
(d) of this definition; and 
(d) 
(i) 
a Sovereign;

--- Page 947 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
921 
 
(ii) 
a Sovereign Agency or a Supranational Organization. 
All references in this definition of "Eligible Transferee" to USD include equivalent 
amounts in other currencies. 
"Equity Securities" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Convertible Obligation, equity securities (including options and 
warrants) of the issuer of such obligation or depositary receipts representing those 
equity securities of the issuer of such obligation together with any other property 
distributed to or made available to holders of those equity securities from time to time; 
and 
(b) 
in the case of an Exchangeable Obligation, equity securities (including options and 
warrants) of a person other than the issuer of such obligation or depositary receipts 
representing those equity securities of a person other than the issuer of such obligation 
together with any other property distributed to or made available to holders of those 
equity securities from time to time. 
"Enabling Obligation" means an outstanding Deliverable Obligation that: 
(a) 
is a Fully Transferable Obligation or a Conditionally Transferable Obligation, as 
applicable; and 
(b) 
has a final maturity date occurring on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and 
following the Limitation Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date (or, 
in circumstances where the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date, following the final maturity date of the Latest Maturity Restructured 
Bond or Loan, if any). 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
"Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, if neither a DC Credit Event Announcement 
nor a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the first date on which both 
the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, the Notice of Publicly Available Information 
are delivered and are effective during either: 
(i) 
the Notice Delivery Period; or  
(ii) 
the period from, and including, the date on which ISDA publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved 
not to determine the matters described in the relevant CE Resolution Notice 
to, and including, the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (PROVIDED 
THAT the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior 
to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the 
Trade Date)); or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred, either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(II) 
(the Credit Event is not a Restructuring and where the 
March 2012 Supplement applies, either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation

--- Page 948 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
922 
 
Applicable" 
or 
"Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" applies; and  
(III) 
either:  
(y) 
if "Auction Redemption" applies, the Trade Date 
occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date that is 21 
calendar days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable; or  
(z) 
if "Auction Redemption" does not apply, the Trade 
Date occurs on or prior to the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement; or  
(B) 
 
(I) 
either:  
(y) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" 
is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Auction Redemption" applies; or  
(z) 
the Credit Event is a Restructuring and where the 
March 2012 Supplement applies, either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" 
or 
"Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" applies; and  
(II) 
the Credit Event Notice is delivered by a notifying party to 
the other party and is effective on or prior to the Exercise 
Cut-off Date; 
(ii) 
the first date on which the Credit Event Notice is delivered by a notifying 
party to the other party and is effective during the (i) Notice Delivery Period 
or (ii) the period from, and including, the date on which ISDA publicly 
announces the occurrence of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement to, 
and including, the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (PROVIDED THAT 
the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the 
end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade 
Date)), if either: 
(A) 
 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(II) 
the Credit Event is not a Restructuring and where the March 
2012 Supplement applies, either "Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" 
or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies;  
(III) 
"Auction Redemption" does not apply; and  
(IV) 
the Trade Date occurs following the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement; or 
(B)

--- Page 949 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
923 
 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; 
and  
(II) 
either:  
(y) 
"Auction Redemption" does not apply; or  
(z) 
if "Auction Redemption" applies, the Credit Event 
Notice is delivered by a Notifying Party to the 
other party and is effective on a date that is later 
than the relevant Exercise Cut-off Date; 
PROVIDED THAT in the case of paragraph (b) above: 
(1) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption 
of the Credit Linked Notes has occurred on or prior 
to the date on which the Applicable DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as 
applicable, in respect of the relevant Reference 
Entity has occurred as of the date on which the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement 
occurs, an Event Determination Date shall be 
deemed to have occurred only with respect to the 
portion of the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes to which the 
Event Determination Date relates, if any, with 
respect to which no Valuation Date or Delivery 
Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying a Restructuring 
as the only Credit Event has previously been 
delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and 
Securityholders, (aa) unless the Restructuring 
specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the 
subject of the relevant CE Resolution Notice 
resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless the Exercise 
Amount specified in any such Credit Event Notice 
was less than the then Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes. 
If no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" shall 
not apply. 
"Exchangeable Obligation" means any obligation that is exchangeable, in whole or in part, for 
Equity Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or a trustee or similar agent 
acting for the benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent thereof, whether 
the cash settlement option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such 
obligation). 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity 
specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Excluded Obligation" means any Obligation of a relevant Reference Entity specified as such 
or of a type described in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 950 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
924 
 
"Exercise Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 7 
(Restructuring). 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not a Restructuring (or if such Credit Event is a Restructuring, 
such Restructuring has occurred with respect to a Series for which neither 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" nor 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation Applicable" applies), either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; 
or 
(iii) 
the date that is 21 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date, if any; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is a Restructuring for purposes of a Series for which either 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation Applicable" applies and: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms may be published, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days 
following the date on which ISDA publishes the Final List applicable to such 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in accordance with the Rules 
(assuming, for the purposes of the timing set out herein, that any Credit Event 
Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent (as a buyer of credit protection) 
to the Issuer (as a seller of credit protection); or 
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs, the date that is 21 calendar days 
following such No Auction Announcement Date. 
"Extended Maturity Date" means, if Scheduled Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) and where: 
(a) 
no Relevant Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date 
under limbs (I), (II) and (III) of Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date 
Extension), the latest to occur of: 
(i) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Notes Extension Date; 
(ii) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events or if later, any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 
(including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date); or 
(iii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(b) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date under limbs (I), (II) and (III) of Credit Linked 
Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the Notes 
Extension Date, the later to occur of: 
(i) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events, as applicable, or if later any Final Physical Redemption Cut-
Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback 
Cash Redemption Date); or

--- Page 951 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
925 
 
(ii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable. 
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date, if:  
(i) 
"Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(ii) 
the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or the relevant 
CE Resolution Notice resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, as applicable, is a Failure to Pay that occurs after 
the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan 
Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix 
Supplement), Tokyo time)); and  
(iii) 
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is 
Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 
Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)); and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any), if: 
(i) 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
(ii) 
the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or the relevant 
CE Resolution Notice resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, as applicable, is a Repudiation/Moratorium that 
occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to 
Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference 
Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 
2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)); 
(iii) 
the 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
with 
respect 
to 
such 
Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
and  
(iv) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure 
by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the 
terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
"Fallback Redemption Method" means Cash Redemption or Physical Redemption, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Final Auction Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note, 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to:

--- Page 952 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
926 
 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
"Final Auction Redemption Date" means the later to occur of (a) the last Auction Redemption 
Date in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Final Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note, 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
"Final Cash Redemption Date" means the later to occur of (a) the last Cash Redemption Date 
in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Final List" means the final list of Deliverable Obligations which are the subject of the related 
Auction determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with 
the Rules.  
"Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked 
Condition 13(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver). 
"Final Price" means the price of the Valuation Obligation(s) selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, expressed as a percentage, 
determined in accordance with the specified Valuation Method. 
"Financial Transaction Type" means any of "Standard European Financial Corporate", 
"Standard Australia Financial Corporate", "Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate", 
"Standard Japan Financial Corporate", "Standard Singapore Financial Corporate" and "Standard 
Asia Financial Corporate", as applicable. 
"Fixed Recovery Percentage" means, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the Issue Terms, the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include zero or 100 per cent.). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
for an amount of the Valuation Obligation with an outstanding principal balance or Due and 
Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount.  
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable 
Obligation be provided to a trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, for a 
Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes 
of this definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". For purposes of determining whether a 
Deliverable Obligation satisfies the requirements of this definition of "Fully Transferable 
Obligation", such determination shall be made as of the Delivery Date for the Deliverable 
Obligation, taking into account only the terms of the Deliverable Obligation and any related 
transfer or consent documents which have been obtained by the Issuer.

--- Page 953 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
927 
 
"Funding Interest Rate" means, in respect of a Funding Interest Amount, a rate per annum 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms which shall be based on the cost to the Issuer if it were 
to fund or of funding the amount on which such interest is accruing. 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the 
financial markets (including the central bank) of a Reference Entity or of the jurisdiction of 
organisation of a Reference Entity. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the applicable grace period with 
respect to payments under the relevant Obligation under the terms of such Obligation 
in effect as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" applies, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time 
(or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or 
Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo 
time)) and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)), 
the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no period is specified, 30 calendar 
days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; 
PROVIDED THAT, unless "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified 
for that purpose in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, in the 
jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if (a) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as 
such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)), as the case may be, the 
date that is the number of Business Days following the date on which the Grace Period relating 
to such Potential Failure to Pay has expired. If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply. If (a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, (b) a 
Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity 
is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix 
Supplement), Tokyo time)) and (c) an Event Determination Date in respect of that Failure to 
Pay does not occur on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to 
the Trade Date), the later of the Scheduled Maturity Date and the Grace Period Extension Date 
will be the Extended Maturity Date (even if a Failure to Pay occurs after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date).

--- Page 954 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
928 
 
"Hedge Disruption Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
10(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption 
Obligation). 
"Issue Terms" means the applicable Final Terms or, where a Pricing Supplement is prepared, 
the applicable terms and conditions set out in such Pricing Supplement. 
"Issuer Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in London, New York and Luxembourg. 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 13(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver), 10(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of 
Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation), 10(d) (Partial Cash 
Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) and 10(h) (Alternative Procedures 
Relating to Loans not Delivered), the date that is 30 calendar days after the relevant 
Physical Redemption Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 10(e) (Partial Cash 
Redemption of Consent Required Loans), 10(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of 
Assignable Loans) and 10(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of Participations), the date 
that is 15 Business Days after the Physical Redemption Date. 
"Limitation Date" means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any 
year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years 
after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years (the "5-year 
Limitation Date"), 7.5 years, 10 years, 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years (the "20-year 
Limitation Date"), as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention, unless specified otherwise in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"March 2012 Supplement" means the 2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (published on March 5, 2012). 
"Market Value" means, with respect to the relevant Valuation Obligation on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest 
value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained, subject to sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Quotation", an amount that the Calculation Agent shall determine on the 
next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations are obtained; and 
(e) 
if two or more Full Quotations are not obtained within the ten Business Day period set 
forth in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation" the Market Value shall be 
determined as provided in such definition of "Quotation". 
"Maturity Redemption Amount" means an amount being the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and

--- Page 955 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
929 
 
(b) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount in the Settlement Currency 
equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes. 
"Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date 
to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, the 
Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all 
or substantially all of its respective assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, or 
the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
"Merger Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) 
equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
minus (ii) the Unwind Costs, if any; or 
(b) 
the Early Termination Amount, 
as specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
notes and other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, PROVIDED THAT, in circumstances where the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 
2.5-year Limitation Date, at least one Enabling Obligation exists. With respect to a Series for 
which "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" applies and for which the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date and prior to the 5-year Limitation Date, a Restructured Bond or Loan will not 
constitute an Enabling Obligation.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is either (a) on or prior to the 
2.5-year Limitation Date or (b) later than the 2.5-year Limitation Date and on or prior to the 5-
year Limitation Date and no Enabling Obligation exists, the Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date will be the 5-year Limitation Date in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan 
only. 
Subject to the foregoing, in the event that the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than (i) the 2.5-
year Limitation Date and no Enabling Obligation exists or (ii) the 20-year Limitation Date, the 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Movement Option" means, with respect to a Restructuring for which either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies, and with 
respect to which a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (b) of 
the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date", the option of the Calculation Agent to 
apply the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, so that the Credit Linked Notes may be 
redeemed by way of Auction Redemption (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take 
into account (a) the terms of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations thereunder, the Deliverable Obligation Provisions related to the Credit 
Linked Notes and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has or may enter into in connection 
with the Credit Linked Notes) for the purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations 
are more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent could 
specify in any Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice (PROVIDED 
THAT if more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable 
Obligations shall apply). If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to 
Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the 
Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the Fallback Redemption Method.

--- Page 956 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
930 
 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" the date that is four Relevant City Business Days following 
the Exercise Cut-off Date applicable to a buyer of credit protection where ISDA publishes a 
Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved (and where any public statement is issued by ISDA relating to the 
appropriate cut-off date, the Calculation Agent shall interpret such timing requirements from 
the perspective of a buyer of protection). 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 16(c) 
(Multiple Holder Obligation). 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4.00 p.m. (London time) on a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments and which 
immediately follows the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on which ISDA first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of a Restructuring for which either "Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies, 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be published but Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published; or  
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no 
Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by ISDA to the contrary.  
For the avoidance of doubt, a No Auction Announcement Date will not occur solely by reason 
of the Credit Linked Notes not being covered by any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"NOPS Amendment Notice" has the meaning given to it in the definition of "Notice of Physical 
Settlement". 
"Notes Extension Date" means the last day on which any Relevant Event Determination Date 
could occur, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (taking into consideration the latest 
of (i) the last day of any Notice Delivery Period (ii) the last Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date which could occur up to the last day of any Notice Delivery Period; (iii) the last Relevant 
Event Determination Date which could occur 14 calendar days after a DC Credit Event 
Announcement; and (iv) the last Exercise Cut-off Date). 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including 
the date that is 14 calendar days after the Extension Date. 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" with respect to a Series where (a) either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies and (b) the 
Fallback Redemption Method would otherwise be applicable pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 8(a)(i) (Fallback Redemption), a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that 
(i) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which shall be applicable in accordance with 
the exercise of the Movement Option and (ii) is dated on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-
off Date. 
"CE Resolution Notice" means a notice to ISDA, delivered in accordance with the Rules, 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve: 
(a) 
whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event for purposes of the relevant Series has 
occurred with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Obligation thereof; and

--- Page 957 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
931 
 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that such event 
has occurred, the date of the occurrence of such event. 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders that (a) confirms that the Issuer intends 
to redeem the Credit Linked Notes (unless the applicable Issue Terms provide for multiple 
Deliveries) and requires performance in accordance with the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms), (b) specifies (i) the proposed Delivery Date, (ii) if 
applicable, the Unwind Costs and (iii) if applicable, the Delivery Expenses and/or Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount, (c) contains a detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation 
that the Issuer will, subject to Credit Linked Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms), Deliver 
to Securityholders (in aggregate), including the outstanding principal balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable (in each case, the "Outstanding Amount") of each such 
Deliverable Obligation and, if available and applicable, the CUSIP or ISIN number (or, if such 
identifying number is not available, the rate and tenor) of each such Deliverable Obligation and 
(d) where (I) the Relevant Credit Event is a Restructuring, (II) either "Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies and (III) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date is later than (x) the final maturity date of the Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan, if any, or (y) the 2.5-year Limitation Date, contains a detailed 
description of at least one Enabling Obligation, which description will include the CUSIP or 
ISIN number, if available and applicable (or, if such identifying number is not available, the 
rate and tenor), of such Enabling Obligation and any other information necessary to establish 
that such obligation is an Enabling Obligation. The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, 
give notice to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Securityholders, in the 
manner specified above (each such notification, a "NOPS Amendment Notice") that the Issuer 
is replacing, in whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment 
Notice is effective) or the detailed description(s) thereof. A NOPS Amendment Notice shall 
contain a revised detailed description of each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer 
will, subject to Credit Linked Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms), Deliver to 
Securityholders (each, a "Replacement Deliverable Obligation"") and shall also specify the 
Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with 
respect to each such Deliverable Obligation, the "Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount"). The Outstanding Amount of each Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice shall be determined by applying the 
Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. 
Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior to the Physical Redemption 
Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from such NOPS Amendment 
Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may correct any 
errors or inconsistencies in the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to 
the Fiscal Agent prior to the relevant Delivery Date; it being understood in each case that such 
notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice.  
The "Notice of Physical Settlement Condition to Settlement" will be satisfied by the delivery 
of an effective Notice of Physical Settlement. For the purposes of determining whether this 
condition has been satisfied, the effective date of delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement 
(whether or not subsequently changed) shall be used. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice 
or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a 
description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. In relation to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, the Notice of Publicly Available Information must cite Publicly 
Available Information confirming the occurrences of both paragraphs (a) and (b) of the 
definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". If "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the Credit Event Notice or

--- Page 958 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
932 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such 
Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information. If no election is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, "Notice of Publicly Available Information" shall apply. 
"Obligation" means (a) any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, or if "All Guarantees" applies, as provider of any Qualifying 
Guarantee), determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining 
Obligations" below (but excluding any Excluded Obligation), (b) each Reference Obligation 
unless it is an Excluded Obligation and (c) any other obligation of the Reference Entity specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Method for Determining Obligations: 
For the purposes of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" above, an Obligation 
is each obligation of each Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and having each of the Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, as of the 
date of the event which constitutes the Credit Event which is the subject of either the 
Credit Event Notice or the relevant CE Resolution Notice resulting in the occurrence 
of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date. The following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
(i) 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligations Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and: 
(A) 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed 
Money" Obligation Category that is in the form of, or represented 
by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), 
certificated debt notes or other debt notes and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money; 
(B) 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a 
Loan; 
(C) 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation 
under a revolving credit arrangement for which there are no 
outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment 
or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without 
limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from 
drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
(D) 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed 
Money" Obligation Category that is documented by a term loan 
agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit 
agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(E) 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, 
contingent or otherwise) for the payment or repayment of money, 
including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; and 
(F) 
"Reference Obligations Only" means any obligation that is a 
Reference Obligation and no Obligation Characteristics shall be 
applicable to Reference Obligations Only. 
(ii) 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not 
Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance and where the March 2012 
Supplement applies, Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability, General Fund 
Obligation Liability and Revenue Obligation Liability, and:

--- Page 959 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
933 
 
(A) 
 
(I) 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not 
Subordinated to (x) the most senior Reference Obligation 
in priority of payment or (y) if no Reference Obligation is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity; 
PROVIDED THAT, if any of the events set forth under 
Credit Linked Condition 17(a) (Substitution events) or 15(b) 
(Substitute Reference Obligations following a Succession 
Event) has occurred with respect to all of the Reference 
Obligations (each, in each case, a "Prior Reference 
Obligation") and no Substitute Reference Obligation has 
been identified for any of the Prior Reference Obligations 
at the time of the determination of whether an obligation 
satisfies the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic 
or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, as applicable, 
"Not Subordinated" shall mean an obligation would not 
have been Subordinated to the most senior such Prior 
Reference Obligation in priority of payment. For purposes 
of determining whether an obligation satisfies the "Not 
Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the ranking in priority of 
payment of each Reference Obligation or each Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as 
of the date as of which the relevant Reference Obligation or 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, was issued or 
incurred, and shall not reflect any change to such ranking 
in priority of payment after such date, PROVIDED THAT 
where the March 2012 Supplement applies, "Not 
Subordinated" means an obligation (or, in the case of a 
Double-Barrel Obligation Liability, only the Full Faith and 
Credit Component thereof) that is not Subordinated (in the 
case of a Revenue Obligation Liability, with respect to the 
revenues from which the Reference Obligation is payable) 
to (x) the Reference Obligation (or, if the Reference 
Obligation is a Double-Barrel Obligation Liability, only the 
Full Faith and Credit Component thereof) or (y) if no 
Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of 
the Reference Entity; PROVIDED THAT, (aa) if any of the 
events set forth under Credit Linked Condition 17(a) 
(Substitution events) has occurred with respect to all of the 
Reference Obligations or if Credit Linked Condition 15(b) 
(Substitute Reference Obligations following a Succession 
Event) is applicable with respect to the Reference 
Obligation (each, in each case, a "Prior Reference 
Obligation") and no Substitute Reference Obligation has 
been identified for any of the Prior Reference Obligations 
at the time of the determination of whether an obligation 
satisfies the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic 
or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, as applicable, 
"Not Subordinated" shall mean an obligation that would not 
have been Subordinated to such Prior Reference Obligation, 
and (bb) if "Double-Barrel Obligation Only" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (and it will only be 
deemed to be applicable if the Reference Obligation is a 
Double-Barrel Obligation Liability), then an obligation will 
be deemed to satisfy the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic

--- Page 960 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
934 
 
only if (I) such obligation is a Double-Barrel Obligation 
Liability and (II) in addition to satisfying the foregoing 
requirements in this paragraph, the Non-Full Faith and 
Credit Component of such obligation is not Subordinated 
to the Non-Full Faith and Credit Component of such 
Reference Obligation (assuming solely for purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (bb) that any reference in the definition of 
"Subordination" to the "Reference Entity" will be deemed 
to be to the "Sovereign Agency of the Reference Entity" if 
such Non-Full Faith and Credit Component is a direct 
liability of a Sovereign Agency of such Reference Entity). 
For purposes of determining whether an obligation satisfies 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the ranking of each 
Reference Obligation or each Prior Reference Obligation, 
as applicable, shall be determined as of the date as of which 
the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, was issued or incurred, and shall 
not reflect any change to such ranking after such date; and 
(II) 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the 
"Subordinated Obligation") and another obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity to which such obligation is being 
compared (the "Senior Obligation"), a contractual, trust or 
similar arrangement providing that (x) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the relevant 
Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the Senior 
Obligation will be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders 
of the Subordinated Obligation or (y) the holders of the 
Subordinated Obligation will not be entitled to receive or 
retain payments in respect of their claims against the 
relevant Reference Entity at any time that the relevant 
Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in 
default under the Senior Obligation. "Subordinated" will be 
construed accordingly. For the purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is 
Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it 
is being compared, the existence of preferred creditors 
arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support 
or other credit enhancement arrangements shall not be 
taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be 
taken into account where the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign. Where the March 2012 Supplement applies, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, a Full Faith and Credit 
Obligation Liability of a Reference Entity that is payable, 
in whole or in part, from ad valorem taxes (where the 
amount of such taxes that may be levied is subject to 
applicable constitutional, statutory and other legal limits) 
shall be deemed to be Subordinated to any Full Faith and 
Credit Obligation Liability of such Reference Entity that is 
payable, in whole in part, from ad valorem taxes that are 
not so limited;  
(iii) 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or 
currencies specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if "Specified 
Currency" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and no currency is so 
specified, any Standard Specified Currency);

--- Page 961 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
935 
 
(iv) 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to 
a Sovereign or Supranational Organization, including, without limitation, 
obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(v) 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any 
currency other than the Domestic Currency; 
(vi) 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the 
applicable Domestic Law; 
(vii) 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased 
and sold on an exchange;  
(viii) 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that 
was, at the time the relevant obligation was issued (or reissued, as the case 
may be) or incurred, intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic 
market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or 
qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity 
(regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale 
within the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed 
not to be intended for sale primarily in the domestic market of the relevant 
Reference Entity;  
(ix) 
where the March 2012 Supplement applies: 
(A) 
"Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability" means any liability 
of the Reference Entity: (x) the payment of which in accordance with 
its terms or applicable law is backed by the "full faith and credit" (or 
similar language) of the Reference Entity; or (y) that is payable from 
ad valorem taxes required to be levied on all taxable property within 
the taxing jurisdiction of the Reference Entity for the payment 
thereof, whether or not subject to any applicable constitutional, 
statutory and other legal limits with respect to the amount of such 
taxes that may be so levied. For the avoidance of doubt, a Double-
Barrel Obligation Liability shall also constitute a Full Faith and 
Credit Obligation Liability; 
(B) 
"Double-Barrel Obligation Liability" means, with respect to any 
Reference Entity, any liability that evidences both (x) a Full Faith 
and Credit Obligation Liability of such Reference Entity (either 
directly or as a provider of a Qualifying Guarantee) and (y) a claim 
that is either (aa) payable from certain revenues or other sources of 
funds of such Reference Entity prior to any claim under a Full Faith 
and Credit Obligation Liability that is not payable from such 
revenues or sources of funds or (bb) is payable from certain revenues 
or other source of funds of a Sovereign Agency of such Reference 
Entity. For the avoidance of doubt, a Double-Barrel Obligation 
Liability that is a direct liability of a Sovereign Agency of the 
Reference Entity (rather than the Reference Entity itself) will be 
deemed to be a "Qualifying Guarantee" of such Reference Entity if 
such Full Faith and Credit Component is a liability of such Reference 
Entity that in accordance with its terms cannot be discharged, 
reduced or otherwise altered or assigned (other than by operation of 
law) as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than payment); 
(C) 
"Full Faith and Credit Component" means any liability of the 
Reference Entity (either directly or as a provider of a Qualifying 
Guarantee) in respect of a Double-Barrel Obligation Liability 
without regard to any claim thereunder described in sub-paragraph 
(y) of the definition thereof;

--- Page 962 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
936 
 
(D) 
"Non-Full Faith and Credit Component" means any liability of 
the Reference Entity or any Sovereign Agency thereof in respect of 
a Double-Barrel Obligation Liability other than in respect of the Full 
Faith and Credit Component thereof; 
(E) 
"General Fund Obligation Liability" means any liability of the 
Reference Entity that is payable from the general fund of the 
Reference Entity and that is not a Moral Obligation Liability. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability that 
is payable from the general fund of the Reference Entity shall also 
constitute a General Fund Obligation Liability;  
(F) 
"Moral Obligation Liability" means any liability of the Reference 
Entity that is contingent upon an appropriation being made by the 
governing body or other official of the Reference Entity; and 
(G) 
"Revenue Obligation Liability" means any liability of the 
Reference Entity that is payable, in whole or in part, from the same 
source of revenues as the Reference Obligation and that is not a 
Moral Obligation Liability. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is 
denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they 
would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of 
a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a 
failure to make any required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or 
more Obligations. 
"Original Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, on the Issue Date, the original aggregate 
nominal amount of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Applicable Proportions in respect of such Credit Linked 
Notes relating to previous Relevant Credit Events; 
in each case, taking into account (without double counting) any partial redemptions, 
amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series 
on or prior to such date. 
"Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Notice of 
Physical Settlement". 
"Parallel Auction" means the "Auction" which is the subject of the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means the "Auction Cancellation Date" in respect of the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 963 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
937 
 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of a Restructuring for 
which either "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" 
or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" applies, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with 
respect to such Restructuring in accordance with the Rules if the Calculation Agent determines 
in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation Terms are the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes and for which a representative credit derivative transaction 
economically equivalent to the Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the same 
Affected Reference Entity (assuming Auction Redemption and the deemed occurrence of an 
"Event Determination Date") which has identical deliverable obligation terms to the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes and Deliverable Obligation Terms of the 
relevant auction settlement terms under consideration but would not be a covered transaction 
(due to the range of designated scheduled termination dates for the relevant auction settlement 
terms under consideration or otherwise) for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Payment/Delivery Failure Event" means, in each case as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that: 
(a) 
it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an event beyond 
the control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the Securityholder 
to provide account details of its designee), or for a Securityholder to accept payment 
of (due to an event beyond the control of such Securityholder), any cash amount 
(including, without limitation, any portion of the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Amount, in respect of the Credit Linked Notes) required to be paid by the Issuer on the 
date intended for such payment and such event preventing the payment or acceptance 
is not cured by the affected party; or 
(b) 
the relevant definitive Credit Linked Notes (where applicable) and/or the Deliverable 
Obligation Notice are not delivered in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 10(a) 
(Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) or any intended recipient has failed to duly 
execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or 
before any Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation that is on or before any Delivery Date, in each case in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Deliverable Obligation. 
"Payment Failure Cut-Off Date" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 13(a) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay). 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as appropriate. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the deliverable 
obligations included on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are 
applicable to that Auction. 
"Permitted Currency" means: 
(a) 
the legal tender of any Group of 7 country (or any country that becomes a member of 
the Group of 7 if such Group of 7 expands its membership); or 
(b) 
the legal tender of any country which, as of the date of such change, is a member of 
the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and has a local currency 
long-term debt rating of either AAA or higher assigned to it by Standard & Poor's, a 
division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or any successor to the rating business 
thereof, Aaa or higher assigned to it by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or any

--- Page 964 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
938 
 
successor to the rating business thereof or AAA or higher assigned to it by Fitch 
Ratings or any successor to the rating business thereof. 
"Physical Redemption Assets" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes for which pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms) the "Physical Redemption Terms" 
are applicable, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Effect of DC Resolutions), such 
Deliverable Obligations as may be selected by the Issuer with: (a) an outstanding principal 
balance (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, and which for the avoidance of doubt will account for any deductions for 
any unwind costs, any delivery expenses and any interest suspension shortfall amounts), in 
respect of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money Obligations or (b) a Due and 
Payable Amount, in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money 
Obligations (or in either case, the equivalent Currency Amount thereof), equal to (i) the 
Applicable Proportion or (ii) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable). If the amount of the Physical Redemption Assets is less than zero, no 
Deliverable Obligations will be required to be Delivered and the amount of the Physical 
Redemption Assets will be deemed to be zero. The outstanding principal balance of the 
Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will (x) include accrued but unpaid interest (as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine) if "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, (y) exclude accrued but unpaid interest if "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms or neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued 
Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms (as the Calculation Agent shall determine). 
If an obligation by its terms represents or contemplates an obligation to pay an amount greater 
than the outstanding principal balance of such obligation as of the Delivery Date as a result of 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, the outstanding principal balance 
of such obligation shall not include any additional amount that would be payable upon the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of such event or circumstance. With respect to (x) any Accreting 
Obligation, "outstanding principal balance" means the Accreted Amount thereof and (y) any 
Exchangeable Obligation that is not an Accreting Obligation, "outstanding principal balance" 
shall exclude any amount that may be payable under the terms of such obligation in respect of 
the value of the Equity Securities for which such obligation is exchangeable. 
"Physical Redemption Date" means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the satisfaction of all applicable Conditions to Settlement. If all Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, are Delivered on or before that Physical Redemption Date, the Physical Redemption 
Date shall be the Extended Maturity Date. 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means, where "Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms" 
applies to any Series of Credit Linked Notes (notwithstanding that the Credit Event Redemption 
Method for such Notes may not be Physical Redemption), the terms applicable to one or more 
Transaction Type(s) in respect of the relevant Reference Entity(ies) of such Series of Credit 
Linked Notes as set out in the applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT in the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) Part A (Contractual Terms) of the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) any 
schedule or appendix to such Issue Terms, Part A (Contractual Terms) of the Issue Terms will 
prevail. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 
14(d) (Redemption Suspension), the number of Business Days specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then with respect to a 
Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in accordance with 
then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine. 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the relevant Reference Entity to make, when 
and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement 
under one or more Obligations, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent

--- Page 965 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
939 
 
to the commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations, in accordance with 
the terms of such obligations at the time of such failure. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow 
Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi 
Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the 
country in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally 
recognised published or electronically displayed news sources).  
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
have occurred and which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, 
regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information, 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Issuer or its Affiliates is cited as the sole source of such 
information, then such information shall not be deemed to be Publicly Available 
Information unless the Issuer or its Affiliate is acting in its capacity as trustee, fiscal 
agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank 
for an Obligation;  
(b) 
is information received from or published by (i) the relevant Reference Entity (or a 
Sovereign Agency in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, or (where the 
March 2012 Supplement applies) a Sovereign in respect of a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign Agency) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing 
agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation;  
(c) 
is information contained in any petition or filing instituting a proceeding (as described 
in paragraph (d) of the definition of "Bankruptcy") against or by a Reference Entity; 
or  
(d) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice or filing, however described, of 
or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body or (where the March 2012 Supplement applies) the 
Electronic Municipal Market Access (EMMA) system of the Municipal Securities 
Rulemaking Board, or any additional or successor filing system approved by the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission for satisfying continuing 
disclosure requirements under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
or any rules promulgated thereunder, that are applicable to any securities issued by the 
Reference Entity. 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) in the first 
paragraph of this definition, the party receiving such information may assume that such 
information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement or understanding 
regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information 
has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the relevant 
Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the relevant Reference Entity that would be breached by, or 
would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to the definition of "Downstream 
Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned, directly or indirectly, by the relevant 
Reference Entity and (ii) that such occurrence (A) has met the Payment Requirement or Default 
Requirement, (B) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period or (C) has met the 
subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events.

--- Page 966 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
940 
 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the relevant 
Reference Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of that 
Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means an arrangement evidenced by a written instrument pursuant to 
which a Reference Entity irrevocably agrees (by guarantee of payment or equivalent legal 
arrangement) to pay all amounts due under an "Underlying Obligation" for which another party 
is the obligor (the "Underlying Obligor""). 
Qualifying Guarantees shall exclude any arrangement: 
(a) 
structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy, letter of credit or 
equivalent legal arrangement; or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms of which the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity 
can be discharged, reduced, otherwise altered or assigned (other than by operation of 
law)as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than payment). 
The benefit of a Qualifying Guarantee must be capable of being delivered together with the 
delivery of the Underlying Obligation. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage with respect to 
a Valuation Date in the manner that follows:  
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three 
Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if 
necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the 
relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the same 
Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation 
Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full 
Quotation is obtained on such tenth Business Day, the quotation shall be deemed to be 
zero for the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such 
day. 
"Quotation Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent not in excess of the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being 
obtained. 
"Quotation Dealer" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, a dealer (which may be one or 
more of the Issuer's affiliates) in obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, 
including any Quotation Dealer if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), or not 
being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the 
Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, substitute 
any such Quotation Dealer(s) for one or more of the foregoing. 
"Quotation Method" means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms by reference to one of the following terms (or, if no Quotation Method is specified, Bid 
shall apply), 
where:

--- Page 967 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
941 
 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation 
Dealers and shall be averaged for the purposes of determining a relevant Quotation 
Dealer's quotation. 
"Redemption Suspension Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 14 (Effect of DC Resolutions). 
"Reference Entity" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor 
Provisions), in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the entity specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Obligation" means each obligation specified as such or of a type described in the 
applicable Issue Terms (if any are so specified or described) and any Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"Relevant Credit Event" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Successor Provisions), any Credit Event which occurs with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity. 
"Relevant Event Determination Date" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Event 
Determination Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Credit Event. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations constituting "Bonds" and "Loans" of the 
relevant Reference Entity outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the Succession 
Event, excluding any debt obligations outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its 
Affiliates, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will determine the 
entity which succeeds to such Relevant Obligations on the basis of the Best Available 
Information. If the date on which the Best Available Information becomes available or is filed 
precedes the legally effective date of the relevant Succession Event, any assumptions as to the 
allocation of obligations between or among entities contained in the Best Available Information 
will be deemed to have been fulfilled as of the legally effective date of the Succession Event, 
whether or not this is in fact the case. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an 
authorised officer of the relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more 
Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (ii) declares or 
imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect 
to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; 
and (b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such 
Obligation that occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)), (a) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date 
that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of 
such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace 
Period in respect of such payment date) and (b) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of 
such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; PROVIDED THAT, in either case, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date 
unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. If (I) the

--- Page 968 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
942 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied and (II) an Event Determination Date 
in respect of that Repudiation/Moratorium does not occur on or prior to the final day of the 
Notice 
Delivery 
Period, the later 
of the 
Scheduled 
Maturity 
Date and 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date will be the Extended Maturity Date (even if a 
Repudiation/Moratorium occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date). 
The "Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" is satisfied: 
(a) 
if ISDA publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered in 
accordance with the Rules and effectively received on or prior to the date that is 14 
calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type 
of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms 
are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)); or  
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, if "Notice of Publicly Available 
Information" is specified as a Condition to Settlement, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information that is effective on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.  
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, ISDA publicly announces, 
pursuant to a valid request that was delivered in accordance with the Rules and effectively 
received on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event 
does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
for the purposes of the relevant Credit Linked Notes has occurred with respect to an Obligation 
of the relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
(determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 
Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)). 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer (for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders) 
that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type 
of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are 
defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)). A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. 
The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice is effective. 
"Resolve" means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making 
of a specific determination in accordance with the Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall 
be construed accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the relevant 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the

--- Page 969 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
943 
 
relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in 
effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals; 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled 
redemption dates; 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual 
of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal to 
any currency which is not a Permitted Currency. 
Notwithstanding the above in this definition of "Restructuring", none of the following shall 
constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest or principal in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the EU that adopts or has 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" due to 
an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or 
other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" in 
circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Restructuring", the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of 
a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee. In the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the relevant Reference Entity in the first 
paragraph of this definition shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference 
to the relevant Reference Entity in the second paragraph of this definition of "Restructuring" 
shall continue to refer to the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Restructuring Date" means, with respect to a Restructured Bond or Loan, the date on which 
a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing 
such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
PROVIDED THAT in circumstances where the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 2.5-
year Limitation Date, at least one Enabling Obligation exists. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of 
any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured 
Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan") and the Scheduled Maturity 
Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, 
then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such Latest 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. In the event that the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than

--- Page 970 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
944 
 
(a)(i) the final maturity date of the Latest Maturity Restructured Bondor Loan, if any, or (ii) the 
2.5-year Limitation Date, and, in either case, no Enabling Obligation exists or (b) the 20-year 
Limitation Date, the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation 
specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which 
the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated 
that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency 
Fixing Time or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA 
on its website www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as 
amended from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. 
"Senior Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Subordination". 
"Single Name Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 15(e)(i) (Single Name Credit Linked Notes). 
"Single Name Successor Entity" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
15 (Successor Provisions). 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority (including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Agency" means any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other 
authority (including, without limitation, the central bank) of a Sovereign. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a relevant 
Sovereign Reference Entity: 
(a) 
in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event 
Notice has occurred; and  
(b) 
described by the "Deliverable Obligation Category" specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and subject to Credit Linked Condition 20(c) (Interpretation of Obligation 
Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics), having each of the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
in each case immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in 
accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring without regard 
to whether the Obligation would satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Category or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics after such Restructuring. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or, if a number is not so specified, two). 
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, the UK and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency 
to any of the aforementioned currencies. 
"Subordinated Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of 
"Subordination". 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means one or more obligations of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as a provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee)

--- Page 971 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
945 
 
that will replace one or more Reference Obligations, identified by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Substitute Reference Obligation). 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date falling 
five Business Days after the Extension Date. 
"Substitution Event Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note, 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to (x) the fair market value of the 
Credit Linked Notes determined by the Issuer as at the Substitution Event Date, and (y) adjusted 
to take into account any Unwind Costs (if any). 
"Succession Event" means: 
(a) 
with respect to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, an event such as a merger, 
consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, demerger, spin-off or 
other similar event in which one entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, 
whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an event such as an annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other 
event that results in any direct or indirect successor(s) to such Reference Entity.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Succession Event" shall not include an event (i) in which the 
holders of obligations of the Reference Entity exchange such obligations for the obligations of 
another entity, unless such exchange occurs in connection with a merger, consolidation, 
amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, demerger, spin-off or other similar event or (B) 
with respect to the legally effective date (or, in the case of a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, 
the date of occurrence) has occurred prior to the Succession Event Backstop Date (determined 
by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference 
Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix 
Supplement), Tokyo time)).  
"Succession Event Backstop Date" means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Succession Event, as determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the Successor Event Resolution 
Request Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)); 
or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which the Succession Event Notice is effective; and 
(ii) 
in circumstances where (A) the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in paragraphs (a) 
and (b) of the definition of "Succession Event Resolution Request Date" are 
satisfied in accordance with the Rules, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine such matters and 
(C) the Succession Event Notice is delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent 
not more than 14 calendar days after the day on which ISDA publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine such matters, the Succession Event Resolution 
Request Date. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Succession Event Backstop Date 
shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Succession Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders that describes a Succession 
Event that occurred on or after the Succession Event Backstop Date (determined by reference

--- Page 972 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
946 
 
to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan 
Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo 
time)). A Succession Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination to be made pursuant to the definition of "Successor", of whether 
(a) a Succession Event has occurred and (b) if relevant, the identity of any Successor(s). 
"Succession Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to ISDA, 
delivered in accordance with the Rules, requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee be convened to Resolve: 
(a) 
whether an event that constitutes a Succession Event has occurred with respect to the 
relevant Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that such event 
has occurred: 
(i) 
with respect to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the legally effective 
date of such event; or  
(ii) 
with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, the date of the 
occurrence of such event, 
the date, as publicly announced by ISDA, that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Successor" means, in relation to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the entity or 
entities, if any, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
if one entity directly or indirectly succeeds to seventy five per cent. or more of the 
Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, 
that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(b) 
if only one entity directly or indirectly succeeds to more than twenty five per cent. (but 
less than seventy five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity by way of a Succession Event, and not more than twenty five per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant 
Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty five per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each directly or indirectly succeeds to more than twenty five 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity by way of a 
Succession Event, and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, the entities 
that succeed to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each 
be a Successor; 
(d) 
if one or more entities each directly or indirectly succeeds to more than twenty five per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity by way of a 
Succession Event, and more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of 
the relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, each such 
entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(e) 
if one or more entities directly or indirectly succeeds to a portion of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, but no 
entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity and the relevant Reference Entity continues to exist, there 
will be no Successor; and 
(f) 
if one or more entities directly or indirectly succeeds to a portion of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, but no 
entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity and the relevant Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity

--- Page 973 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
947 
 
which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations (or, if two or more 
entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, the entity from among 
those entities which succeeds to the greatest percentage of obligations of the Reference 
Entity) will be the sole Successor. 
For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and its 
Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), that a party other than the Reference Entity 
(A) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations) 
whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement or (B) issues Bonds that are 
exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case such Reference Entity is no longer an 
obligor (primarily or secondarily) or guarantor with respect to such Relevant Obligations (or 
obligations).  
"Supranational Organization" means any entity or organisation established by treaty or other 
arrangement between two or more Sovereigns or the Sovereign Agencies of two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 (the Trans-European Automarket Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System), or any successor or replacement for that system, is 
open.  
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms; PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner, that (a) the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
substantially the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes, and (b) if such Credit Event is a Restructuring for which either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is applicable or deemed to be applicable, 
a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Notes would be an 
"Auction Covered Transaction" for the purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Transaction Type" means, where "Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, each Reference Entity designated as one of the 
following in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
Standard North American Corporate; 
(b) 
Standard European Corporate; 
(c) 
Standard European Financial Corporate; 
(d) 
Standard Emerging European Corporate; 
(e) 
Standard Japan Corporate; 
(f) 
Standard Japan Financial Corporate; 
(g) 
Standard Japan Sovereign; 
(h) 
Standard Singapore Corporate; 
(i) 
Standard Singapore Financial Corporate; 
(j) 
Standard Singapore Sovereign; 
(k) 
Standard Asia Corporate; 
(l) 
Standard Asia Financial Corporate; 
(m) 
Standard Asia Sovereign;

--- Page 974 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
948 
 
(n) 
Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign; 
(o) 
Standard Western European Sovereign; 
(p) 
Standard Latin America Corporate B 
(q) 
Standard Latin America Corporate BL; 
(r) 
Standard Latin America Sovereign; 
(s) 
Standard Australia Corporate; 
(t) 
Standard Australia Financial Corporate; 
(u) 
Standard Australia Sovereign; 
(v) 
Standard New Zealand Corporate; 
(w) 
Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate; 
(x) 
Standard New Zealand Sovereign; 
(y) 
Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit; 
(z) 
Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund;  
(aa) 
Standard U.S. Municipal Revenue, 
and any other Transaction Type which may be added to the Physical Settlement Matrix from 
time to time. 
"UK" means the United Kingdom. 
"Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 10(i)(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 10(i)(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
"Underlying Obligor" has the meaning given to it in the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee". 
"Unwind Costs" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees, 
charges, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates in connection with: 
(a) 
the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes; and 
(b) 
if the Issuer has elected to hedge its exposure, the related termination, settlement or re-
establishment of any hedge or related trading position. 
"Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension), the date that is 
the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms after satisfaction 
of all Conditions to Settlement (or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
five Business Days); 
(b) 
if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension), each of the 
following dates:

--- Page 975 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
949 
 
(i) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms after satisfaction of all Conditions to Settlement (or, if the number of 
Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days); and 
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
five Business Days) after the date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a 
Market Value with respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
(c) 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the total 
number of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, 
five Valuation Dates). 
(d) 
if neither "Single Valuation Date" nor "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the terms of paragraph (a) of this definition shall apply as if 
"Single Valuation Date" had been specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Valuation Method" means: 
(a) 
where there is only one Valuation Date and one Reference Obligation, Highest or 
Market, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT if no election 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Method will be deemed to be 
Highest; 
(b) 
where there is more than one Valuation Date and one Reference Obligation, Average 
Highest, Average Market or Highest, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT if no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Valuation Method will be deemed to be Average Highest; 
(c) 
where there is one Valuation Date and more than one Reference Obligation, Blended 
Highest or Blended Market, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED 
THAT if no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Method 
will be deemed to be Blended Highest; 
(d) 
where there is more than one Valuation Date and more than one Reference Obligation, 
Average Blended Highest or Average Blended Market, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT if no election is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Valuation Method will be deemed to be Average Blended Highest, 
where: 
(i) 
"Average Blended Highest" means, using values with respect to each 
Valuation Date determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Blended Highest Valuation Method, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the 
values so determined with respect to each Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
"Average Blended Market" means, using values with respect to each 
Valuation Date determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Blended Market Valuation Method, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the 
values so determined with respect to each Valuation Date; 
(iii) 
"Average Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest 
Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with 
paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to each Valuation 
Date; 
(iv) 
"Average Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market 
Values determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation 
Date;

--- Page 976 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
950 
 
(v) 
"Blended Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market 
Values for each Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to the Valuation Date; 
(vi) 
"Blended Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest 
Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with 
paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") for each Reference Obligation 
with respect to the Valuation Date; 
(vii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with 
respect to any Valuation Date; 
(viii) 
"Lowest" means the lowest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with 
respect to any Valuation Date; and 
(ix) 
"Market" means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with 
respect to the Valuation Date. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) to (b) of this definition, if Quotations include fewer than two 
Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market, Average Market, or Blended Market or 
Average Blended Market, as the case may be. 
"Valuation Obligation" means, where Cash Redemption applies, an obligation, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, provided 
such obligations(s) is either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such 
time is specified, the time determined by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as 
reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Deliverable 
Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as the case may be, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that such principal trading market would be closed at such time or such transactions are not 
being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at such time, in which event the Valuation Time 
shall be such other time as may be specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market 
is open. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity.

--- Page 977 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
951 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
For the avoidance of doubt, this introduction to the Index Skew Conditions (including the worked 
examples set out in the Annex (Worked Examples in respect of Index Skew Notes) to this Part A) shall 
not form part of the Index Skew Conditions. 
The questions and answers set out below and the worked examples set out in the Annex (Worked 
Examples in respect of Index Skew Notes) to this Part A highlight selected information and provide 
practical examples to help prospective investors understand specific commercial considerations in 
respect of the Index Skew Notes. However, any decision to invest in the Index Skew Notes should only 
be made after careful consideration of the Base Prospectus and the relevant General Conditions in their 
entirety, particularly the terms and conditions of the Index Skew Notes set out in the Index Skew 
Conditions, as completed by the applicable Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented 
by the applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable. This section should be treated as an introduction to 
certain terms of the Index Skew Notes. It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the 
Index Skew Conditions. 
Unless otherwise defined in the Base Prospectus, capitalised terms in relation to the following questions 
and answers shall have the meanings given to them in the Index Skew Conditions. 
What are Index Skew Notes? 
Index Skew Notes are debt securities referencing a package skew position comprising (a) a Hypothetical 
Index Untranched Transaction and (b) a Hypothetical Single Name Set where (a) and (b) have equal and 
offsetting positions with any payments resulting from a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity 
referenced by both Hypothetical Skew Transactions intended to be zero due to the application of payment 
netting (see further "What are the Hypothetical Skew Transactions?" below).  
Accordingly, the amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which investors will receive on the Index 
Skew Notes does not depend on whether certain Credit Events occur in respect of any Reference Entity 
referenced under both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, but will instead be impacted by the occurrence 
of an early redemption event. The value of the combined positions reflects the difference or the "skew" 
between the value of the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and the aggregate value of its 
component single name credit derivative transactions which comprise the index.  
What is the difference between the Index Skew Notes and Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Skew Notes may appear similar to Credit Linked Notes as they both give an investor exposure to 
underlying credit derivative transactions which are linked to the credit risk of the Reference Entity 
without having to own a bond, loan or other type of borrowed money obligation of such Reference Entity. 
An investment in Index Skew Notes or Credit Linked Notes is, therefore, not equivalent to an investment 
in the obligations of a Reference Entity.  
However, unlike Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event occurs in relation to a Reference Entity 
referenced under both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, the Index Skew Notes will not redeem early. 
Index Skew Notes are exposed to the value of the underlying hypothetical credit derivative transactions 
only where they are early redeemed (and not otherwise during the term of such Notes). As such, an 
investor in an Index Skew Note is not a seller of credit protection and, accordingly, Index Skew Notes 
are not Credit Linked Notes. 
What are the Hypothetical Skew Transactions? 
Each Series of Index Skew Notes will reference two Hypothetical Skew Transactions, namely, a 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction (i.e. an index untranched credit derivative transaction) and 
a Hypothetical Single Name Set (i.e. a set of single name credit derivative transactions, with each single 
name transaction corresponding to an underlying Reference Entity constituent of the corresponding 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction). The Hypothetical Skew Transactions are credit derivative 
transactions that are deemed to be entered into by the Issuer and a hypothetical swap counterparty and

--- Page 978 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
952 
 
intended to be traded on the basis of the 2014 ISDA Definitions (subject to certain amendments as set 
out in the Index Skew Conditions) and other standard terms for similar over-the-counter credit derivative 
transactions.  
The Issuer will be the buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical Skew Transaction (for which 
the hypothetical swap counterparty will be the seller of credit protection) and the seller of credit 
protection under the other Hypothetical Skew Transaction (for which the hypothetical swap counterparty 
will be the buyer of credit protection). The hypothetical payment obligations of the Issuer and the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty, where applicable, in connection with a Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date 
and related Fixed Amounts, the Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date, as applicable, with 
respect to the occurrence of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date in respect of a 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and an off-setting Hypothetical Single Name Transaction 
will be equal and opposite. Accordingly, payment netting will apply to such hypothetical payment 
obligations resulting in no net amount being hypothetically payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical 
Swap Counterparty or vice versa under or in connection with the Index Skew Notes.  
What are the different timings for, and nature of, payouts that are contemplated under the Index Skew 
Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on whether 
redemption of the Index Skew Notes occurs (a) at maturity in the ordinary course (see further "When will 
the Index Skew Notes be ordinarily redeemed at maturity?" below), or (b) pursuant to the occurrence of 
an event (other than a Credit Event) triggering early redemption (see further "When may the Issuer 
redeem the Index Skew Notes early?" below). 
When will the Index Skew Notes be ordinarily redeemed at maturity? 
In the ordinary course and PROVIDED THAT the Index Skew Notes are not otherwise redeemed early 
or purchased and cancelled, each Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date at par. 
What happens if a Credit Event occurs? 
If one or more Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates occur in respect of the Reference 
Entities referenced by both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, this will not result in an early redemption 
of the Index Skew Notes.  
Under the Index Skew Conditions, an Event Determination Date will only occur in relation to a 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction where a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and a DC 
Credit Event Announcement is made in relation to any Reference Entity under such Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction. Depending on the Settlement Method elected under the terms of the Hypothetical Skew 
Transactions, following the occurrence of a Credit Event, an Auction Settlement Amount or a Cash 
Settlement Amount, as applicable, will be calculated under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
However, the payment under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to 
the application of payment netting and, accordingly, there will be no amount payable by the Issuer (where 
it is seller of credit protection) or to the Issuer (where it is buyer of credit protection). In such case, the 
Index Skew Note will not redeem early and, PROVIDED THAT the Index Skew Notes are not otherwise 
redeemed early or repurchased and cancelled, each Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date at par. 
The occurrence of one or more Credit Events in respect of the Reference Entities referenced by both 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions will not impact the accrual of interest on the Index Skew Notes or result 
in any writedown of its outstanding aggregate nominal amount. Accordingly, interest will continue to be 
paid to investors as per usual until maturity.  
If the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved 
that a different entity or entities has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity 
referenced by both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, then such entity/ies may be identified as a 
"Successor" to the original Reference Entity. The Index Sponsor may also identify one or more 
Successors in relation to any Reference Entity under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, the 
identification of such Successor will also be deemed to apply to the relevant Hypothetical Single Name

--- Page 979 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
953 
 
Transaction relating to such Reference Entity. In such circumstances, the identification of Successors or 
the occurrence of any Credit Event in respect of such Successors shall not impact the payment of interest, 
if any, and principal under the Index Skew Notes or result in early redemption of such Index Skew Notes. 
When may the Issuer redeem the Index Skew Notes early? 
Following the occurrence of certain events (see further "Which events may trigger an early redemption 
of the Index Skew Notes?"), the Issuer may early redeem each Index Skew Note in full on the Early 
Termination Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, by payment of an amount equal to its pro 
rata share of the Index Skew Early Termination Amount with no further payment of principal or interest, 
if applicable, due in respect of such Index Skew Notes. The Index Skew Early Termination Amount is 
an amount determined with respect to the Index Skew Notes in the Settlement Currency and which 
reflects the par value of the Index Skew Notes (together with accrued, but unpaid, interest up to, but 
excluding the date for early redemption), plus or minus the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, less 
any unwind costs.  
The Hypothetical Swap Termination Value reflects the termination payment that is determined to be 
payable in respect of each Hypothetical Skew Transaction following an early termination of the 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions due to an early redemption of the Index Skew Notes. Such amount shall 
be negative where the termination payment is hypothetically owed by the hypothetical swap counterparty 
to the Issuer and shall be positive where the termination payment is hypothetically owed by the Issuer to 
the hypothetical swap counterparty. The market value of the Index Skew Notes may be volatile since the 
Notes are exposed to the Hypothetical Skew Transactions which typically have a larger aggregate 
notional amount than the aggregate notional amount of the Index Skew Notes. Accordingly, any Index 
Skew Early Termination Amount will be linked to, among other things, the difference between the 
pricing of credit protection on the relevant Index referenced by the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the constituent single name Reference Entities that comprise such Index. The value of 
the Index Skew Early Termination Amount will account for interest that has accrued up to (but excluding) 
the Early Termination Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, and there will be no further 
payments of interest to investors after such date.  
Which events may trigger an early redemption of the Index Skew Notes?  
The Index Skew Notes may be early redeemed by the Issuer following the occurrence of (a) certain tax 
events with respect to the Index Skew Notes, (b) certain events which make it unlawful for the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Guarantor to perform certain obligations or comply with material provisions of 
agreements entered into in connection with the Index Skew Notes, (c) certain events occur which 
materially restrict the Issuer's and/or relevant Guarantor's ability to perform certain obligations in 
connection with the Index Skew Notes or cause the Issuer and/or the relevant Guarantor to be subject to 
less favourable capital adequacy treatment or suffer increased costs with respect to the Notes, (d) certain 
early termination events occur in respect of relevant Underlying(s) or the Notes (see below), (e) certain 
Events of Default, (f) an exercise by the Issuer of its call option in respect of the Index Skew Notes (if 
"Issuer Call" is applicable), (g) in certain cases and if applicable an Administrator/Benchmark Event or 
certain other benchmark events, (h) a Realisation Disruption Event or (i) a RMB Disruption Event. 
An early termination event may occur where, among other things, (a) certain events have occurred and 
the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made to the 
Conditions to account for the effect of such event, (b) the Issuer and/or Guarantors become subject to 
any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code with respect to the 
Notes or a hedging disruption early termination event occurs, (c) in respect of certain Notes, certain 
events relating to Underlying(s) and/or hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes occur, in each case, 
where applicable in respect of the Notes.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Securityholders do not have a right to 
require the Issuer to redeem their Index Skew Notes early.

--- Page 980 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
954 
 
ANNEX: WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The worked examples below are in respect of Index Skew Notes and are included for illustrative purposes 
only and should not be relied upon. They are not an indication of the likely performance of, or amounts 
payable in respect of, the Index Skew Notes. The inclusion or absence of any assumption or any other 
feature in any worked example in this Annex is not an indication that such assumption or feature will or 
will not exist in any Index Skew Note. Prospective investors should conduct their own independent review 
and obtain such professional advice as they deem appropriate prior to any investment in the Index Skew 
Notes. 
All amounts in this Annex are denominated in EUR. 
General assumptions: All examples below assume that an investor invests 10,000 in a single Index Skew 
Note with a face value of 10,000, which is linked to two hypothetical credit derivative transactions, being 
(i) a "Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction" which references an Eligible Index comprising 100 
equally weighted Reference Entities, R1 to R100 and (ii) a "Hypothetical Single Name Set" comprising 
100 hypothetical single name transactions in respect of the same 100 Reference Entities (R1 to R100), 
with each single name transaction corresponding to one Reference Entity constituent of the 
corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction (together, the "hypothetical transactions").  
(i) 
REDEMPTION AT MATURITY IN THE ORDINARY COURSE 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
no Credit Event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(d) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; 
and 
(e) 
there are no unwind costs. 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
(b) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew Note 
(10,000); and 
(c) 
on the Maturity Date, the Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full at its Index Skew 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original investment (10,000), minus any 
adjustments, amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Index Skew Note of such Series 
on or prior to such date (0)). 
An amount equal to 10,000 will be payable to the investor.  
(ii) 
REDEMPTION AT MATURITY (OCCURRENCE OF A CREDIT EVENT OTHER 
THAN AN M(M)R RESTRUCTURING) 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method under the hypothetical 
transactions; 
(c) 
a Bankruptcy Credit Event occurs in respect of R15;

--- Page 981 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
955 
 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(e) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; 
and 
(f) 
there are no unwind costs. 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the Bankruptcy Credit Event in respect of R15:  
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew 
Note (10,000) (i.e. there will be no writedown of the notional amount or suspension in 
interest payment); 
(ii) 
an Auction Settlement Amount will be calculated under each hypothetical transaction 
in respect of R15 in accordance with its terms and on the Auction Settlement Date, 
payment of such Auction Settlement Amount by the Issuer under the Hypothetical 
Index Untranched Transaction will be fully netted against the payment of the Auction 
Settlement Amount due to it under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(iii) 
the Index Skew Note will not early redeem; and 
(c) 
on the Maturity Date, the Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full at the Index Skew 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original investment (10,000), minus any 
adjustments, amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Index Skew Note of such Series 
on or prior to such date (0)). 
An amount equal to 10,000 will be payable to the investor.  
(iii) 
REDEMPTION AT MATURITY (OCCURRENCE OF AN M(M)R RESTRUCTURING) 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
Cash Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method under the hypothetical transactions; 
(c) 
an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of part of R8; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(e) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; 
and 
(f) 
there are no unwind costs. 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event in respect of R8:  
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew 
Note (10,000) (i.e. there will be no writedown of the notional amount or suspension in 
interest payment); 
(ii) 
although the M(M)R Restructuring may have occurred only in respect of part of the 
Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount of R8, it will be deemed that that the M(M)R

--- Page 982 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
956 
 
Restructuring occurred in respect of the full Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount 
of R8;  
(iii) 
a Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated under each hypothetical transaction in 
respect of R8 in accordance with its terms and on the Cash Settlement Date, payment 
of such Cash Settlement Amount by the Issuer under the Hypothetical Single Name 
Set will be fully netted against the payment of the Auction Settlement Amount due to 
it under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction; 
(iv) 
the Index Skew Note will not early redeem; and 
(c) 
on the Maturity Date, the Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full at the Index Skew 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original investment (10,000), minus any 
adjustments, amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Index Skew Note of such Series 
on or prior to such date (0)).  
An amount equal to 10,000 will be payable to the investor.  
(iv) 
REDEMPTION AT MATURITY (OCCURRENCE OF MULTIPLE CREDIT EVENTS) 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method under the hypothetical 
transactions; 
(c) 
a Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs in respect of R67; 
(d) 
a second Credit Event (i.e. an M(M)R Restructuring) occurs in respect of part of R95; 
(e) 
a third Credit Event (i.e. an Obligation Acceleration) occurs in respect of R2; 
(f) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(g) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; 
and 
(h) 
there are no unwind costs. 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the Credit Events in respect of R67, R95 and R2, in each case: 
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew 
Note (10,000) (i.e. there will be no writedown of the notional amount or suspension in 
interest payment); 
(ii) 
an Auction Settlement Amount will be calculated under each hypothetical transaction 
in respect of R67, R95 (and, for such purpose, although the M(M)R Restructuring may 
have occurred only in respect of part of the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount 
of R95, it will be deemed that that the M(M)R Restructuring occurred in respect of the 
full Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount of R95) in accordance with its terms and 
on the Auction Settlement Date, payment of such Auction Settlement Amount by the 
Issuer under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction will be fully netted 
against the payment of the Auction Settlement Amount due to it under the Hypothetical 
Single Name Set; 
(iii) 
the Index Skew Note will not early redeem; and

--- Page 983 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
957 
 
(c) 
on the Maturity Date, the Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full at the Index Skew 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original investment (10,000), minus any 
adjustments, amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Index Skew Note of such Series 
on or prior to such date (0)).  
An amount equal to 10,000 will be payable to the investor.  
(v) 
REDEMPTION ON THE EARLY TERMINATION DATE (OCCURRENCE OF 
EARLY TERMINATION EVENT ONLY) 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
no Credit Event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
an early termination event (e.g. an Obligor Regulatory Event) occurs in respect of the 
Index Skew Note;  
(e) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; 
and 
(f) 
unwind costs of 100 are determined. 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; and 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the early termination event: 
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew 
Note (10,000) only up to (but excluding) the Early Termination Date and such unpaid 
interest amount will constitute 'x'; 
(ii) 
the hypothetical transactions will also terminate early and, in this case, we assume that 
an amount of 'y' (expressed as a positive number) is payable by the Issuer to the 
hypothetical swap counterparty as a result of such early termination; 
(iii) 
on the Early Termination Date, the Index Skew Note will be early redeemed in full at 
the Index Skew Early Termination Amount (Original Investment (10,000), plus 
accrued, but unpaid, interest (x), minus Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, if 
payable by Issuer (y), plus absolute value of Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, if 
payable to Issuer (0), minus unwind costs (100)).  
An amount equal to (10,000 + x – y – 100) will be payable to the investor.  
(vi) 
REDEMPTION ON THE EARLY TERMINATION DATE (OCCURRENCE OF 
EARLY TERMINATION EVENT AND CREDIT EVENT) 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
Cash Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method under the hypothetical transactions; 
(c) 
an Obligation Default Credit Event occurs in respect of R77; 
(d) 
a Governmental Intervention Credit Event occurs in respect of R100;

--- Page 984 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
958 
 
(e) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(f) 
an early termination event (e.g. a Section 871(m) Event) occurs in respect of the Index 
Skew Note;  
(g) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; 
and 
(h) 
unwind costs of 100 are determined. 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the Credit Events in respect of R77 and R100, in each case: 
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew 
Note (10,000) (i.e. there will be no writedown of the notional amount or suspension in 
interest payment); 
(ii) 
a Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated under each hypothetical transaction in 
respect of R77 and R100 in accordance with its terms and on the Cash Settlement Date, 
payment of such Cash Settlement Amount by the Issuer under the Hypothetical Single 
Name Set will be fully netted against the payment of the Auction Settlement Amount 
due to it under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction; 
(iii) 
the Index Skew Note will not early redeem; and 
(c) 
following the occurrence of the early termination event: 
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew 
Note (10,000) only up to (but excluding) the Early Termination Date and such unpaid 
interest amount will constitute 'x'; 
(ii) 
the hypothetical transactions will also terminate early and, in this case, we assume that 
an amount of 'y' (expressed as a negative number) is payable to the Issuer by the 
hypothetical swap counterparty as a result of such early termination; 
(iii) 
on the Early Termination Date, the Index Skew Note will be early redeemed in full at 
the Index Skew Early Termination Amount (Original Investment (10,000), plus 
accrued, but unpaid, interest (x), minus Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, if 
payable by Issuer (0), plus absolute value of Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, if 
payable to Issuer (y), minus unwind costs (100)).  
An amount equal to (10,000 + x + y – 100) will be payable to the investor.

--- Page 985 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
959 
 
PART B: INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
The provisions set out in this Part B are the conditions (the "Index Skew Conditions") that will apply to 
the Notes if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Index Skew Notes" are applicable (the "Index Skew 
Notes"). These Index Skew Conditions apply as completed by the applicable Final Terms or as 
completed, modified and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In the 
case of any inconsistency between these Index Skew Conditions and the General Conditions, these Index 
Skew Conditions will prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in bold and 
italicised shall not form part of the Index Skew Conditions. 
Words and expressions defined or used in the applicable Issue Terms shall have the same meanings where 
used in these Index Skew Conditions or General Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2014 ISDA Definitions are 
incorporated into and will apply to these Index Skew Conditions. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Index Skew Conditions or elsewhere in the General Conditions applicable to the Index 
Skew Notes will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Issue Terms. References in these 
Index Skew Conditions to "Index Skew Notes" are to the Index Skew Notes, as the case may be, of one 
Series only, not to all Index Skew Notes that may be issued under the Programme.  
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Index Skew Conditions to an Index Skew Condition are 
to the corresponding provision of these Index Skew Conditions. 
1. 
Principal and Interest Payouts on Index Skew Notes 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Skew Notes are Notes pursuant to which the Issuer is deemed to have hypothetically 
entered into two separate Hypothetical Skew Transactions (together referred to as an Index 
Skew Position) under which the Issuer is a buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the other Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction, such that following the occurrence of a Credit Event in respect of a Reference 
Entity referenced under both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, the Issuer's exposure under both 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions taken together offset each other. As a result, the payments 
required to be made by or to the Issuer under such Hypothetical Skew Transactions are intended 
to be zero due to the application of payment netting. 
However, if the Hypothetical Skew Transactions were to terminate early due to an early 
redemption of the Index Skew Notes, a termination payment would be determined in respect of 
each Hypothetical Skew Transaction and this may result in an amount being payable either to 
or by the Issuer. Such amount, less any unwind costs, will be reflected in the amount payable to 
Securityholders upon the early redemption of the Index Skew Notes.  
(b) 
Accrual of Interest  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that interest is payable in respect of Index Skew Notes, 
then interest shall accrue on the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount in 
accordance with General Condition 4 (Interest) from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the earlier of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date; and (b) 
an Early Termination Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, which results in the 
Index Skew Notes being redeemed in full, and payment of the relevant interest amount shall be 
made on such date. The occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference 
Entity referenced by the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions shall not result in a writedown 
of the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to accrue and be payable on the Index 
Skew Notes as above regardless of the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect 
of a Reference Entity referenced by the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions. No interest 
shall accrue on any Index Skew Note on or after the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 986 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
960 
 
(c) 
Redemption on the Maturity Date  
Unless the Index Skew Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled 
by the Issuer, each outstanding Index Skew Note shall be redeemed in accordance with General 
Condition 6(a) (Final Redemption or Termination).  
(d) 
Early termination of the Index Skew Notes 
The Early Termination Amount or Optional Redemption Amount expressed to be payable in 
respect of any early redemption of the Notes pursuant to the General Conditions or the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule shall be the Index Skew Early Termination Amount.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of one or more Credit Events in respect of the 
Reference Entities referenced by each Hypothetical Skew Transaction will not result in the 
early redemption of the Index Skew Notes and no actual amounts will be payable to the 
Securityholders under or in connection with the Index Skew Notes. In such circumstance, 
the payment under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due 
to the application of payment netting.  
2. 
Entry into an Index Skew Position 
(a) 
On the Issue Date, the Issuer is deemed to have entered into an Index Skew Position with the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty. 
(b) 
An "Index Skew Position" will be constituted by the following Hypothetical Skew 
Transactions: 
(i) 
a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction; and 
(ii) 
a Hypothetical Single Name Set, 
PROVIDED THAT the Issuer shall be the buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the other Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction. 
(c) 
In each Index Skew Position, the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and Hypothetical 
Single Name Set will be referred to as "related" or "corresponding" to each other, and the 
relevant Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and Hypothetical Single Name 
Transactions will be the "constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions" in respect of such 
Index Skew Position.  
(d) 
In order to preserve the equal and opposite effect of each Hypothetical Skew Transaction, save 
in the case of any calculation relating to the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, any 
determination or action taken by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer under any Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction shall be deemed to be a determination or action taken under the other 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction and where relevant, in equal amounts. 
3. 
Initial Payment and Offsetting Settlements 
(a) 
No Initial Payment Amount will be made by the Issuer or the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty 
on the Issue Date. 
(b) 
(The hypothetical payment obligations of the Issuer and the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty 
(where applicable) in connection with a Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date and related Fixed 
Amounts, the Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable) with respect to 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date in respect of a 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and an off-setting Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction will be equal and opposite, and therefore no net amount in respect thereof would be 
hypothetically payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or vice versa under 
or in connection with the Index Skew Notes as a result thereof due to the application of payment 
netting.

--- Page 987 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
961 
 
4. 
Applicable Event Determination Date 
Notwithstanding the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions or anything to the contrary 
contained in the Hypothetical Skew Confirmation, an Event Determination Date will only occur 
in relation to the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transaction where: 
(a) 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and a DC Credit Event Announcement is 
made in relation to any Reference Entity under the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transaction; 
or 
(b) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered, or deemed to have been delivered, by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer (and, in turn, the Issuer will be deemed to have delivered such Credit Event Notice 
to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty). 
5. 
Cash Settlement 
Where "Fallback Settlement" applies, the Calculation Agent may (but shall not be obliged to) 
apply Cash Settlement to determine the Final Price for the relevant component of the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and the corresponding Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction referencing the same Reference Entity. In such circumstances, the Cash Settlement 
Amount relating to the relevant component of the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction 
and the corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Transaction referencing the same Reference 
Entity shall be determined on the basis of the same quotation resulting in the same Final Price. 
6. 
Merger of Reference Entity and Seller 
Section 11.4 (Merger of Reference Entity and Seller) of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions will not apply to any Hypothetical Skew Transaction.  
7. 
M(M)R Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity referenced 
by the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transaction, the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer under 
each Hypothetical Skew Transaction may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to 
such M(M)R Restructuring. Where the relevant Reference Entity is subject to a partial M(M)R 
Restructuring, the Calculation Agent will be required to deliver to the Issuer a Credit Event 
Notice for the portion of the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount in respect of such 
Reference Entity with respect to each Hypothetical Skew Transaction and such amount shall be 
deemed to be the Exercise Amount, PROVIDED THAT where a full M(M)R Restructuring has 
occurred, the Exercise Amount will be the total Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Reference Entity (and not a portion thereof) with respect to each Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction, and in such case, a single Credit Event Notice for the total Floating Rate 
Payer Calculation Amount will be deemed to have been delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer (and, in turn, in each case, the Issuer will be deemed to have delivered such Credit 
Event Notice to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty).  
8. 
Successors 
(a) 
Following a succession, if more than one Successor has been identified in relation to any 
Reference Entity under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction pursuant to Section 2.2 (Provisions 
for Determining a Successor) of the Credit Derivatives Definitions, each such Successor will be 
a Reference Entity (a "Successor Reference Entity") for the purposes of the constituent 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions referencing such Reference Entity (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the original Reference Entity shall cease to be a Reference Entity except where it is a 
Successor Reference Entity). 
(b) 
In the case where the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee does not identify any 
Successor in relation to any Reference Entity under a relevant Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction and the Index Sponsor identifies one or more Successors in relation to any 
Reference Entity under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, the identification of 
such Successor will also be deemed to apply to the relevant Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction relating to such Reference Entity.

--- Page 988 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
962 
 
9. 
Reference Obligations 
Where there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a 
replacement Reference Obligation in relation to any Reference Entity under the Hypothetical 
Index Untranched Transaction, the identification of such Reference Obligation will also be 
deemed to apply to the relevant Hypothetical Single Name Transaction. Where a Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation applies to the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions, the same Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will apply with respect to the relevant Reference Entity for the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and each Hypothetical Single Name Transaction in 
the related Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
10. 
Changes in determination 
If any matter to be determined by a party hereunder has also been determined by the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee then such party may, in its sole discretion, make 
its determination or change any determination previously made by it so as to be consistent with 
the relevant determination of such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, PROVIDED 
THAT any such determination or change in determination shall be applied equally to the 
constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions in order to achieve the same economic effect under 
each such Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
11. 
Deemed changes to the Index Annex  
If there are deemed changes to the Index Annex with respect to the Eligible Index, the same 
changes shall be applied equally to the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions in order to 
achieve the same economic effect under each such Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
12. 
Optional Early Redemption 
If the Issuer exercises its option to early redeem the Index Skew Notes in accordance with 
General Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), then notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in the Conditions, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be the Index Skew 
Early Termination Amount.  
13. 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Index Skew Notes should be read in conjunction 
with the Index Skew Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Index Skew 
Conditions, they will have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions. 
"2014 ISDA Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published 
by ISDA, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Eligible Index" means, in respect of a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, any credit 
index as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion and as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
"Eligible Index Annex" means the list of constituents of the relevant Eligible Index with the 
relevant Eligible Index Annex Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Eligible Index Annex Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap Confirmation" means a confirmation in respect of 
and evidencing a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction that: 
(a) 
is deemed to be documented under the "Documentation Form" specified in the Issue 
Terms;  
(b) 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions and any relevant supplements set out in the 
Issue Terms; and

--- Page 989 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
963 
 
(c) 
with respect to any Reference Entity referenced in the Eligible Index, has the terms as 
set out in the "Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction General Terms" as specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction" means a hypothetical index untranched credit 
derivative transaction under which the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection (where the Issuer 
is the seller of credit protection under the corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Set) or the 
seller of credit protection (where the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the 
corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Set) that: 
(a) 
references an Eligible Index with a Scheduled Termination Date as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
is denominated in the currency in which such Eligible Index trades; and 
(c) 
has an Original Notional Amount set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement" means a hypothetical single agreement in the pre-
printed form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule thereto hypothetically entered 
into between the Issuer and the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty on the Issue Date, with the 
following elections in such Schedule: 
(a) 
Termination Currency is the Settlement Currency of the Index Skew Notes; 
(b) 
the governing law is English law; and  
(c) 
the Calculation Agent is specified as the "Calculation Agent". 
"Hypothetical Single Name Set" means a set of Hypothetical Single Name Transactions. 
"Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation" means a confirmation in respect of and 
evidencing a Hypothetical Single Name Transaction that: 
(a) 
deemed to be documented under the "Documentation Form" specified in the Issue 
Terms; 
(b) 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions and any relevant supplements set out in the 
Issue Terms; and  
(c) 
with respect to any Reference Entity referenced in the Eligible Index, has the terms as 
set out in the "Hypothetical Single Name Transaction General Terms" as specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical Single Name Transaction" means a hypothetical single name credit derivative 
transaction under which the Issuer is either the buyer of credit protection (where the Issuer is 
the seller of credit protection under the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction) or the seller of credit protection (where the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection 
under the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction) that: 
(a) 
references one of the Reference Entities and related Reference Obligation contained in 
the Eligible Index referenced by the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and specified as one of the Reference Entities in the Hypothetical Index 
Untranched Swap Confirmation; 
(b) 
in aggregate, together with other constituent Hypothetical Single Name Transactions 
in the relevant Hypothetical Single Name Set, offset the exposure of the corresponding 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction;  
(c) 
is denominated in the currency in which such Eligible Index trades; 
(d) 
has the same Scheduled Termination Date as the Eligible Index; and

--- Page 990 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
964 
 
(e) 
has a Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount equal to the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the same Reference Entity referenced by the corresponding Hypothetical 
Index Untranched Transaction. 
"Hypothetical Skew Confirmation" means the Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap 
Confirmation and the Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation, each of which will be 
deemed to supplement, form part of and be subject to, the Hypothetical ISDA Master 
Agreement. 
"Hypothetical Skew Transaction" means, at any time, the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and each Hypothetical Single Name Transaction within the Hypothetical Single 
Name Set, to the extent outstanding at such time. Each outstanding Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction, as evidenced by the Hypothetical Skew Confirmation will be deemed to constitute 
a Transaction under and for the purposes of the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement for as 
long as it is outstanding (and shall be the only Transactions under the Hypothetical ISDA Master 
Agreement).  
"Hypothetical Swap Counterparty" means a hypothetical entity with materially the same 
market, accounting, tax and regulatory profile as Citibank, N.A. (or one of its branches), 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited or such other entity as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical Swap Termination Value" means an amount (which may be positive or 
negative), denominated in the Settlement Currency and determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Early Termination Date (as designated pursuant to paragraph (b) of this definition below) 
equal to the amount which would hypothetically be payable in connection with Section 6(e) 
(Payments on Early Termination) of the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement as if: 
(a) 
an Additional Termination Event had occurred in respect of which the Issuer is the sole 
Affected Party and all Transactions are Affected Transactions;  
(b) 
in connection with such Additional Termination Event, the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty had validly designated a day during the period on and from the date of 
the event or circumstance giving rise to the early redemption of the Index Skew Notes 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions to but excluding the Early Termination Date or 
the Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, as an Early Termination Date; and  
(c) 
there were no Unpaid Amounts as of such Early Termination Date or Optional 
Redemption Date, as applicable.  
The Hypothetical Swap Termination Value will be expressed as (x) a negative number if it 
would be hypothetically payable by the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, and (y) 
a positive number if it would hypothetically be payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty. The terms "Additional Termination Event", "Affected Party", "Affected 
Transactions", "Early Termination Date", "Transactions" and "Unpaid Amounts" will have the 
meaning given to them in the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement. 
"Index Skew Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of each Index Skew Note, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to a minimum of zero) in the Settlement 
Currency equal to such Index Skew Note's pro rata share of: 
(a) 
the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(b) 
accrued, but unpaid, interest on such Index Skew Notes to (but excluding) the Early 
Termination Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable; minus 
(c) 
the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value; minus 
(d) 
unwind costs, if any, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 991 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
965 
 
"Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, in respect of Index Skew 
Notes, on any day, an amount equal to the original aggregate nominal amount of such Index 
Skew Notes, as adjusted for any partial redemptions, amortisations, cancellations or further 
issues of the Index Skew Notes of such Series on or prior to such date. 
"Index Skew Position" has the meaning given to it in Index Skew Condition 2 (Entry into an 
Index Skew Position).

--- Page 992 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS CONDITIONS 
966 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS CONDITIONS  
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to Warrants which are specified to be Credit Linked Warrants in 
the applicable Issue Terms (Credit Linked Warrants). The terms defined in this Underlying Schedule 
shall only apply in respect of Credit Linked Warrants. 
Credit Warrants may only be issued by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. and may 
only be represented by a Regulation S Global Security. 
1. 
Definitions 
"2014 Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA® Credit Derivatives Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA").  
"Buyer" has the meaning given under the Notional Transaction and, where the Notional 
Transaction is specified to be an Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing Supplement, includes 
the Swaption Buyer. 
"Cash Settlement Amount" means, in respect of an Exercise Date and for the purposes of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 (Exercise and Settlement) and unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to a pro rata 
share of the Notional Transaction Settlement Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Credit Linked Adjustment Event" means: 
(a) 
following the occurrence of a Substitution Event under a Notional Transaction, a 
Reference Obligation no longer exists or no Substitute Reference Obligation is 
determined; or 
(b) 
any existing Hedging Positions, or the ability of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate to enter 
into new Hedging Positions, are affected by any change in any standard terms used in 
any relevant market (such standard terms including, without limitation, any version of 
the 2014 Definitions, any supplements thereto or any other terms or documentation 
that may be published by ISDA from time to time, and such a change including, 
without limitation, any amendment to or reinterpretation of any standard terms or the 
publication or introduction of new standard terms) or in market practice in any relevant 
market. 
"Exercise Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Credit Linked Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the 
Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single Name CDS in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement: 
(i) 
following delivery of one or more Trigger Notices in respect of an M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event which are deemed to specify an Exercise Amount 
of less than the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount under the Notional 
Transaction, the Business Day following (a) each Event Determination Date 
(as defined under the Notional Transaction) which occurs under the Notional 
Transaction and (b) the last date on which an Event Determination Date could 
occur under the Notional Transaction; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Business Day following either (a) if an Event Determination 
Date occurs under the Notional Transaction, the Event Determination Date or 
(b) the last date on which an Event Determination Date could occur under the 
Notional Transaction. 
(b) 
in respect of Credit Linked Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the 
Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Business Day following (a) each Event Determination Date which 
occurs under the Notional Transaction and (b) the last date on which an Event

--- Page 993 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS CONDITIONS 
967 
 
Determination Date (as defined under the Notional Transaction) could occur under the 
Notional Transaction. 
(c) 
in respect of Credit Linked Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the 
Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Business Day prior to the Expiration Date under the Notional 
Transaction. 
"Notional Auction Settlement Amount" means, in respect of a Notional Transaction where 
the Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single Name CDS or an Index CDS in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Auction Settlement Amount payable under the Notional 
Transaction. 
"Notional Cash Settlement Amount" means, in respect of a Notional Transaction where the 
Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single Name CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the Cash Settlement Amount payable under the Notional Transaction. 
"Notional Transaction" means a hypothetical credit default swap or index swaption or other 
transaction (as described in the applicable Pricing Supplement) with the Swap Counterparty on 
the Notional Transaction Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, such Notional Transaction shall 
include any "New Trade" entered into pursuant to the terms of any Index CDS. 
"Notional Transaction Settlement Amount" means, in respect of an Exercise Date, the 
Notional Auction Settlement Amount, the Notional Cash Settlement Amount or the Notional 
Unwind Amount, as applicable, payable under the Notional Transaction relating to such 
Exercise Date or, if none, zero. 
"Notional Transaction Terms" means a swap confirmation substantially in the form annexed 
to the applicable Pricing Supplement forming part of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement between 
the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty, documented on the basis that the Notional Transaction is 
the single transaction under such Master Agreement. 
"Notional Unwind Amount" means, in respect of a Notional Transaction where the Notional 
Transaction is specified to be an Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing Supplement, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount (if any) which would be 
payable by the Swaption Seller to the Swaption Buyer (expressed as an amount in the Settlement 
Currency) under the Notional Transaction in the event that the Notional Transaction is 
terminated on the Exercise Date of the Warrants and on the basis that the Swaption Seller was 
not the Affected Party. 
"Seller" has the meaning given under the Notional Transaction and, where the Notional 
Transaction is specified to be an Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing Supplement, includes 
the Swaption Seller. 
"Settlement Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Credit Linked Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the 
Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single Name CDS in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Settlement Date (as defined under the Notional Transaction) relating 
to the relevant Event Determination Date or, if none, the Exercise Date. 
(b) 
in respect of Credit Linked Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the 
Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Settlement Date (as defined under the Notional Transaction) relating 
to the relevant Event Determination Date or, if none, the Exercise Date. 
(c) 
in respect of Credit Linked Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the 
Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement following the Exercise Date. 
"Swap Counterparty" means the entity specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 994 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS CONDITIONS 
968 
 
"Threshold Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Trigger Notice" means, in respect of a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction 
is specified to be a Single Name CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, a 
notice from a Warrantholder to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent delivered in the form 
attached to the applicable Pricing Supplement in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 10 
(Notices to Issuer and Calculation Agent) below either: 
(a) 
describing a relevant Credit Event and containing information that, in the 
determination of such Warrantholder, constitutes Publicly Available Information in 
relation to that Credit Event (for which purposes references in the definition of Publicly 
Available Information to "Credit Event Notice" will be deemed to be to "Trigger 
Notice" and references to "Notifying Party" will be deemed to be to the relevant 
Warrantholder). The Trigger Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of 
the facts relevant to the determination that the relevant Credit Event has occurred and 
a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Trigger Notice need not be 
continuing on the date the Trigger Notice is effective. 
A Warrantholder may only deliver a Trigger Notice in respect of a Credit Event if: 
(i) 
Buyer has the right to deliver a Credit Event Notice with respect to the 
relevant event under the Notional Transaction; and 
(ii) 
where if Restructuring is the Credit Event the subject of the relevant Trigger 
Notice, the Trigger Notice is delivered on or prior to the second Business Day 
prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date applicable to Buyer under the Notional 
Transaction; or 
(b) 
describing a relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and containing information 
that, in the determination of such Warrantholder, constitutes Publicly Available 
Information in relation to that Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (for which purposes 
references 
in 
the 
definition 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information 
to 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" will be deemed to be to "Trigger Notice" 
and references to "Notifying Party" will be deemed to be to the relevant 
Warrantholder). The Trigger Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of 
the 
facts 
relevant 
to 
the 
determination 
that 
the 
relevant 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred, indicating the date of the occurrence, and a 
copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Trigger 
Notice need not be continuing on the date the Trigger Notice is effective. A 
Warrantholder may only deliver a Trigger Notice in respect of a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium if Buyer has the right to deliver a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice with respect to the relevant event under the Notional Transaction and 
the Trigger Notice is delivered on or prior to the day falling 12 calendar days after the 
Scheduled Termination Date of the Notional Transaction. 
Terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall be as defined in the relevant Notional 
Transaction. 
2. 
Exercise and Settlement 
(a) 
Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is 
specified to be a Single Name CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and subject as 
provided below, Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional 
Transaction is specified to be a Single Name CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
shall be European Style Warrants which are Cash Settled Warrants and the provisions 
of General Condition 5(a)(ii) shall apply thereto.

--- Page 995 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS CONDITIONS 
969 
 
If Trigger Notice(s) is/are submitted in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring and 
pursuant to Credit Condition 4(d) below such Trigger Notices are deemed to specify 
an Exercise Amount of less than the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount under 
the Notional Transaction, notwithstanding that the Credit Warrants relate to a Single 
Name CDS, such Warrants shall instead be deemed to be Multiple Exercise Cash 
Settled Warrants and the provisions of General Condition 5(a)(iii) shall apply thereto. 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices) if the Warrants become Multiple Exercise Warrants pursuant 
to the above. 
Automatic Exercise shall apply in respect of Credit Warrants relating to a Single Name 
CDS. 
(b) 
Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is 
specified to be an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, Credit Warrants 
relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be an 
Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement shall be Multiple Exercise Cash 
Settled Warrants and the provisions of General Condition 5(a)(iii) shall apply thereto. 
Automatic Exercise shall apply in respect of Credit Warrants relating to a Notional 
Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index CDS in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(c) 
Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is 
specified to be an Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, Credit Warrants 
relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be an 
Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing Supplement shall be European Style Cash 
Settled Warrants and the provisions of General Condition 5(a)(ii) shall apply thereto. 
Automatic Exercise shall apply in respect of Credit Warrants relating to an Index 
Swaption. 
3. 
Determinations and Discretions 
The Warrants are linked to a hypothetical credit default swap or index swaption. For the 
purposes of making calculations under the Warrants, the Issuer is deemed on the Issue Date to 
have entered into the Notional Transaction with the Swap Counterparty on the Notional 
Transaction Terms. For the purposes of the Warrants, the Notional Transaction shall be 
construed as if it had been entered into on its terms. 
In the event that the terms of the Notional Transaction provide for Buyer, Seller or the 
Calculation Agent under the Notional Transaction (the Swap Calculation Agent) to make a 
determination or calculation or exercise a discretion pursuant to the Notional Transaction 
(including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, in respect of the valuation of 
Reference Obligations and the selection of Dealers for such purposes, the identification of any 
Successors (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the giving of any Successor Notice) and 
Substitute Reference Obligations and the occurrence of any Event Determination Date, in each 
case in accordance with the terms of the Notional Transaction), such determination, calculation 
or such exercise of a discretion, as the case may be, shall be made by (a) in respect English Law 
Warrants and Irish Law Warrants (i) in the case of Buyer (subject as provided in below), the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, (ii) in the case 
of Seller, the Calculation Agent acting in its sole and absolute discretion, or (iii) in the case of 
the Swap Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent acting in its sole and absolute discretion or 
(b) in respect of German Law Warrants, in the case of each of Buyer, Seller or the Swap 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent acting in its reasonable discretion (§ 317 BGB), in 
each case, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In making any determination 
pursuant to (a)(ii) above in its capacity as Seller under the Notional Transaction, the Calculation

--- Page 996 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS CONDITIONS 
970 
 
Agent shall act in its sole and absolute discretion, is under no obligation to consider the interests 
of the Warrantholders and shall have no duties or responsibilities and shall not be liable to 
Warrantholders or any other party in exercising such discretions and making such 
determinations and calculations. 
4. 
Notices under the Notional Transaction 
(a) 
In relation to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be 
a Single Name CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Calculation Agent will deliver a Credit Event Notice and a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information on behalf of Buyer pursuant to the Notional Transaction in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (g) below with respect to the Credit Event the subject 
of a Trigger Notice if: 
(i) 
one or more Warrantholder(s), together holding not less than the Threshold 
Percentage of Warrants outstanding, deliver(s) a valid Trigger Notice in 
respect of the relevant Credit Event in accordance with Credit Condition 10 
(Notices to Issuer and Calculation Agent) below; 
(ii) 
Trigger Notices in respect of not less than the Threshold Percentage number 
of Warrants are delivered not more than 50 calendar days after the occurrence 
of the Credit Event; and 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that information contained in the Trigger 
Notice constitutes Publicly Available Information in respect of the relevant 
Credit Event (for which purposes references in the definition of Publicly 
Available Information to "Credit Event Notice" will be deemed to be to 
"Trigger Notice" and references to "Notifying Party" will be deemed to be to 
the relevant Warrantholder) in relation to the relevant Credit Event. 
If Trigger Notices are delivered in respect of different Credit Events, the Credit Event 
in respect of which Trigger Notice(s) from Warrantholder(s) holding the Threshold 
Percentage of Warrants outstanding first delivered in accordance with Credit 
Condition 10 (Notices to Issuer and Calculation Agent) below will apply for the 
purposes of the Warrants. 
(b) 
In relation to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be 
a Single Name CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, if 
Repudiation/Moratorium is a Credit Event under the terms of the Notional Transaction, 
the Calculation Agent will deliver a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information on behalf of Buyer pursuant to the Notional 
Transaction in accordance with sub-paragraph (g) below with respect to a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium if one or more Warrantholders, together holding not less than 
the Threshold Percentage of Warrants outstanding, delivers valid Trigger Notices in 
respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium in accordance with Credit 
Condition 10 (Notices to Issuer and Calculation Agent) below on or prior to the day 
falling 12 calendar days after the Scheduled Termination Date of the Notional 
Transaction and the Calculation Agent determines that information contained in the 
Trigger Notice constitutes Publicly Available Information in respect of the relevant 
Credit Event (for which purposes references in the definition of Publicly Available 
Information to "Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" will be deemed to be to "Trigger 
Notice" and references to "Notifying Party" will be deemed to be to the relevant 
Warrantholder) in relation to the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium Event. 
(c) 
In relation to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be 
a Single Name CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, if 
Restructuring is a Credit Event under the terms of the Notional Transaction and either 
"Mod R" or "Mod Mod R" applies, if the right to exercise the Movement Option applies 
under the Notional Transaction, both Buyer and Seller will be deemed to have 
delivered an effective Notice to Exercise Movement Option under the Notional 
Transaction on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date.

--- Page 997 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS CONDITIONS 
971 
 
(d) 
In relation to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be 
a Single Name CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, if, in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring under the Notional Transaction, more than one 
Warrantholder delivers a Trigger Notice in respect of such M(M)R Restructuring and 
any such Trigger Notice specifies an Exercise Amount of less than the Floating Rate 
Payer Calculation Amount under the Notional Transaction, then, subject as provided 
in Credit Condition 4(a) above, the Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be instructed 
to deliver a Credit Event Notice on behalf of Buyer in respect of the highest Exercise 
Amount specified in any such Trigger Notice received at or prior to the time the 
Threshold Percentage is achieved or, if any such Trigger Notice does not specify an 
Exercise Amount, the full amount of the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount 
under the Notional Transaction. 
(e) 
In the event that the terms of the Notional Transaction provide for Buyer, Seller and/or 
the Swap Calculation Agent to agree or consult with each other in respect of any 
calculation or determination in respect of the Notional Transaction, such obligation 
shall be deemed not to apply and to be replaced by the obligation of the Calculation 
Agent acting (i) in respect of English Law Warrants or Irish Law Warrants, in its sole 
and absolute discretion or (ii) in respect of German Law Warrants, in its reasonable 
discretion (§ 317 BGB) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, to 
make the relevant calculation or determination. 
(f) 
In the event that the terms of the Notional Transaction oblige Buyer, Seller or the Swap 
Calculation Agent to give or deliver a notice other than a Credit Event Notice, a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice or a Notice to Exercise Movement Option 
to any person, subject to any confidentiality restrictions as provided below, the 
Calculation Agent shall give or deliver such notice to the Issuer. Upon such delivery, 
the relevant notice shall be deemed to be validly given pursuant to the Notional 
Transaction. As soon as reasonably practicable after delivery of such notice to the 
Issuer and subject to any confidentiality restrictions as provided below, copies of any 
such notice shall be made available, upon request by any Warrantholder who provides 
evidence satisfactory to the Principal Warrant Agent of their holding of Warrants, at 
the specified office of the Principal Warrant Agent. 
(g) 
In relation to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be 
a Single Name CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of any Credit Event Notice, Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice or any Notice 
to Exercise Movement Option to be given pursuant to the terms of the Notional 
Transaction, subject to any confidentiality restrictions as provided below, the 
Calculation Agent shall deliver such notice to the Issuer. Upon such delivery, the 
relevant notice shall be deemed to be validly given pursuant to the Notional 
Transaction. As soon as reasonably practicable after delivery of such notice to the 
Issuer and subject to any confidentiality restrictions as provided below, a copy of such 
notice shall be delivered to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices). 
(h) 
Where the content of any notice relates to confidential information (which may include, 
inter alia, information relating to a Credit Event): (i) the Calculation Agent may require 
the Issuer and/or any Warrantholder to enter into a confidentiality agreement on such 
terms as the Calculation Agent may specify; or (ii) such notice may not be made 
available to the Issuer and/or any Warrantholder (as applicable). 
(i) 
The failure by the Calculation Agent to give or deliver any notice in relation to the 
Notional Transaction to the Warrantholders (whether or not such failure is attributable 
to confidentiality restrictions) shall not result in a breach of the Conditions or affect 
the validity of any notice (including any Credit Event Notice, Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice or any Notice to Exercise Movement Option) deemed to have been 
given pursuant to the Notional Transaction.

--- Page 998 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS CONDITIONS 
972 
 
5. 
Merger of Reference Entity and Seller 
In relation to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single 
Name CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the event that the Notional Transaction is 
terminated pursuant to Section 11.4 of the 2014 Definitions, the Issuer will cancel the Warrants 
by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) and pay, 
in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, each 
Unit, as the case may be, an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount on the Early 
Termination Date. Payments will be made in such manner and subject to such conditions as 
shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
6. 
Successors and New Trades 
Where (i) more than one Successor (as defined in the Notional Transaction) is determined 
pursuant to the Notional Transaction or (ii) if a "New Trade" is deemed to be entered into 
pursuant to the terms of any Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified 
to be an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent shall adjust 
such of the Conditions as it shall determine to be appropriate to reflect the corresponding 
division of, entry into and (if applicable) adjustment to the Notional Transaction and shall 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment(s), the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 giving details 
thereof and the proposed action to the taken in relation thereto. 
7. 
Suspension 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the necessary conditions for determining an Event 
Determination Date have occurred or may have occurred under the Notional Transaction, the 
Calculation Agent may, at its option, determine that the applicable timing requirements of the 
Conditions (including, without limitation, any exercise or settlement provisions and any other 
provisions of this Underlying Schedule) as determined by the Calculation Agent, shall toll and 
be suspended and remain suspended (such period of suspension, a Suspension Period) until the 
date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal. 
During such suspension period none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Warrantholder 
are obliged to, nor are they entitled to, take any action in connection with the exercise and/or 
settlement of the Credit Warrants. Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing requirements of these 
Conditions that have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume in the manner specified 
by the Calculation Agent and, in the event of the occurrence of any such Suspension Period, the 
Calculation Agent may make (x) such consequential or other adjustment(s) or determination(s) 
to or in relation to the Conditions as may be necessary or appropriate either during or following 
any relevant Suspension Period to account for or reflect such suspension and (y) determine the 
effective date of such adjustment(s) or determination(s). 
8. 
Amendments relating to Event Determination Dates 
If, in accordance with the provisions of the Notional Transaction, following the determination 
of an Event Determination Date, such Event Determination Date is deemed (i) to have occurred 
on a date that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Event 
Determination Date or (ii) not to have occurred, the Calculation Agent will determine (A) such 
adjustment(s) to the Conditions (including, without limitation, any adjustment to any Exercise 
Date, Settlement Date and/or Settlement Amount(s)) as may be necessary or appropriate to 
reflect (I) such deemed date of occurrence or (II) such deemed non-occurrence, of such Event 
Determination Date and (B) the effective date of such adjustment(s). 
9. 
DC Resolution Adjustment Events 
If, in accordance with the provisions of the Notional Transaction, following the publication of 
a DC Resolution (the "Prior DC Resolution") a further DC Resolution (the "Further DC 
Resolution") is published, the effect of which would be to reverse all or part of the Prior DC

--- Page 999 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS CONDITIONS 
973 
 
Resolution, or, if any DC Resolution would reverse any determination made by Buyer, Seller 
and/or the Swap Calculation Agent and/or the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, 
notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions, the Calculation Agent may, (a) in 
respect of English Law Warrants or Irish Law Warrants, in its sole and absolute discretion or 
(ii) in respect of German Law Warrants, in its reasonable discretion (§ 317 BGB) in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, make any adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent 
determines is necessary or appropriate to the Conditions to reflect the publication of such 
Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution, including, without limitation, as a result of the impact 
or effect of such Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution on the Hedging Positions. 
10. 
Notices to Issuer and Calculation Agent 
Any Trigger Notice from a Warrantholder to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent will be validly 
given if delivered in writing to the Issuer at 31 – Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, 
Luxembourg; fax number: +352 451 414 75; attention The Managers and the Calculation Agent 
at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom; e-mail: 
creditderiv.structuring@citi.com; attention European Credit Structuring. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the day when delivered to both the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent or if delivered to the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent after 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on any day or on any day on which commercial banks were not open for business in London, 
the first day thereafter on which such notice has been delivered to both the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent prior to 5.00 p.m. (London time) and commercial banks are open for business 
in London. The relevant Warrantholder must provide evidence satisfactory to the Calculation 
Agent of its holding of the relevant Warrants. 
Any notice given pursuant to the above shall be deemed to be received by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in the case of communication by fax, when an 
acknowledgement of receipt is received, in the case of communication by e-mail, when an 
acknowledgement of receipt is received (other than an "out of office" or similar reply), or, in 
the case of communication by letter, when the letter is delivered, in each case in the manner 
required by the above. 
11. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Credit Linked Warrants: 
(i) a Credit Linked Adjustment Event and (ii) each Additional Disruption Event (if any) 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
12. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
No Additional Early Termination Event shall apply in respect of a Share. 
13. 
Additional Provisions 
Where, pursuant to General Condition 9 (Taxation), some but not all of the Warrants are 
purchased and cancelled or pursuant to General Condition 13 (Replacement of Securities) 
additional Warrants are issued, the Calculation Agent may adjust the Conditions (including, 
without limitation, the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount and/or the Original Notional 
Amount under the Notional Transaction), as it determines to be appropriate, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, to preserve for the Warrantholders the economic 
equivalent of the payment obligations of the Issuer (if any) in respect of the outstanding 
Warrants after the purchase and cancellation or issue, as the case may be, of such Warrants. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment(s), the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) giving 
details thereof.

--- Page 1000 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 17 – DEBT SECURITY CONDITIONS 
974 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 17 – DEBT SECURITY CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Debt Security" (Debt Security Linked Securities or Debt Security Linked Warrants).  
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Warrants linked to Debt Securities. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Debt Security" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Debt Security Issuer" means, in respect of a Debt Security, the issuer of such Debt Security 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Exchange" means, in relation to a Debt Security, the exchange or principal trading market 
specified for such Debt Security in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange 
or principal trading market. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in relation to a Debt Security, a day on which the relevant 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Debt Security and a Valuation Date, an 
amount equal to the bid price for the Debt Security as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the bid price for such Debt Security on such Valuation Date, 
as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page at the relevant Valuation Time. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Debt Security, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of a Debt Security and a Valuation Date, the bid price of 
such Debt Security observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Debt Security, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Share, the time at which the price of such Debt Security is being 
determined during such Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Debt Security, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Share on which any of the events set out below occurs: 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) of 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on the trading on any relevant Exchange; or 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) of 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on the trading on any exchange on which 
options contracts or futures contracts with respect to such Debt Security is traded. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Debt Security and the 
relevant Debt Security Issuer (as relevant): (i) a Hedging Illegality or De-listing or (ii) each 
Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1001 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 17 – DEBT SECURITY CONDITIONS 
975 
 
(a) 
Hedging Illegality 
"Hedging Illegality" means a determination by the Calculation Agent that any arrangements 
made to hedge the Issuer's position under the Securities has or will become unlawful, illegal, or 
otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with or the interpretation of 
any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power. 
(b) 
De-listing 
"De-listing" means, in relation to a Debt Security, the Exchange announces that pursuant to the 
rules of such Exchange, such Debt Security ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Exchange for any reason and is not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-
traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the 
European Union) or another exchange or quotation system located in another country which 
exchange or quotation system and country is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent. 
5. 
Additional Early Termination Events 
No Additional Early Termination Event shall apply in respect of a Debt Security. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
"Correction Period" means, in respect of a Debt Security, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Debt Security Substitution 
If Debt Security Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a 
Debt Security Substitution. 
"Share Substitution" means in relation to an Adjustment Event and a Debt Security, the 
replacement of a Debt Security the subject of such Adjustment Event with a new debt security 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any criteria specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Such new debt security shall be deemed to be a Debt Security in place of the Debt 
Security the subject of the Adjustment Event. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Debt Security on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) in respect of Securities which are Warrants or 
Exercisable Certificates shall apply.

--- Page 1002 ---
SCHEDULE A – CITIGROUP INC. TLAC ELIGIBLE NOTES 
976 
 
SCHEDULE A – CITIGROUP INC. TLAC ELIGIBLE NOTES 
The General Conditions of Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. shall be amended as follows where 
Schedule A is specified to apply to the relevant Securities in the applicable Issue Terms:  
1. 
Redemption and Purchase 
The following shall be inserted at the end of General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates as General Condition 6(j): 
"(j) 
Regulatory Approval 
The redemption or repurchase of any Security that is included in Citigroup Inc.'s capital and 
total loss absorbing capacity may be subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve of the 
United States, which may not acquiesce in the redemption or repurchase of such Security unless 
it is satisfied that the capital position, total loss absorbing capacity or both of Citigroup Inc., as 
applicable will be adequate after the proposed redemption or repurchase.". 
2. 
Events of Default 
The definition of "Event of Default" set out in General Condition 11 (Events of Default) in 
respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates shall be deleted and replaced by the 
following: 
"Event of Default" wherever used herein with respect to the Securities means any one of the 
following events: 
(a) 
default in the payment of any interest upon any Security when it becomes due and 
payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days; or 
(b) 
default in the payment of the principal or termination amounts of any Security at its 
due date or default in the delivery of any Entitlement or Physical Redemption Assets 
in respect of any Security at its due date and, in each case, continuance of such default 
for a period of 30 days; or 
(c) 
the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Issuer by a court having 
jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under the United States Federal 
bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable United States 
Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, 
liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the 
Issuer or of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, or ordering the 
winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order 
unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(d) 
the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case under the United States Federal 
bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable United States 
Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or the consent by it to the 
entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law or to the 
appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or 
other similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or substantially the whole of its 
property, or the making by the Issuer of an assignment for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or the admission by the Issuer in writing of its inability to pay its debts 
generally as they become due. 
For the avoidance of doubt, only the Events of Default described above provide for a right of 
acceleration of the Securities. No other event, including a default in the performance of any 
other covenant of the Issuer, will result in acceleration.

--- Page 1003 ---
SCHEDULE A – CITIGROUP INC. TLAC ELIGIBLE NOTES 
977 
 
3. 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding 
The following shall be inserted after General Condition 12(d)(ii) (Determinations and Exercise 
of Discretion (BEC)) in respect of Securities which are Notes or Certificates as General 
Condition 12(d)(iii): 
 
"(iii) 
For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything in the terms and 
conditions of the Securities to the contrary, the ability of the Issuer or Calculation 
Agent to exercise any discretionary authority under the terms and conditions of the 
Securities shall be limited to exercises of such discretionary authority under which each 
Security of the series of Securities remains an "eligible debt security" for purposes of 
the Federal Reserve's TLAC rule.".

--- Page 1004 ---
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE 
978 
 
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE 
This APAC Compliance Schedule shall apply in respect of Securities where "Indian Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "China Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings" or "Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "Additional 
Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service" or "Additional Index Provisions for 
China Connect Service" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and/or the Securities 
are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible 
Bond Participation Certificates that are Indian Participation Certificates or China Participation 
Certificates or Taiwan Participation Certificates.  
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the 
General Conditions, the relevant Underlying Schedule, the Multi-Underlying Annex or the Participation 
Conditions Annex, as applicable. 
1. 
Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings 
Where "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms and/or the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
APAC Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are Indian 
Participation Certificates, the holders thereof should note that the terms of the Securities will require 
them to make certain representations, warranties, undertaking and/or agreements (as applicable) as 
further detailed below and in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule: 
The Indian government imposes upon foreign portfolio investors in India certain restrictions in 
connection with their investment in the Indian securities and derivatives market and in their transactions 
with counterparties. In particular, the Indian government requires such foreign portfolio investors to 
comply with certain know-your-client obligations. In order to fulfil these obligations, certain 
acknowledgements, representations, warranties and undertakings are required from the holders of 
Securities in connection with any transaction with the holders of Securities in respect of any Securities. 
Accordingly, by the purchase of any Securities, each holder of a Security will be deemed to have 
represented, warranted, acknowledged, agreed and/or undertaken (as applicable) that: 
On the date of purchase and on each day the Securities are being held, each holder of Securities will be 
deemed to represent, warrant and/or acknowledge (as applicable) that its purchase of the Securities is in 
full compliance with the following selling restrictions and it undertakes to comply with and agrees to the 
selling restrictions below (or if any holder of Securities is a broker-dealer acting on behalf of a client or 
other professional fiduciary acting on behalf of a discretionary or similar account held for the benefit or 
account of a client, such holder of Securities will be deemed to represent, warrant and undertake that 
such client has confirmed to such holder of Securities that such client represents, warrants, acknowledges, 
agrees and/or undertakes (as applicable) that): 
1. 
It is not (i) an "Indian Resident" or (ii) a "Non-Resident Indian" or (iii) an "Overseas Citizen of 
India" (each of (i),(ii) and (iii) a "Restricted Entity") or (iv) a "Category II foreign portfolio 
investor" in terms of the FPI Regulations (a "Prohibited Entity"); 
2. 
It is not a person/entity wherein: 
(a) 
contribution of a single Restricted Entity is 25 per cent. or above of the total 
contribution in its corpus; or 
(b) 
aggregate contribution of Restricted Entities is 50 per cent. or above of the total 
contribution in its corpus; or 
(c) 
A Restricted Entity is in control of it, except where: 
(i) 
it is an "offshore fund" for which a no-objection certificate has been provided 
by SEBI in terms of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) 
Regulations, 1996 (as amended from time to time); or 
(ii) 
it is controlled by investment managers (which are controlled and/ or owned 
by a Restricted Entity) who are either (i) Appropriately Regulated in their

--- Page 1005 ---
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE  
979 
 
respective home jurisdiction and registered with SEBI as non-investing 
foreign portfolio investors; or (ii) incorporated or set up under Indian laws and 
appropriately registered with SEBI. 
For the purposes of this representation, an "investment manager" means an entity 
performing the role of investment management, investment advisory or any equivalent 
role, including trustee. 
For the purpose of this representation, "control" includes the right to appoint a majority 
of the directors or to control the management or policy decisions exercisable by a 
person or persons acting individually or in concert, directly or indirectly, including by 
virtue of their shareholding or management rights or shareholders agreements or voting 
agreements or in any other manner; 
(d) 
its beneficial owner is a Restricted Entity or a Prohibited Entity. 
(For the purposes of this representation, the term "beneficial owner" shall be as 
provided under sub rule (3) of rule 9 of the Prevention of Money-laundering 
(Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 (the "PML Maintenance of Records Rules") 
read with the provisions of the Master Circular for Foreign Portfolio Investors, 
Designated Depository Participants and Eligible Foreign Investors, as notified by SEBI 
master circular no. SEBI/HO/AFD/AFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/70 dated 30 May 2024 
("SEBI Master Circular"), and the relevant provisions of the FPI Regulations, each 
as supplemented, amended and modified from time to time); 
3. 
Where an Indian Resident (being an individual) is a constituent of the holder of Securities, the 
contribution of resident Indian individuals shall have been made through the Liberalised 
Remittance Scheme ("LRS") notified by the Reserve Bank of India and shall have been in global 
funds whose Indian exposure is less than 50 per cent; 
4. 
Where Indian Residents (other than individuals) are constituents of the holder of Securities: 
(i) 
(a) such Indian Resident is an eligible fund manager of the holder of Securities, as 
provided under sub-section (4) of section 9A of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961); 
and (b) such holder of Securities is an eligible investment fund as provided under sub-
section (3) of section 9A of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961) which has been 
granted approval under the Income Tax Rules, 1962; or 
(ii) 
(a) the holder of the Securities is an Alternative Investment Fund set up in the 
International Financial Services Centres and regulated by the International Financial 
Services Centres Authority; (b) such Indian Resident is a sponsor or manager of the 
holder of Securities; and (c) the contribution of such Indian resident shall be up to 2.5 
per cent. of the corpus of the holder of Securities or U.S.$ 750,000 (whichever is 
lower), if the holder of Securities is a Category I or Category II Alternative Investment 
Fund; or 5 per cent. of the corpus of the holder of Securities or U.S.$ 1.5 million 
(whichever is lower), if the holder of Securities is a Category III Alternative Investment 
Fund. 
5. 
It agrees and undertakes to comply with the requirements set out in paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 above 
at all times and it shall rectify any breach of the conditions therein within a prescribed period 
(which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, means a period of 90 days) as may be permitted 
under relevant applicable laws (including, without limitation, any legislations, rules, 
regulations, notifications, circulars or guidelines), or, upon issue of any orders or directives to 
that effect, from time to time, from the date of occurrence of such breach. If the breach is not 
rectified within this time period, it shall take all steps as may be required by the Issuer, including, 
if required, to ensure that the Securities is terminated immediately and in the manner required 
by the Issuer.  
6. 
It is: 
(a) 
a resident of a country whose securities market regulator is a signatory to the 
International Organization of Securities Commission's Multilateral Memorandum of

--- Page 1006 ---
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE 
980 
 
Understanding (Appendix A Signatories) ("IOSCO MMOU") or a signatory to a 
bilateral Memorandum of Understanding with the SEBI,  
provided that in case of a country where there are separate securities market regulators 
for different provinces/states within that country, it is a resident of a province/state 
whose securities market regulator is a signatory to the IOSCO MMOU or has entered 
into a Bilateral Memorandum of Understanding with SEBI, or in the case of a holder 
being Government or Government related investor, a resident of a country otherwise 
approved by the Government of India for the purposes of registration of foreign 
portfolio investors. Provided that this representation is not applicable to holders of 
Securities that have been incorporated or established in an "International Financial 
Service Centre", which shall have the same meaning as assigned to it in clause (q) of 
section 2 of the Special Economic Zones Act, 2005 (as may be amended from time to 
time); or 
(b) 
where it is a bank (not being a central bank), a resident of a country whose central bank 
is a member of the Bank for International Settlements,  
provided that this representation is not applicable to holders of Securities that have 
been incorporated or established in an "International Financial Service Centre" which 
shall have the same meaning as assigned to it in clause (q) of section 2 of the Special 
Economic Zones Act, 2005 (as may be amended from time to time); 
7. 
It, as well as its underlying investor(s) contributing more than the threshold prescribed under 
sub-rule 3 of rule 9 of PML Maintenance of Records Rules in its corpus or identified on the 
basis of control are not mentioned in the Sanctions List notified by the United Nations Security 
Council; 
8. 
It, as well as its underlying investor(s) contributing more than the threshold prescribed under 
sub-rule (3) of rule 9 of the PML Maintenance of Records Rules in its corpus or identified on 
the basis of control, is not resident in a country identified in the public statement of Financial 
Action Task Force as (i) a jurisdiction having a strategic Anti-Money Laundering or Combating 
the Financing of Terrorism deficiencies to which counter measures apply; or (ii) a jurisdiction 
that has not made sufficient progress in addressing the deficiencies or has not committed to an 
action plan developed with the Financial Action Task Force to address the deficiencies; 
9. 
Where it is a multi-class share vehicle by constitution and has more than one class of shares or 
sub-funds or an equivalent structure, either (i) a common portfolio is being maintained for all 
classes of shares or sub-funds or equivalent structure, or (ii) a segregated portfolio is being 
maintained for separate classes of shares or sub-funds or equivalent structure; and that in the 
case of a segregated portfolio, the holder has, in the past, submitted beneficial ownership details 
in compliance with applicable law, and shall provide details of beneficial owners for each 
fund/sub-fund/share class/equivalent structure that invests in India, as may be sought by the 
Issuer, associates and/or its affiliates; 
10. 
The relevant Securities do not violate any applicable laws (including, without limitation, any 
legislations, rules, regulations, notifications, circulars or guidelines), or, any orders or 
directives, which may be issued from time to time, including in relation to its eligibility and 
permissibility of it to transact in Securities; 
11. 
The relevant Securities have been purchased (and are being held by) or have been entered into 
by it as a principal for its own account and not as an agent, nominee, trustee or representative 
of any other person/entity and that it has not entered into any agreement or arrangement for the 
issuance of a back to back offshore derivative instrument ("ODI") (as such term is defined for 
the purposes of the FPI Regulations and notifications, circulars, rules and guidelines of the SEBI 
issued from time to time as may be amended from time to time against the relevant Securities; 
12. 
It has not entered into the relevant Security transaction(s), or will not deal in the Securities, with 
the intent of circumventing or otherwise avoiding any requirements applicable under any laws 
applicable in India (including, without limitation, the FPI Regulations and any restrictions 
applying to foreign portfolio investors in relation to their issuances and/or other dealings of or

--- Page 1007 ---
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE  
981 
 
in Securities with, Restricted Entities, Prohibited Entities and Ineligible Entities (as hereinafter 
defined) or laws governing dealing in the securities market, including the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to 
Securities Markets) Regulations, 2003 and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, each as amended from time to time, 
together with any modifications thereto or re-enactments thereof); 
13. 
It also confirms that subscribing to the relevant Securities would not result in Ineligible Entities 
indirectly subscribing to or dealing in Securities in contravention of Regulation 21 of the FPI 
Regulations; 
14. 
It shall notify the Issuer immediately, as soon as it becomes ineligible for registration as a 
"Category I foreign portfolio investor" in terms of the FPI Regulations, and shall take all steps 
as may be required by the Issuer, including, if required, to ensure that the Securities are 
terminated immediately and in the manner required by the Issuer. Further, in the event it has an 
investment manager who is from the Financial Action Task Force member country, and 
therefore the investment manager is not required to be registered as a Category I foreign 
portfolio investor as permitted under the FPI Regulations, it undertakes and agrees to provide 
such information and documents as may be requested by the Issuer from time to time in relation 
to the relationship between itself and its investment manager; 
15. 
It is an Eligible Entity as defined in Annex A to these "Indian Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings"; 
16. 
It is a fit and proper person based on the criteria specified in Schedule II of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Intermediaries) Regulations, 2008 (as may be amended from time to 
time); 
17. 
It has not been restricted or constrained (including, without limitation, by any authority, 
regulator or court), from investing in its home country or overseas, or, convicted of any money 
laundering related offence; 
18. 
It undertakes and agrees to provide such information and documents (including in relation to 
any procedures on identification and verification of identity) as may be requested by the Issuer 
from time to time in relation to its beneficial owners, as set out below. For the purposes of this 
paragraph the term "beneficial owner" shall be as provided under sub rule (3) of Rule 9 of the 
PML Maintenance of Records Rules read with the provisions of the Master Circular and the 
relevant provisions of the FPI Regulations, each as amended and modified from time to time: 
(a) 
Where it is a company (other than a company listed on a stock exchange in India or 
resident in and listed on stock exchanges of jurisdictions notified by the Government 
of India, or a subsidiary of such listed company), natural person(s), who, whether acting 
alone or together, or through one or more juridical person, has a controlling ownership 
interest or exercises control through other means. For the purposes of this paragraph, 
"controlling ownership interest" shall have the same meaning as set out in clause (a) 
of sub rule (3) of Rule 9 of the PML Maintenance of Records Rules, which, as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, means ownership of or entitlement to more than 10 per 
cent. of shares or capital or profits of the company; and "control" shall have the same 
meaning as set out in clause (a) of sub rule (3) of Rule 9 of the PML Maintenance of 
Records Rules, which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, includes the right to 
appoint a majority of the directors or to control the management or policy decisions 
including by virtue of their shareholding or management rights or shareholders 
agreements or voting agreements; 
(b) 
Where it is a trust, beneficial owners shall be identified on the basis of the author of 
the trust, the trustees, beneficiaries with 10 per cent. or more interest in it and any other 
natural person exercising ultimate effective control over the trust through a chain of 
control or ownership;

--- Page 1008 ---
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE 
982 
 
(c) 
Where it is a partnership firm, natural person(s) who, whether acting alone or together, 
or through one or more juridical person, has ownership of/entitlement to more than 10 
per cent. of capital or profits of the partnership or who exercises control through other 
means. For the purpose of this clause, "Control" shall have the meaning as set out in 
clause (b) of sub-rule (3) of rule 9 of the PML Maintenance of Records Rules which, 
as on the date of the Base Prospectus, shall include the right to control the management 
or policy decision; and 
(d) 
Where it is an unincorporated association or a body of individuals, a natural person 
who, whether acting alone or together, or through one or more juridical person, has 
ownership of or entitlement to more than 15 per cent. of the property or capital or profits 
of such association or body of individuals; 
Provided that, for the purpose of (a), (c) and (d) above, where no natural person is the beneficial 
owner, the beneficial owner shall be the relevant natural person who holds the position of senior 
managing official. 
19. 
It also undertakes and agrees that where no beneficial owner is identified by applying the 
thresholds under paragraph 18 above, it shall provide such information and documents 
(including in relation to any procedures on identification and verification of identity) as may be 
requested by the Issuer including in relation to the natural person who holds the position of its 
senior managing official (meaning individual(s) as designated by the holder who holds a senior 
management position and makes key decisions relating to such holder); 
20. 
It shall not, and shall ensure that none of its nominees, associates or affiliates shall sell, transfer, 
assign, novate or otherwise dispose of any Security or any interest in any Security to, or enter 
into any agreement or arrangement for the issuance of back-to-back ODIs against the relevant 
Security or enter into an agreement or arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing (each, 
a "Transfer") with, any person/entity which is a Restricted Entity, a Prohibited Entity or any 
person/entity which is not an Eligible Entity (an "Ineligible Entity"). Save for any Transfer(s) 
to a Pre-Approved Transferee (as defined below) pursuant to paragraph 21 below, prior to any 
Transfer being undertaken in respect of any Security: 
(a) 
the prior written consent of the Issuer and/or the Issuer's associates/affiliates shall be 
obtained by it and; 
(i) 
it shall issue a written notice ("Transfer Notice") to the Issuer in such form as 
the Issuer may determine for the purpose of obtaining such prior written 
consent; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer and/or the Issuer's associates/affiliates shall have absolute discretion 
in granting or withholding such prior written consent; 
(b) 
upon receipt of the Transfer Notice, the Issuer, its associates and affiliates shall have 
the right to require the person/entity to whom the Transfer is proposed to be made 
("Proposed Transferee") to provide, and it shall procure that the Proposed Transferee 
promptly provides, the Issuer or the Issuer's associates/affiliates (as the case may be) 
with all such information that the Issuer or the Issuer's associates/affiliates (as the case 
may be) may require with respect to its or their client on-boarding programme, policies 
or procedures, anti-money laundering programme, or other such programme (as the 
case may be) (collectively, "Client Identification Programme"); and 
(c) 
the Proposed Transferee shall issue a written undertaking ("Transferee Undertaking") 
to the Issuer or its associates/affiliates in such form as the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates may determine. 
For the avoidance of doubt it is clarified that this paragraph 20 shall not apply: (i) in the event 
the Transfer is pursuant to a direct sale and purchase of the Securities to and by the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates, or (ii) to the registration on its behalf of any Security in the name of any 
custodian, sub-custodian or nominee. Further, a Proposed Transferee who has obtained the

--- Page 1009 ---
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE  
983 
 
written consent of the Issuer or its associates/affiliates in respect of a Transfer pursuant to this 
paragraph 20 shall for the purposes hereof hereafter constitute a "Pre-Approved Transferee"; 
21. 
In the case where it or its nominees, associates or affiliates sell, transfer, assign, novate or 
otherwise dispose of any Security, or any interest in any Security, to, or enter into any back-to-
back ODI or enter into an agreement or arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing with, 
a Pre-Approved Transferee (a "Pre-Approved Transferee Transfer"), it shall issue a written 
notice to the Issuer in such form as the Issuer may determine within two (2) Hong Kong business 
days after the Pre-Approved Transferee Transfer; 
22. 
The Issuer and its associates/affiliates are authorised to provide information in their possession 
regarding it, each Proposed Transferee, its nominees or associates/affiliates and/or the Proposed 
Transferee, each Security transaction and any breach of the terms of these "Indian Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" to any Indian governmental or regulatory 
authority (each an "Authority") as the Issuer or its associates/affiliates reasonably deem 
necessary or appropriate in order to comply with regulations or requests of such Authority from 
time to time, including but not limited to disclosures in periodic reporting made by the Issuer or 
its associates/affiliates to any Authority; 
23. 
In the case where it changes investment manager/advisers/sub-manager/sub-advisers (each, a 
"Manager/Adviser Transfer"), it shall issue a written notice to the Issuer in such form as the 
Issuer may determine thirty (30) Hong Kong business days prior to the Manager/Adviser 
Transfer; 
24. 
It agrees and undertakes to pay such fees, as sought by the Issuer, in terms of the applicable 
laws (including, without limitation, any legislations, rules, regulations, notifications, circulars 
or guidelines), or, any orders or directives, which may be issued from time to time, including in 
relation to the subscription for Securities; 
25. 
It shall ensure that investment (including, synthetically through Securities) by it, whether 
directly in its own name as a foreign portfolio investor or as an ODI subscriber, or by entities in 
the Investor Group (as such term is defined in Annex A to these "Indian Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings") to which it belongs, in equity shares of each 
Indian company is below ten per cent. of the total issued capital of such company on a fully 
diluted basis and it shall provide information in this regard to the Issuer, as and when and in 
such form and manner as may be required; 
26. 
It shall procure its nominees or associates/affiliates to provide the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates (as the case may be) promptly with such additional information that the 
Issuer or its associates/affiliates (as the case may be) reasonably deems necessary or appropriate 
in order to comply with regulations or requests of any Authority from time to time; 
27. 
It acknowledges that non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of, any terms 
or obligations under these "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" 
(including, without limitation, any restrictions with respect to a Transfer) ("Securityholder 
Obligations") may result in non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of, 
applicable laws, rules, regulations, governmental orders or directions, or in regulatory sanctions 
or other actions against any Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates and may cause irreparable harm 
to any Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates. Accordingly, it further acknowledges that, in the 
event of any non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of any Securityholder 
Obligations by it, the Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates may notify any Authority of any such 
breach, violation or contravention and exercise any rights and take any measures available to it 
under the terms of any Security or these "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings", or any other measures to prevent, avoid, mitigate, remedy or cure such non-
compliance, breach, violation or contravention, including but not limited to termination of the 
Securities by the issuer or its associates/affiliates; 
28. 
These "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" replace and 
subsume any previous "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" 
undertaken or agreed to by it;

--- Page 1010 ---
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE 
984 
 
29. 
The Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates may, to the extent required to comply with applicable 
laws, regulations, notifications, circulars, rules, guidelines, clarifications, directions, orders 
and/or decrees issued by a governmental or regulatory authority, issue a written notice to it, 
unilaterally amending the terms of these "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings" and such written notice shall be effective and deemed agreed and accepted by it 
when issued; 
30. 
It shall promptly notify the Issuer or its associates/affiliates should any of the representations, 
warranties, acknowledgements, agreements and undertakings and material information given by 
it, whether in respect of it or otherwise, be in breach, change or no longer hold true after the 
purchase of the relevant Securities; and 
31. 
All the provisions of these "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" 
shall survive the termination of any Security which is the subject matter of these "Indian 
Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings". 
The paragraphs above being the "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings".  
As used above, the following terms shall bear the meanings given to them below: 
ANNEX A 
Definitions 
(a) 
"Appropriately Regulated" as the term is defined in Regulation 2(1)(b) of the FPI Regulations, 
which, as of the date, means a person regulated by the securities market regulator or the banking 
regulator of home jurisdiction or otherwise, in the same capacity in which it proposes to make 
investments in India. A person under bank category (other than a central bank) would be deemed 
to be appropriately regulated if it is regulated by the unified financial sector regulator in its 
home jurisdiction or by a banking sector regulator in its home jurisdiction. Insurance and 
reinsurance entities shall be deemed to be appropriately regulated for the purpose of the 
Regulations, if they are regulated or supervised by the relevant regulator in their concerned 
foreign jurisdiction in the same capacity in which they propose to make investments in India. 
(b) 
"Non-resident Indian" as the term is defined in Rule 2(aj) of the Foreign Exchange 
Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules 2019 ("FEMA Non-debt Rules") means an 
individual resident outside India who is a citizen of India. 
(c) 
"Person" includes: 
(i) 
an individual; 
(ii) 
a Hindu Undivided Family; 
(iii) 
a company; 
(iv) 
a firm; 
(v) 
an association of persons or a body of individuals, whether incorporated or not; and 
(vi) 
a local authority 
(vii) 
every artificial juridical person, not falling within any of the preceding sub-clauses.; 
and 
(viii) 
 any agency, office or branch owned or controlled by such person. 
(d) 
"Indian Resident" means a Person resident in India in terms of Section 2(v) of FEMA as set 
out below: 
(i) 
a person residing in India for more than one hundred and eighty-two (182) days during 
the course of the preceding financial year but does not include:

--- Page 1011 ---
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE  
985 
 
(A) 
a person who has gone out of India or who stays outside India, in either case: 
(a) 
for or on taking up employment outside India, or 
(b) 
for carrying on outside India a business or vocation outside India, or 
(c) 
for any other purpose, in such circumstances as would indicate his 
intention to stay outside India for an uncertain period; 
(B) 
a person who has come to or stays in India, in either case, otherwise than: 
(a) 
for or on taking up employment in India, or 
(b) 
for carrying on in India a business or vocation in India, or 
(c) 
for any other purpose, in such circumstances as would indicate his 
intention to stay in India for an uncertain period; 
(ii) 
any person or body corporate registered or incorporated in India; 
(iii) 
an office, branch or agency in India owned or controlled by a person resident outside 
India; 
(iv) 
an office, branch or agency outside India owned or controlled by a person resident in 
India. 
(e) 
"Eligible Entity" shall refer to: 
(i) 
Government and Government related investors such as central banks, sovereign wealth 
funds, international or multilateral organisations or agencies including entities 
controlled or at least 75 per cent. directly or indirectly owned by such Government and 
Government related investor(s); 
(ii) 
Pension funds and university funds; 
(iii) 
Appropriately Regulated entities such as insurance or reinsurance entities, banks, asset 
management companies, investment managers, investment advisors, portfolio 
manager, broker dealers and swap dealers; 
(iv) 
Entities from the Financial Action Task Force member countries, or from any country 
specified by the Government of India by an order or by way of an agreement or treaty 
with other sovereign Governments, which are: 
(A) 
Appropriately Regulated funds; 
(B) 
unregulated funds whose investment manager is Appropriately Regulated and 
registered as a 'Category I foreign portfolio investor'. Provided that the 
investment manager undertakes the responsibility of all the acts of 
commission or omission of such unregulated fund; 
(C) 
university related endowments of such universities that have been in existence 
for more than five years; 
(v) 
An entity (A) whose investment manager is from a Financial Action Task Force 
member country and such investment manager is registered as a 'Category I foreign 
portfolio investor'; or (B) which is at least 75 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly by 
another entity, eligible under sub-clause (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this paragraph and such 
an eligible entity is from a Financial Action Task Force member country. Provided that 
such an investment manager or eligible entity undertakes the responsibility of all the 
acts of commission or omission of the entity.  
(f) 
"Investor Group" shall include two or more investors having common ownership, directly or 
indirectly, of more than 50 per cent. or common control.

--- Page 1012 ---
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE 
986 
 
For the purposes of this definition common control shall not be considered where: 
(i) 
the holder is an Appropriately Regulated public retail fund; 
(ii) 
the investors in the holder are public retail funds majority owned by Appropriately 
Regulated public retail fund on look through basis; 
(iii) 
the holder is a public retail fund and the investment managers of the fund are 
Appropriately Regulated. 
(g) 
"Public retail funds" means: 
(i) 
mutual funds or unit trusts which are open for subscription to retail investors and which 
do not have specific investor type requirements like accredited investors' 
(ii) 
insurance companies where segregated portfolio with one-to-one correlation with a 
single investor is not maintained; and 
(iii) 
pension funds. 
(h) 
"Overseas Citizen of India" as the term is defined under Rule 2 of the FEMA Non-debt Rules, 
which, as of the date of this notice, means an individual resident outside India who is registered 
as an Overseas Citizen of India Cardholder under Section 7-A of the Citizenship Act, 1955. 
2. 
Additional provisions for Indian Participation Certificates 
Where "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms and the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC 
Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are Indian 
Participation Certificates, then the Issuer has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the relevant 
holder of the Securities, to cancel all or some only of the Securities (the "Regulatory Termination 
Securities") upon a breach by any holder of any of the Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties 
and Undertakings set out in sub-paragraph 1 above, and determine whether such Regulatory Termination 
Securities will be Cash Settled Securities or Physical Delivery Securities.  
As provided above, the Issuer has the right to cancel all or some only of the Securities but where, in the 
determination of the Issuer, it is practicable (including if so provided for by the operating procedures 
from time to time of any relevant clearing system), the Issuer shall cancel only the Securities of the or 
each Securityholder that has breached or is in breach of the Indian Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings. 
For the purposes of determining the Final Settlement Amount or the Entitlement in respect of the 
Regulatory Termination Securities, the date of cancellation will be deemed to be the Actual Exercise 
Date in respect of such Regulatory Termination Securities.  
Any settlement will be made as provided above or as the Issuer may otherwise notify to the 
Securityholders. Upon any such settlement, all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Securities shall 
be discharged. 
3. 
China Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings 
Where the Securities are APAC Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation 
Certificates that are China Participation Certificates or "China Compliance Representations, Warranties 
and Undertakings" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, by the purchase of any 
Security, each Securityholder will be deemed to have represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that: 
On the date of purchase and on each day the Securities are being held, each holder of Securities will be 
deemed to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) that its purchase of the Securities is in full compliance 
with the following selling restrictions and it undertakes and agrees to the selling restrictions below (or if 
any holder of Securities is a broker-dealer acting on behalf of a client or other professional fiduciary 
acting on behalf of a discretionary or similar account held for the benefit or account of a client, such 
holder of Securities will be deemed to represent, warrant and/or undertake (as applicable) that such client

--- Page 1013 ---
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE  
987 
 
has confirmed to such holder of the Securities that such client acknowledges, represents, warrants, agrees 
and/or undertakes (as applicable) that):  
1. 
It is not: (1) a PRC Citizen resident in the PRC, (2) a PRC Citizen resident outside the PRC who 
is not a permanent resident of another country or permanent resident of Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region or Taiwan region, unless 
otherwise permitted by the laws, administrative regulations and rules of the PRC or (3) a Legal 
Person Registered in the PRC (except a Legal Person Registered in the PRC whose purchase of 
Securities has been conducted pursuant to a programme approved by, or registered with, any 
competent regulator in the PRC) (each a "Domestic Investor");  
2. 
In the case where the Securities are purchased by the holder as or on behalf of a trustee for a 
trust, interests in the trust are not majority-owned by, and the management decision over the 
trust is not controlled by, one or more Domestic Investor(s).  For the avoidance of doubt, in the 
case only where a trust's investments are being managed on a discretionary basis by an 
investment manager, such investment manager shall not be deemed to control such entity for 
the purposes of this representation by reason only of it being able to control the decision-making 
in relation to the entity's financial, investment and/or operating policies; 
3. 
All amounts paid or to be paid by it in connection with any Security did not and will not involve 
moneys financed by or sourced from any Domestic Investor in contravention of the laws and 
regulations of the PRC; and 
4. 
It confirms that its transactions in the Securities (i) will not contravene any applicable law or 
regulation of the PRC; and (ii) are not for purposes of gaining or exercising control or influence 
over the management of the issuer of the securities underlying the Securities, and the holder 
fully understands that the Issuer relies on this confirmation to enter into any transactions in the 
Securities with the holder. 
Each purchaser of the Securities is deemed to have agreed and undertaken as follows (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, such agreements and undertakings shall survive the maturity or expiration date of 
such Securities): 
1. 
It will comply with all applicable PRC laws and regulations, including those in relation to 
foreign exchange, disclosure of interests and any related disposal restrictions; 
2. 
It acknowledges that the Issuer or its Affiliates may be required to disclose information relating 
to, among other things, the details of its transactions in the Securities or the identities of any 
party having a legal or beneficial interest in the Securities as may be required by any relevant 
regulatory authorities (including, without limit, PBOC, CSRC, NAFR and SAFE) or as may be 
required under any law, regulation, orders or other lawful request, and it agrees to all such 
related disclosure and hereby waives confidentiality with regard thereto.   
3. 
It shall promptly provide the Issuer or its Affiliates with such additional information that they 
reasonably deem necessary or appropriate in order to comply with regulations or requests of any 
governmental or regulatory authorities from time to time; with regard to the identity and other 
details of the holder or the beneficial owners in respect of the transactions in the Securities, 
these include but are not limited to (i) the category to which the holder belongs (i.e., hedge fund, 
corporate, individual, pension fund, trust, etc.); (ii) in the case where the holder is a fund or the 
Securities are purchased by the holder as or on behalf of a trustee for a trust fund, names of the 
fund managers and investment advisors; and (iii) the source of funding of the holder.  Where 
any such information is maintained by any third party on behalf of the holder and the trust fund, 
it shall ensure that appropriate procedures are implemented with such third party to enable the 
prompt disclosure of such information to the Issuer or its Affiliates on request; 
4. 
It will not sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of the Securities to any transferee 
without the prior written consent of the Issuer or its Affiliates, and will provide notice of the 
transfer restrictions in this paragraph to any subsequent transferee.  To the extent such Securities 
or any of its interest or obligation therein is sold, transferred, assigned, novated or disposed of 
by the holder in accordance with these terms, the holder undertakes to ensure that the transferee 
(i) is not a Domestic Investor, (ii) in the case where the Securities are purchased by the transferee

--- Page 1014 ---
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE 
988 
 
as or on behalf of a trustee for a trust, interests in the trust are not majority-owned by, and the 
management decision over the trust is not controlled by, one or more Domestic Investor(s), and 
(iii) is not financing all or any part of the Securities from any Domestic Investor in contravention 
of the laws and regulations of the PRC.  Any purported transfer that is not in compliance with 
this clause will be void;  
5. 
It will promptly notify the Issuer or its Affiliates should any of the representations, warranties, 
agreements and undertakings given by it changes or no longer holds true. 
The Paragraphs 1 to 9 above being the "China Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings". 
As used above, the following terms shall bear the meanings given to them below: 
Definitions 
(a) 
"CSRC" means the China Securities Regulatory Commission of the People's Republic of China. 
(b) 
"Legal Person Registered in the PRC" means an entity incorporated or organised in the PRC 
(excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative region 
and Taiwan region). 
(c) 
"NAFR" means the National Administration of Financial Regulation of the PRC (formerly the 
China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission) including its successors and its local 
counterparts). 
(d) 
"PBOC" means the People's Bank of China. 
(e) 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan region for this purpose). 
(f) 
"PRC Citizen" means any person holding a resident identification card of the PRC (excluding 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan 
region). 
(g) 
A "trust" includes a trust fund or any similar arrangement where the legal title to the trust assets 
are held by a trustee or legal representative but the beneficial interests in the trust assets are held 
by beneficiaries; and trustee shall be construed accordingly. 
(h) 
"SAFE" means the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People's Republic of China. 
4. 
Additional provisions for China Participation Certificates 
Where "China Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms and the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC 
Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are China 
Participation Certificates, then the Issuer has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the relevant 
holder of the Securities, to cancel all or some only of the Securities (the "Regulatory Termination 
Securities") upon a breach by any holder of any of the China Compliance Representations, Warranties 
and Undertakings set out in sub-paragraph (b) below, and determine whether such Regulatory 
Termination Securities will be Cash Settled Securities or Physical Delivery Securities as long as not 
prohibited by any applicable law.  
As provided above, the Issuer has the right to cancel all or only some of the Securities but where, in the 
determination of the Issuer, it is practicable (including if so provided for by the operating procedures 
from time to time of any relevant clearing system), the Issuer shall cancel only the Securities of the or 
each Certificateholder that has breached or is in breach of the China Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings. 
For the purposes of determining the Final Settlement Amount or the Entitlement in respect of the 
Regulatory Termination Securities, the date of cancellation will be deemed to be the Actual Exercise 
Date in respect of such Regulatory Termination Securities.

--- Page 1015 ---
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE  
989 
 
Any settlement will be made as provided above or as the Issuer may otherwise notify to the 
Securityholders.  Upon any such settlement, all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Securities shall 
be discharged. 
5. 
Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings 
Where the Securities are APAC Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation 
Certificates that are Taiwan Participation Certificates or "Taiwan Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, by the purchase 
of any Security, each Securityholder will be deemed to have represented, warranted, undertaken and 
agreed that: 
By the purchase of any Security, each Securityholder will be deemed to have represented, warranted, 
undertaken and agreed that (or if any holder of the Securities is a broker-dealer acting on behalf of a 
client or other professional fiduciary acting on behalf of a discretionary or similar account held for the 
benefit or account of a client, such holder of the Securities will be deemed to represent, warrant and 
undertake that such client has confirmed to such holder of the Securities that such client acknowledges, 
represents, warrants, agrees and undertakes that) on the date of purchase and on each day the Securities 
are being held: 
1. 
it is not, and it is not purchasing the Securities for the benefit or account of (1) a person with 
household registration in, or an entity(ies) incorporated in the PRC (collectively, "PRC 
Person"), (2) an entity(ies) incorporated outside the PRC (including an entity(ies) incorporated 
in Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan) that is controlled by a PRC Person(s) or (3) an entity(ies) 
incorporated outside the PRC (including an entity(ies) incorporated in Hong Kong, Macau or 
Taiwan) which is more than thirty per cent. (30%) owned, directly or indirectly, by a PRC 
Person(s). 
2. 
it is not purchasing the Securities utilising funds sourced from the PRC or Taiwan. 
3. 
when purchasing the Securities, it is not (1) an Insider or (2) the spouse or minor child of an 
Insider or (3) a person or entity which would be deemed to be a "nominee" of an Insider. 
4. 
it authorises, instructs and empowers the Issuer and its Affiliates to submit all such information 
and file all such reports with the regulatory authorities of Taiwan regarding the Securityholder, 
the Securities, or otherwise, as may be required by the Taiwan Regulations Governing 
Investments in Securities by Overseas Chinese and Foreign Nationals or otherwise as may 
reasonably be requested by Taiwan authorities;. 
5. 
it undertakes and agrees that it will provide the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or, to the extent 
permitted by the relevant governmental or regulatory authority, provide directly to such 
governmental or regulatory authority, such additional information, from time to time, that the 
Issuer or its Affiliates deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with any request by 
any governmental or regulatory authority or the court of competent authority or if so required 
under applicable regulations in Taiwan; and 
6. 
it waives any objection such Securityholder may have with respect to 4 or 5 immediately above 
on the grounds of confidentiality or otherwise, and, for the avoidance of doubt, such agreements 
and undertakings shall survive the maturity date of the relevant Securities. 
Paragraphs 1 to 6 above being the "Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings". 
As used above, the following terms shall bear the meanings given to them below: 
Definitions 
(a) 
"Insider" means a shareholder holding directly, or indirectly through nominees, their spouse or 
minor children, more than ten per cent. (10%) of the shares issued by, or a director, supervisor 
or dealer of, a Taiwan company the shares of which are traded on the Taiwan Stock Exchange 
or Taipei Exchange and which constitute an Underlying in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 1016 ---
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE 
990 
 
(b) 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Taiwan, for this purpose). 
6. 
Additional provisions for Taiwan Participation Certificates 
Where "Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms and the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC 
Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are Taiwan 
Participation Certificates, then the Issuer has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the relevant 
holder of the Securities, to cancel all or some only of the Securities (the "Regulatory Termination 
Securities") upon a breach by any holder of any of the Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties 
and Undertakings set out in sub-paragraph (b) below, and determine whether such Regulatory 
Termination Securities will be Cash Settled Securities or Physical Delivery Securities.  
As provided above, the Issuer has the right to cancel all or some only of the Securities but where, in the 
determination of the Issuer, it is practicable (including if so provided for by the operating procedures 
from time to time of any relevant clearing system), the Issuer shall cancel only the Securities of the or 
each Securityholder that has breached or is in breach of the Taiwan Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings. 
For the purposes of determining the Final Settlement Amount or the Entitlement in respect of the 
Regulatory Termination Securities, the date of cancellation will be deemed to be the Actual Exercise 
Date in respect of such Regulatory Termination Securities.  
Any settlement will be made as provided above or as the Issuer otherwise may notify to the 
Securityholders. Upon any such settlement, all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Securities shall 
be discharged. 
7. 
Additional Provisions for Securities linked to Shares traded through the China Connect 
Services or for Security Index Linked Securities where Additional Provisions for China 
Connect Service apply 
Where "Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service" or "Additional 
Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(i) each Securityholder undertakes that its purchase of the Securities shall be fully in compliance with 
applicable laws, administrative regulations and rules of the China Connect Services; and (ii) each 
Securityholder acknowledges that such Securities are not being offered or sold and may not be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC or to: 
1. 
a PRC Citizen resident in the PRC; 
2. 
a PRC Citizen resident outside the PRC who is not a permanent resident of another country or 
permanent resident of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special 
Administrative Region or Taiwan region, unless otherwise permitted by the laws, administrative 
regulations and rules of the PRC; 
3. 
a Legal Person Registered in the PRC (except a Legal Person Registered in the PRC whose 
purchase of the Securities has been conducted pursuant to a programme approved by, or 
registered with, any competent regulator in the PRC) ((i), (ii) and (iii), each a "Domestic 
Investor"); or 
4. 
to a trustee for a trust, where interests in the trust are majority owned by, and the management 
decision over the trust is controlled by, one or more "Domestic Investor(s)". For the avoidance 
of doubt in the case only where a trust's investments are being managed on a discretionary basis 
by an investment manager, such investment manager shall not be deemed to control such entity 
for the purposes hereof by reason only of it being able to control the decision making in relation 
to the entity's financial, investment and/or operating policies. 
All amounts paid or to be paid by any investor in connection with any such Security may not involve 
moneys financed by or sourced from any Domestic Investor in contravention of the laws and regulations 
of the PRC and all applicable laws and regulations of the PRC must be complied with in respect of 
anything done in relation to any such Warrants in, from, or otherwise involving, the PRC.

--- Page 1017 ---
SCHEDULE B – APAC COMPLIANCE SCHEDULE  
991 
 
As used above, the following terms shall bear the meanings given to them below: 
Definitions 
"CSRC" means the China Securities Regulatory Commission of the People's Republic of China. 
"China Connect Service" means the securities trading and clearing links programme through which (i) 
the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and/or its affiliates provides order-routing and related 
services for certain eligible securities traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock 
Exchange or such other stock exchange as may be designated from time to time and (ii) China Securities 
Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited or such 
other clearing system provide clearing, settlement, depository and related services in relation to such 
securities. 
"Legal Person Registered in the PRC" means an entity incorporated or organised in the PRC (excluding 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan region). 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, 
Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan region for this purpose). 
"PRC Citizen" means any person holding a resident identification card of the PRC (excluding Hong 
Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan region). 
A "trust" includes a trust fund or any similar arrangement where the legal title to the trust assets are held 
by a trustee or legal representative but the beneficial interests in the trust assets are held by beneficiaries; 
and trustee shall be construed accordingly. 
"SAFE" means the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People's Republic of China. 
"Shares" means securities that are eligible for trading through the China Connect Service.

--- Page 1018 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
992 
 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
PART A: VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND 
CERTIFICATES  
This Part A of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule shall apply to each Tranche of Securities 
which are Notes or Certificates.  References in this Part A to the "Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule" shall be construed as references to this Part A of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
only. 
All determinations, considerations, elections, selections, conversions (actual or notional) or calculations 
made or decided on in relation to matters set out in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule will be 
determined, considered, elected, selected, converted or calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Each defined term used in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule or in the applicable Issue Terms may 
be included more than once in the applicable Issue Terms and may be attributed a numerical or letter 
suffix value when so included in the applicable Issue Terms. Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted 
as "n", "t" or "i". Each suffix may denote that the relevant term relates to a specific Underlying, item, 
amount, date, or other variable associated with that suffix in order to differentiate such term for each 
identical term which has a different suffix, but will not otherwise amend the meaning of such term. 
For example, an Interest Payment Date may appear as "Interest Payment Date 1" or "Interest Payment 
Date 2" and so on for each Interest Payment Date, or "Interest Payment Date n" (where n=1, 2…and so 
on), in each case when set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Related terms may also include such suffix; 
e.g. "Interest Barrier Level 1" and "Interest Barrier Event 1" could each pertain to Interest Payment Date 
1, "Interest Barrier Level 2" and "Interest Barrier Event 2" could each pertain to Interest Payment Date 
2, and so on. Similarly, by way of further example, a Mandatory Early Redemption Date may appear as 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Date 1" or "Mandatory Early Redemption Date 2" and so on for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, or "Mandatory Early Redemption Date n" (where n=1, 2….and so 
on), in each case when set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Related terms may also include such suffix; 
e.g. "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level 1" and "Mandatory Early Redemption Event 1" could 
each pertain to Mandatory Early Redemption Date 1, "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level 2" 
and "Mandatory Early Redemption Event 2" could each pertain to Mandatory Early Redemption Date 2, 
and so on. The foregoing are examples only: other defined terms set out below and in the Issue terms 
may also be included more than once in the applicable Issue Terms and may be attributed a numerical or 
letter suffix value when so included in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the relevant Security is in the form of a Note, each reference to a Security in this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule shall be construed as a reference to a Note representing a principal amount equal to 
the Calculation Amount for purposes of all calculations and determinations hereunder (save unless 
explicitly provided otherwise). Correspondingly, in such case, each reference in the Issue Terms to "per 
Security" shall be construed as a reference to a "Note representing a principal amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount". 
1. 
Interest and Redemption Provisions 
1.1 
Definitions 
(a) 
Definitions relating to interest 
(i) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
"Interest Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Range Accrual Determination Date" means, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a Business Day or calendar day.  
"Specified Interest Barrier Observation Date" means:  
(A) 
where the Securities are not specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be Range Accrual Securities and in respect of an Interest Payment

--- Page 1019 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
993 
 
Date, each date or dates specified as such for such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such 
date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be 
adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions 
and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, 
an "Interest Barrier Observation Date"; or  
(B) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to 
be Range Accrual Securities and in respect of an Interest Period, 
each Range Accrual Determination Date falling from (and including) 
the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the day falling 
the Cut-Off Number of Business Days prior to the last day of such 
Interest Period (the "Accrual Cut-Off Date") and in respect of each 
Range Accrual Determination Date falling from (and including) the 
Accrual Cut-Off Date to (and including) the last day of such Interest 
Period, the Accrual Cut-Off Date shall be a Specified Interest Barrier 
Observation Date for such day. Each such date shall be deemed to 
be a Specified Valuation Date and: 
(1) 
where Range Accrual Value What You Can Observation is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if, in 
respect of an Interest Barrier Underlying, any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Interest Barrier 
Underlying or is a Disrupted Day for such Interest Barrier 
Underlying, then such date shall be the immediately 
preceding Range Accrual Determination Date that is a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Interest Barrier 
Underlying and is not a Disrupted Day for such Interest 
Barrier Underlying, and each such date, as so adjusted, an 
"Interest Barrier Observation Date". For the avoidance 
of doubt, an Interest Barrier Observation Date may be the 
Interest Barrier Observation Date for more than one Range 
Accrual Determination Date; or 
(2) 
where Range Accrual Move In Block Observation is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if any 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Interest 
Barrier Underlying(s) or is a Disrupted Day for any Interest 
Barrier Underlying, then such date shall be the immediately 
preceding Range Accrual Determination Date that is a 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for 
all 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) and is not a Disrupted Day for any Interest 
Barrier Underlying(s), and each such date, as so adjusted, 
an "Interest Barrier Observation Date". For the 
avoidance of doubt, an Interest Barrier Observation Date 
may be the Interest Barrier Observation Date for more than 
one Range Accrual Determination Date. 
"Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike Date" means, in respect of an 
Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each 
such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be 
adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest 
Initial Floor Strike Date". 
"Specified Interest Strike Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each 
date or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date 
shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as 
provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable 
Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest Strike Date".

--- Page 1020 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
994 
 
"Specified Interest Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Interest 
Payment Date, each date designated as such for such Interest Payment Date 
in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, 
and each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest Valuation Date".  
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Interest Underlying(s), the performance of the 
Interest Underlying(s) and levels of the Interest Underlying(s) 
"A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
which percentage may be 0 (zero) per cent. 
"Absolute Value" or "Abs" means the positive percentage or decimal or 
numerical value of the percentage or decimal or number, as the case may be, 
without regard to its sign (thus for example the Absolute Value of -19 per 
cent. would be 19 per cent. and the Absolute Value of 19 per cent. would be 
19 per cent.). 
"B" means the decimal specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
decimal may be 0 (zero). 
"Best Oasis Performer" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date:  
(A) 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Interest Underlying with the highest (which shall, if, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Interest 
Underlyings are equal highest, be determined in accordance with the 
Equality Adjustment) Oasis Interim Percentage for such Interest 
Payment Date; or 
(B) 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, each Interest Underlying which has one of the X 
highest Oasis Interim Percentages, determined by the Calculation 
Agent by ranking each of the Interest Underlyings in order of their 
Oasis Interim Percentage in respect of such Interest Payment Date 
from highest to lowest, where (i) the Interest Underlying with the 
highest Oasis Interim Percentage will be "Oasis Best Performer 1", 
(ii) the Interest Underlying with the second highest Oasis Interim 
Percentage will be "Oasis Best Performer 2", and so on until (iii) 
the Interest Underlying with the X highest Oasis Interim Percentage 
will be "Oasis Best Performer X", 
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Interest Underlyings have an equal 
Oasis Percentage in respect of such Interest Payment Date, the highest of such 
Interest Underlyings shall be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment. 
"Cross Rate I Designated Page" means, in respect of an Interest Underlying 
and the FX for such Interest Underlying, such page as is specified for such 
Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Cross Rate II Designated Page" means, in respect of an Interest Underlying 
and the FX for such Interest Underlying, such page as is specified for such 
Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Cross Rate I Designated Time" means, in respect of an Interest Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such Interest 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1021 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
995 
 
"Cross Rate II Designated Time" means, in respect of an Interest 
Underlying and the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such 
Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Designated Page" means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and the FX 
for such Interest Underlying, such page as is specified for such Interest 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Designated Time" means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and the FX 
for such Interest Underlying, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
"Equality Adjustment" means that, in respect of two or more performances, 
levels or values determined by the Calculation Agent to be equally high or 
low, the Calculation Agent will deem any of such equal highest or lowest 
performances, levels or values to be the highest or lowest performance, level 
or value, in its discretion. 
"FX" means, for the purpose of this Condition 1.1(a) (Definitions relating to 
interest), where FX Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interest Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) in respect of an Interest 
Underlying and the level or value (as provided on the applicable Electronic 
Page (as defined in Condition 2 (Underlying Valuation Provisions and 
Fallback Provisions for Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities) 
below)) of which is expressed or determined to be in a currency other than the 
Settlement Currency, (being in the case of Dual Currency Securities, the 
Denomination Currency) (the "Relevant Currency"), either: (i) where 
Quanto Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the rate specified for such Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms; 
or (ii) where Compo FX Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid Relevant Currency/Settlement 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the Designated Page at the Designated 
Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or service 
that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
Relevant Currency/Settlement Currency exchange rate or any other page or 
service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays 
such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation Date as 
the Calculation Agent shall determine (expressed as the number of units of 
the Relevant Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Settlement 
Currency can be exchanged) PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be 
determined as specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate; or 
(b) otherwise, 1,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such 
Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be 1 divided by 
the rate calculated pursuant to the above (rounded to four decimal places); or 
(y) if Cross Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be the average of the mid Cross Rate A 
Currency/Cross Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate I 
Designated Page at the Cross Rate I Designated Time on the or each relevant 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the Cross Rate 
I Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid Cross Rate A 
Currency/Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
divided by Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates 
quoted on the Cross Rate II Designated Page at the Cross Rate II Designated 
Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or service 
that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid

--- Page 1022 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
996 
 
Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or any other 
page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal 
places) PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified 
above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate.  
"FX Performance" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
FX perf Final
FX perf Initial 
where, 
"FX Perf Final" means: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Underlying for the Specified Interest Valuation Date 
relating to that Interest Payment Date (or, if more than one such date 
is specified, the last occurring Specified Interest Valuation Date 
relating to that Interest Payment Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX 
Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may 
replace the FX Perf Designated Page for the purpose of displaying 
the mid FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for 
this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as 
specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by 
the rate calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) 
(rounded to four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified 
in respect of such FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final 
shall be the average of the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross 
Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time on the Final 
FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX 
Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to 
four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf 
Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on the Final 
FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the 
FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange

--- Page 1023 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
997 
 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX 
Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to 
four decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as 
specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such 
time(s) and by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
"FX Perf Initial" means either an amount specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if no such amount is so specified: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Underlying for the Specified Interest Strike Date 
relating to that Interest Payment Date (or, if more than one such date 
is specified, the last occurring Specified Interest Strike Date relating 
to that Interest Payment Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX 
Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that 
may replace the FX Perf Designated Page for the purpose of 
displaying the mid FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency 
exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent 
may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at 
such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by 
the rate calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) 
(rounded to four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified 
in respect of such FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final 
shall be the average of the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ FX Perf Cross 
Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time on the Initial 
FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX 
Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to 
four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf 
Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on the Initial 
FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the 
FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX 
Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to 
four decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as 
specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such 
time(s) and by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
Each of "FX Perf Rate", "FX Perf Designated Page", "FX Perf Designated 
Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate B

--- Page 1024 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
998 
 
Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Page", "FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time", "FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page", "FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated 
Time", "Final FX Perf Valuation Date" and "Initial FX Perf Valuation 
Date" shall be as specified in respect of the Interest Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Interest Initial Floor Level" means, in respect of an Interest Initial Floor 
Strike Date and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date and the or each Interest 
Underlying, the product of (A) the Underlying Closing Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Initial Floor Strike Date, as converted by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for the Interest Initial Floor Strike Date, and (B) 
the Interest Initial Floor Percentage. 
"Interest Initial Floor Percentage" means, in respect of an Interest Initial 
Floor Strike Date and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date and the or each 
Interest Underlying, the percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Interest Initial Level" means, in respect of an Interest Valuation Date, 
Interest Valuation Dates, Interest Barrier Observation Date or, as the case may 
be, Interest Barrier Observation Dates, and/or the relevant Interest Payment 
Date and the or each Interest Underlying: 
(A) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Closing Level on Interest Strike Date", the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest Strike Date, 
as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the Interest 
Strike Date; 
(B) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Closing Level on Interest Re-Strike Date IPD", (i) the 
Interest Reference Level for the immediately preceding Interest 
Payment Date and the related Interest Valuation Date(s) or, if none, 
(ii) the Underlying Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on the 
Interest Strike Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if 
any) for the Interest Strike Date; 
(C) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be the "Closing Level on Interest Re-Strike Date IVD", (i) 
the Interest Reference Level for the immediately preceding Interest 
Valuation Date relating to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, (ii) 
if none, the Interest Reference Level for the last occurring Interest 
Valuation Date relating to the immediately preceding Interest 
Payment Date, or (iii) if there has been no such Interest Valuation 
Date, the Underlying Closing Level for the Interest Underlying on 
the Interest Strike Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX 
(if any) for such Interest Valuation Date or Interest Strike Date, as 
the case may be; 
(D) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Interest Strike 
Dates", the arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of 
such Interest Underlying on the Interest Strike Dates, as converted 
first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each 
such Interest Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each

--- Page 1025 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
999 
 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest 
Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(F) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Strike Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest 
Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(G) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest 
Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(H) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Interest Strike Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest 
Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(I) 
a level specified as such for the Interest Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT where "Interest Initial Floor" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Initial Level shall be subject to a 
minimum level equal to the Interest Initial Floor Level. 
"Interest Period Final Reference Level" means, in respect of an Interest 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Reference Level for 
such Interest Underlying on the last occurring Interest Valuation Date in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Initial Reference Level" means, in respect of an Interest 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Initial Level for such 
Interest Underlying on the first occurring Interest Valuation Date in respect 
of the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Strike Level" means, in respect of an Interest Underlying 
and an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Period Strike Level specified for 
such Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms which may, if so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be such Interest Underlying's Interest 
Period Initial Reference Level. 
"Interest Reference Level" means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) 
of the definition of Interest Barrier Event below, in respect of an Interest 
Valuation Date or, as the case may be, Interest Valuation Dates, the related 
Interest Payment Date and the or each Interest Underlying, either: 
(A) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Closing Level on Interest Valuation Date", the 
Underlying Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest 
Valuation Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) 
for such Interest Valuation Date; 
(B) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Interest 
Valuation Dates", the arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest Valuation Dates, as

--- Page 1026 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1000 
 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) 
for each such Interest Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of 
such Interest Underlying on the Interest Valuation Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) 
for each such Interest Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Level of such 
Interest Underlying on the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted 
first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each 
such Interest Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(E) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates", the highest (or equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of 
such Interest Underlying on the Interest Valuation Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) 
for each such Interest Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(F) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates", the highest (or equal highest) Underlying Level of such 
Interest Underlying on the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted 
first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each 
such Interest Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Interest Strike Level" means, in respect of an Interest Underlying, the 
Interest Strike Level specified for such Interest Underlying in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms which may, if so specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, be such Interest Underlying's Interest Initial Level.  
"Interest Underlying" means the or each Underlying (as defined in 
Condition 2(m) (Definitions) below) specified as an Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Interim Outperformance A Underlying(s)" means, in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions, the or each Interest Underlying specified for 
OutPerf A in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Interim Outperformance B Underlying(s)" means, in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions, the or each Interest Underlying specified for 
OutPerf B in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Interim Performance" means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of 
the definition of Interest Barrier Event below, in respect of an Interest 
Payment Date and: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Interest Underlying, an amount expressed as a percentage 
and determined by reference to the following formula, where each

--- Page 1027 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1001 
 
relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Interest Underlying: 
Interest Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date−Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and 
a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim Performance

--- Page 1028 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1002 
 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim 
Performance, the Interim Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage to the Interim Performance determined in 
accordance 
with 
the 
formula 
above 
PROVIDED 
FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage, Minimum Interim Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Interim Performance, 
the Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage shall be 
applied first to the Interim Performance and will not 
override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, all of the Interest Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the 
relevant Interest Underlying: 
∑wn × Interest Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date −Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance

--- Page 1029 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1003 
 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and 
a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim 
Performance, the Interim Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage to the Interim Performance determined in 
accordance 
with 
the 
formula 
above 
PROVIDED 
FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage, Minimum Interim Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Interim Performance, 
the Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage shall be 
applied first to the Interim Performance and will not

--- Page 1030 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1004 
 
override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, each of the 
Interest Underlying, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where each 
relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Interest Underlying: 
Interest Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date−Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and 
a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event

--- Page 1031 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1005 
 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim 
Performance, the Interim Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage to the Interim Performance determined in 
accordance 
with 
the 
formula 
above 
PROVIDED 
FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage, Minimum Interim Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Interim Performance, 
the Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage shall be 
applied first to the Interim Performance and will not 
override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(D) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage and determined by 
reference to the following formula: 
[Outperf A −Outperf B] × 100 
For which purpose: 
"Outperf A" means, in respect of such Interest Payment Date and: 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions 
for Interim Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Interim Outperformance A Underlying, an 
amount expressed as a decimal and determined by reference 
to the following formula, where each relevant constituent 
value is determined in relation to the relevant Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
Interest Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date−Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level

--- Page 1032 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1006 
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an 
Interest Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf A 
is subject to such maximum decimal and 
minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest 
Amount pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 
1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an 
Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal 
(a collar);  
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest 
Amount pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 
1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an 
Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such

--- Page 1033 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1007 
 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions 
for Interim Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, all of the Interim Outperformance A 
Underlyings, an amount expressed as a decimal and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interim Outperformance A Underlying: 
∑wn × Interest Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date −Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an 
Interest Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf A 
is subject to such maximum decimal and 
minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest 
Amount pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 
1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an 
Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal 
(a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest 
Amount pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 
1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an 
Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A

--- Page 1034 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1008 
 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying, each of the Interim 
Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
decimal and determined by reference to the following 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
Interest Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date−Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an 
Interest Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf A 
is subject to such maximum decimal and 
minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest 
Amount pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 
1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an 
Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf

--- Page 1035 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1009 
 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal 
(a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest 
Amount pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 
1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an 
Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
"Outperf B" means, in respect of such Interest Payment Date and 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions 
for Interim Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Outperformance B Underlying, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
Interest Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date−Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an 
Interest Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject 
to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject 
to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified

--- Page 1036 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1010 
 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf B 
is subject to such maximum decimal and 
minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest 
Amount pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 
1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an 
Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject 
to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal 
(a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest 
Amount pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 
1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an 
Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions 
for Interim Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, all of the Interim Outperformance B 
Underlyings, an amount expressed as a decimal and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interim Outperformance B Underlying: 
∑wn × Interest Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date −Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level
n
n=1

--- Page 1037 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1011 
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an 
Interest Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject 
to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject 
to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf B 
is subject to such maximum decimal and 
minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest 
Amount pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 
1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an 
Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject 
to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal 
(a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest 
Amount pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 
1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an 
Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum

--- Page 1038 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1012 
 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying, each of the Interim 
Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
decimal and determined by reference to the following 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
Interest Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date−Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an 
Interest Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject 
to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject 
to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf B 
is subject to such maximum decimal and 
minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest 
Amount pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 
1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an 
Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject 
to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal 
(a collar);  
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest 
Amount pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 
1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an 
Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not

--- Page 1039 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1013 
 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
(E) 
where "Arithmetic Mean Underlying Return" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each of the Interest Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
∑1
𝑛× Underlying Return
𝑛
𝑛=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a

--- Page 1040 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1014 
 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and 
a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim 
Performance, the Interim Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage to the Interim Performance determined in 
accordance 
with 
the 
formula 
above 
PROVIDED 
FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage, Minimum Interim Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Interim Performance, 
the Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage shall be 
applied first to the Interim Performance and will not 
override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(F) 
where "Himalaya Interim Performance – Asian Observation" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Interim Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Underlyings, 
an amount expressed as a percentage and determined as the 
arithmetic mean of the Multiple IVD Interim Performance

--- Page 1041 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1015 
 
Percentage for the relevant Interest Underlying on the Interest 
Valuation Dates in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED HOWEVER 
THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and 
a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim

--- Page 1042 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1016 
 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim 
Performance, the Interim Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage to the Interim Performance determined in 
accordance 
with 
the 
formula 
above 
PROVIDED 
FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage, Minimum Interim Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Interim Performance, 
the Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage shall be 
applied first to the Interim Performance and will not 
override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(G) 
where "Cliquet" is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, each of the 
Interest Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formulae, where each 
relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Interest Underlying: 
I. 
if "Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet" is specified as the 
Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
∑Cliquet Underlying Return −A; or
t
t=1
 
II. 
if "Product of Underlying Return Cliquet" is specified as the 
Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
∏Cliquet Underlying Return −A; or
t
t=1
 
III. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - Sum" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable 
Issue Terms: 
Period Performance −  (∑Cliquet Underlying Return −A
t
t=1
) ; or 
IV. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - 
Sum" is specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Abs (Period Performance) −  (∑Cliquet Underlying Return −A
t
t=1
) ; or

--- Page 1043 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1017 
 
V. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - Product" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable 
Issue Terms: 
Period Performance −(∏Cliquet Underlying Return −A
t
t=1
) ; or 
VI. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - 
Product" is specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Abs (Period Performance) −(∏Cliquet Underlying Return −A
t
t=1
) ; or 
VII. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance - Sum" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable 
Issue Terms: 
(∑Cliquet Underlying Return −A
t
t=1
) −Period Performance; or 
VIII. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance - 
Sum" is specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
(∑Cliquet Underlying Return −A
t
t=1
) −Abs (Period Performance); or 
IX. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance - Product" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable 
Issue Terms: 
(∏Cliquet Underlying Return −A
t
t=1
) −Period Performance; or 
X. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance - 
Product" is specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
(∏Cliquet Underlying Return −A
t
t=1
) −Abs (Period Performance), 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar);

--- Page 1044 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1018 
 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(E), 1.1(a)(iv)(F) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(G) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and 
a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Interim Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim 
Performance, the Interim Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage to the Interim Performance determined in 
accordance 
with 
the 
formula 
above 
PROVIDED 
FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage, Minimum Interim Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied), Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or

--- Page 1045 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1019 
 
Cliquet Interim Performance Floor is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance 
Adjustment Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim 
Performance and will not override the effect of any cap or 
floor that may otherwise apply as a consequence of sub-
paragraphs (1) to (4) above or (6) below; and 
(6) 
if (x) a Cliquet Interim Performance Floor is specified as 
"Cliquet Interim Performance Floor" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Interim Performance for such Interest Valuation 
Date will be subject to a minimum percentage (floor) (if any) 
determined as the Cliquet Interim Performance Floor, or (y) 
a Cliquet Interim Performance Floor is specified as "Global 
Lock-in Floor" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Global 
Lock-in Floor Trigger has been satisfied in respect of any 
Interest Valuation Date, the Interim Performance for such 
Interest Valuation Date will be subject to a minimum 
percentage (floor) of the Global Lock-in Floor Percentage 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
WHERE: 
"Best Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date" means, in respect of each 
Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period, the Interest Valuation 
Date(s) in respect of such Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation 
Period with the Uth highest Cliquet Interim Decimals, determined 
by the Calculation Agent by ranking each of the Interest Valuation 
Dates in order of their Cliquet Interim Decimals from highest to 
lowest, where, (i) the Interest Valuation Date with the highest 
Cliquet Interim Decimal will be the highest ranking, (ii) the Interest 
Valuation Date with the second highest Cliquet Interim Decimal will 
be the second highest ranking, and so on until (iii) the Interest 
Valuation Date with the lowest Cliquet Interim Decimal will be the 
lowest ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Interest Valuation Dates 
have an equal Cliquet Interim Decimal, the highest of such Interest 
Valuation Dates will be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment. 
"Cliquet Interim Performance Floor" means a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent as being the product of (A) an 
amount determined as being the Cliquet Interim Performance Sum 
Integer (if any), that is: 
(a) 
greater than,  
(b) 
greater than or equal to,  
(c) 
less than or equal to, or  
(d) 
less than, (in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of Cliquet Performance Floor): 
the Cliquet Interim Performance Sum determined in respect of each 
Interest Valuation Date relating to that Interest Payment Date and 
(B) if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Interim 
Performance Sum Multiple, otherwise 100%,  
PROVIDED THAT, if the relevant requirements in respect of any 
Cliquet Interim Performance Floor are not satisfied, then there shall 
be no Cliquet Interim Performance Floor.

--- Page 1046 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1020 
 
"Cliquet Interim Performance Sum" means, in respect of an 
Interest Valuation Date and an Interest Payment Date, the sum of all 
Cliquet Underlying Returns determined in respect of each Interest 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date 
occurring prior to (and including) the relevant Interest Valuation 
Date. 
"Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer" means as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, "the highest (or equal highest) positive 
integer", "the highest (or equal highest) integer", "the lowest (or 
equal lowest) positive integer" or "the lowest (or equal lowest) 
integer". For which purpose, an integer shall be any whole number 
(including negative whole numbers and zero) and a positive integer 
shall be any whole number greater than or equal to 1 (one) and, 
where the relevant Cliquet Interim Performance Sum is not a whole 
number, the relevant integer shall be the nearest integer thereto, with 
any amount equal to a multiple of 0.5 being rounded up. 
"Cliquet Underlying Return" means, in respect of the Interest 
Underlying and the Interest Valuation Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, an amount expressed as a decimal calculated 
in accordance with the following formulae (the Cliquet Interim 
Decimal), where each relevant constituent value is determined in 
relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
(A) 
if "Cliquet A", "Cliquet B" or "Cliquet C" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, 
Interest Reference Level for such Interest Valuation Date−Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level
; or 
(B) 
if "Cliquet A Absolute" "Cliquet B Absolute" or "Cliquet C 
Absolute" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Abs  (
Interest Reference Level for such Interest Valuation Date−Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level
) 
PROVIDED THAT, in either case, 
(1) 
if "Cliquet B" or "Cliquet B Absolute" and "Cliquet B 
Highest" are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Cliquet Underlying Return for the or each, as the case may 
be, Best Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date will be deemed 
to be the Cliquet B Highest Return Decimal specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Specified Cliquet 
Interest Valuation Period and not the Cliquet Interim 
Decimal calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
(2) 
if "Cliquet B" or "Cliquet B Absolute" and "Cliquet B 
Lowest" are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Cliquet Underlying Return for the or each, as the case may 
be, Worst Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date will be deemed 
to be the Cliquet B Lowest Return Decimal specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Specified Cliquet 
Interest Valuation Period and not the Cliquet Interim 
Decimal calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
(3) 
if "Cliquet C" or "Cliquet C Absolute" are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Interim Decimal in 
respect of any Interest Valuation Date or any preceding 
Interest Valuation Date in the relevant Interest Period in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date has been either (i)

--- Page 1047 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1021 
 
greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) less than or 
equal to or (iv) less than (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of Cliquet C or Cliquet C Absolute, as 
applicable) the Cliquet C Interest Target specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying Return for 
such Interest Valuation Date will be deemed to be the 
Cliquet C Lock-in Decimal specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and not the Cliquet Interim Decimal calculated in 
accordance with the formula above, 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT: 
(I) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Cap is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Interim Decimal in 
respect of any Interest Valuation Date is greater than such 
Cliquet Underlying Return Cap, the Cliquet Interim 
Decimal for such Interest Valuation Date will be the Cliquet 
Underlying Return Cap; and 
(II) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Floor is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Interim Decimal in 
respect of any Interest Valuation Date is less than such 
Cliquet Underlying Return Cap, the Cliquet Interim 
Decimal for such Interest Valuation Date will be the Cliquet 
Underlying Return Floor. 
"Global Lock-in Floor Trigger" means that, in respect of an 
Interest Valuation Date, the Global Lock-in Sum for such Interest 
Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) greater than or equal to, (c) 
less than or equal to or (d) less than (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of the Global Lock-in Floor Trigger) the 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Global Lock-in Sum" means, in respect of an Interest Valuation 
Date and an Interest Payment Date, the sum of all Cliquet 
Underlying Returns determined in respect of each Interest Valuation 
Date in respect of such Interest Payment Date occurring prior to (and 
including) the relevant Interest Valuation Date. 
"Period Performance" means either Period Performance 1, Period 
Performance 2 or Period Performance 3, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, in each case, if (x) a 
Maximum Period Performance is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Period Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Period Performance is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Period Performance is subject 
to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Period 
Performance and a Minimum Period Performance is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Period Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar). 
"Period Performance 1" means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and an Interest Underlying, a decimal determined in accordance 
with the following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
Interest Period Final Reference Level −Interest Period Strike Level
Interest Period Initial Reference Level
 
"Period Performance 2" means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and an Interest Underlying, a decimal determined in accordance

--- Page 1048 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1022 
 
with the following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying:  
B −Interest Period Final Reference Level −Interest Period Strike Level
Interest Period Initial Reference Level
 
"Period Performance 3" means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and an Interest Underlying, a decimal determined in accordance 
with the following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
B × Interest Period Final Reference Level −Interest Period Strike Level
Interest Period Initial Reference Level
 
"U" means the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms for 
the purpose of determining the Best Cliquet B Interest Valuation 
Dates or the Worst Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date, as the case 
may be. 
"Worst Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date" means, in respect of 
each Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period, the Interest 
Valuation Date(s) in respect of such Specified Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Period with the Uth lowest Cliquet Interim Decimals, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by ranking each of the Interest 
Valuation Dates in order of their Cliquet Interim Decimals from 
lowest to highest, where, (i) the Interest Valuation Date with the 
highest Cliquet Interim Decimal will be the highest ranking, (ii) the 
Interest Valuation Date with the second highest Cliquet Interim 
Decimal will be the second highest ranking, and so on until (iii) the 
Interest Valuation Date with the lowest Cliquet Interim Decimal will 
be the lowest ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Interest Valuation Dates 
have an equal Cliquet Interim Decimal, the highest of such Interest 
Valuation Dates will be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment. 
"Interim Performance Underlying(s)" or "IPU" means, subject to sub-
paragraph (G) of the definition of Interest Barrier Event below, either: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" or "Cliquet" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Underlying; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" or "Arithmetic Mean 
Underlying Return" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, all of 
the Interest Underlyings; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Underlying with the Nth highest (which shall, if, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, two or more Interest Underlyings are equal 
Nth highest, be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment) Interim Performance in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent PROVIDED 
THAT if "Himalaya Interim Performance – European Observation" 
is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Interest 
Payment Date, an Interest Underlying may not be the Interim 
Performance Underlying if such Interest Underlying was the Interim

--- Page 1049 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1023 
 
Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Interest 
Payment Date and any such Interest Underlying will be deemed not 
to be an Interest Underlying for the purpose of determining the 
Interim Performance Underlying in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(D) 
where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Underlying with the Nth lowest (which shall, if, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, two or more Interest Underlyings are equal 
Nth lowest, be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment) Interim Performance in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent PROVIDED 
THAT if "Himalaya Interim Performance – European Observation" 
is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Interest 
Payment Date, an Interest Underlying may not be the Interim 
Performance Underlying if such Interest Underlying was the Interim 
Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Interest 
Payment Date and any such Interest Underlying will be deemed not 
to be an Interest Underlying for the purpose of determining the 
Interim Performance Underlying in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(E) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms and  
(1) 
in respect of Outperf A, the Interest Underlying(s) 
determined in accordance with sub-paragraphs (A) to (D) 
above for which purpose references to (x) "the Interim 
Performance Provisions" shall be deemed to be references 
to "the Interim Performance Provisions for Interim 
Performance A Underlying(s)" and (y) an "Interest 
Underlying" shall be deemed to be references to an Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying; and  
(2) 
in respect of Outperf B, the Interest Underlying(s) 
determined in accordance with sub-paragraphs (A) to (D) 
above for which purpose references to (x) "the Interim 
Performance Provisions" shall be deemed to be references 
to "the Interim Performance Provisions for Interim 
Performance B Underlying(s)" and (y) an "Interest 
Underlying" shall be deemed to be references to an Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying;  
(F) 
where "Himalaya Interim Performance – Asian Observation" and 
"Best of Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as applicable 
in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Valuation Date in respect of 
an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Underlying with the highest 
(which shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two 
or more Interest Underlyings are equal highest, be determined in 
accordance with the Equality Adjustment) Multiple IVD Interim 
Performance Percentage on such Interest Valuation Date, 
PROVIDED THAT an Interest Underlying may not be the Interim 
Performance Underlying in respect of any such Interest Valuation 
Date if such Interest Underlying was the Interim Performance 
Underlying in respect of any preceding Interest Valuation Date for 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such Interest Underlying

--- Page 1050 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1024 
 
will be deemed not to be an Interest Underlying for the purpose of 
determining the Interim Performance Underlying in respect of such 
Interest Valuation Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
or 
(G) 
where "Himalaya Interim Performance – Asian Observation" and 
"Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as applicable 
in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Valuation Date in respect of 
an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Underlying with the lowest 
(which shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two 
or more Interest Underlyings are equal lowest, be determined in 
accordance with the Equality Adjustment) Multiple IVD Interim 
Performance Percentage on such Interest Valuation Date, 
PROVIDED THAT an Interest Underlying may not be the Interim 
Performance Underlying in respect of any such Interest Valuation 
Date if such Interest Underlying was the Interim Performance 
Underlying in respect of any preceding Interest Valuation Date for 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such Interest Underlying 
will be deemed not to be an Interest Underlying for the purpose of 
determining the Interim Performance Underlying in respect of such 
Interest Valuation Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Multiple IVD Interim Performance Percentage" means, in respect of an 
Interest Valuation Date and an Interest Underlying, a percentage, determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Interest Underlying: 
Interest Reference Level in respect of such Interest Valuation Date−Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level
 
"n" means the number of Interest Underlyings specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"t" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the number of Interest 
Valuation Dates specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Return" means, in respect of each Interest Underlying and an 
Interest Payment Date, either: 
(i) 
if "Single Cap - Single Valuation Date" and/or "Single Floor - Single 
Valuation Date" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying 
Return in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the 
relevant Interest Underlying: 
Interest Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date −Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level
 
subject to, (i) if a "Single Cap" is specified in respect of Underlying 
Return in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal 
to the Single Cap specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if a 
"Single Floor" is specified in respect of Underlying Return in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single 
Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if a Single Cap 
and a Single Floor are specified in respect of Underlying Return in 
the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to the 
Single Cap and a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor, 
each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or

--- Page 1051 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1025 
 
(ii) 
if "Single Cap - Multiple Valuation Date" and/or "Single Floor - 
Multiple Valuation Date" is specified as applicable in respect of 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
∑1
t x Interest Reference Level for such Interest Valuation Date −Interest Strike Level
Initial Interest Level
t
t=1
 
subject to, (i) if a "Single Cap" is specified in respect of Underlying 
Return in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal 
to the Single Cap specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if a 
"Single Floor" is specified in respect of Underlying Return in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single 
Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if a Single Cap 
and a Single Floor are specified in respect of Underlying Return in 
the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to the 
Single Cap and a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor, 
each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(iii) 
if "Single Target" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying 
Return in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula 
(the "Single Target Percentage"), where each relevant constituent 
value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
Interest Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date −Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(1) 
if a Single Target Interest Threshold Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Single Target 
Percentage is either (i) equal to or less than, (ii) equal to or 
greater than, (iii) less than, or (iv) greater than the Single 
Target Interest Threshold Percentage (in each case, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), the Underlying 
Return will be the Single Target Underlying Performance 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(2) 
if "Single Target (Barrier)" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, and (i) if "Barrier Event Satisfaction Required" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and an Interest 
Barrier Event has occurred, the Underlying Return will be a 
percentage equal to the Single Target Underlying 
Performance (Barrier Event Satisfied) Percentage, or (ii) if 
"Barrier Event Satisfaction Not Required" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, a percentage equal to the Single Target 
Underlying Performance (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
Percentage; or 
(iv) 
if "Oasis" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying Return 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage 
and determined in accordance with the following formula (the 
"Oasis Interim Percentage"), where each relevant constituent value 
is determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
Interest Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date −Interest Strike Level
Interest Initial Level

--- Page 1052 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1026 
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(1) 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in respect of 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Return for the Best Oasis Performer will be 
deemed to be the Oasis Interest Underlying Performance 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms and not 
the Oasis Interim Percentage calculated in accordance with 
the formula above; or 
(2) 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in 
respect of Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Underlying Return for each Best Oasis Performer will 
be deemed to be the Oasis Interest Underlying Performance 
Percentage specified in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Best Oasis Performer and 
not the Oasis Interim Percentage calculated in accordance 
with the formula above. 
PROVIDED THAT, if (x) a Maximum Underlying Return is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Underlying Return 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Underlying Return is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Underlying Return is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Underlying Return and a Minimum 
Underlying is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Underlying Return is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
"Wn" means 
(A) 
in respect of an Interest Underlying and an Interest Payment 
Date and where Weighted Basket Observation is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Interim Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be a 
percentage weighting for such Interest Underlying 
depending on such Interest Underlying's performance 
determined in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for an Interest 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interim 
Performance of such Interest Underlying shall first be 
calculated as provided in paragraph (C) of the definition of 
Interim Performance and thereafter the Wn shall be 
assigned in accordance with the rankings set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
(B) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying, Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, 
Wn will be a percentage weighting for such Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying depending on such Interim

--- Page 1053 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1027 
 
Outperformance A Underlying's performance determined 
in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for an Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying 
where 
"Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Interim Performance of such Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying shall first be calculated as 
provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf A and 
thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the 
rankings set out in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(C) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying, Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, 
Wn will be a percentage weighting for such Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying depending on such Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying's performance determined 
in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for an Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying 
where 
"Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Interim Performance of such Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying shall first be calculated as 
provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf B and 
thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the 
rankings set out in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT, where "Rainbow Weighting" applies, if two or 
more Interest Underlyings, Interim Outperformance A Underlyings 
or Interim Outperformance B Underlyings have an equal Interim 
Performance, their ranking shall be determined in accordance with 
the Equality Adjustment. 
"X" means the number of Oasis Best Performers specified in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Underlying 
Return. 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of whether interest is due on an 
Interest Payment Date 
An "Interest Barrier Event" will occur in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date, each related Interest Barrier Observation Date in the case of (G) below, 
and, as applicable, the relevant Interest Period, if: 
(A) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Interest Barrier Event European Observation", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Closing 
Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Interest Barrier 
Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying 
Closing Levels of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s), satisfy the 
relevant Interest Barrier Level on the Interest Barrier Observation 
Date; 
(B) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Interest Barrier Event European Performance

--- Page 1054 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1028 
 
Observation", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Interim Performance of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) in respect 
of such Interest Payment Date satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier 
Level; 
(C) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Interest Barrier Event American Observation – Closing 
Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) 
Underlying Closing Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect 
of the Interest Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum 
of the Underlying Closing Levels of the Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level on each 
Interest Barrier Observation Date; 
(D) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Interest Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-
Day Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) 
Underlying Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the 
Interest Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the 
Underlying Levels of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Interest Barrier Level on each Interest Barrier Observation 
Date; 
(E) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level", the (i) Underlying Closing Level or 
(ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Interest Barrier Event in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing 
Levels of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant 
Interest Barrier Level on any Interest Barrier Observation Date;  
(F) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is 
specified in respect of the Interest Barrier Event in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Levels of the Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level on any 
Interest Barrier Observation Date;  
(G) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Interest Barrier Event American Performance 
Observation", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) 
Interim Performance or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the 
Interest Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the 
Interim Performances of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) in respect 
of such Interest Payment Date and each Interest Barrier Observation 
Date related thereto, satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level and, 
as the Interim Performance shall be calculated in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Observation Date relating to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, then:  
I. 
reference in the definition of Interim Performance to 
"Interest Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date" 
shall be construed to be to the "Underlying Closing Level 
for the relevant Interest Underlying for the relevant Interest 
Barrier Observation Date converted at the FX on such 
Interest Barrier Observation Date"; and  
II. 
reference to Interim Performance being calculated "in 
respect of an Interest Payment Date" or "for an Interest

--- Page 1055 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1029 
 
Payment Date" shall be construed to be to "in respect of or, 
as the case may be, for an Interest Payment Date and the 
relevant Interest Barrier Observation Date"; and 
III. 
the Interim Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be 
determined in respect of the relevant Interest Barrier 
Observation Date; and/or  
(H) 
where "Interest Barrier Event Lock-In" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent an Interest Lock-in Event has occurred in respect of any prior 
Interest Payment Date. 
As used above, "satisfy" means that the relevant Underlying Closing Level, 
Interim Performance or Underlying Level, as the case may be, are in the case 
of (i) below in the definition of Interest Barrier Level, greater than, greater 
than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in relation to the relevant Interest Barrier Event, the 
relevant Interest Barrier Level; or in the case of (ii) below in the definition of 
Interest Barrier Level, are neither less than or less than (or equal to) the 
relevant Lower Interest Barrier Level nor greater than or greater than (or equal 
to), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms the relevant Upper Interest 
Barrier Level, all as determined by the Calculation Agent and, in each case, 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Multi-
Chance Securities, an Interest Barrier Event shall be determined in respect of 
each Interest Barrier Underlying separately (as the Interest Amount due on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date is dependent on the number of Interest 
Barrier Underlyings for which an Interest Barrier Event occurs). 
Where: 
"Interest Barrier Underlying(s)" means the Interest Underlying(s) specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Interest Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date and 
an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings, (i) where a single Interest Barrier Level is specified, whichever 
of greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to) 
in respect of an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the 
Interest Barrier Underlyings as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
percentage level, amount or value specified as such for such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) where 
percentage levels, amounts or values are specified in respect of an Interest 
Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, one as a Lower Interest Barrier Level and one as an 
Upper Interest Barrier Level for such Interest Barrier Underlying, that the 
Interest Barrier Level shall mean any level that is greater than or greater than 
(or equal to) such Lower Interest Barrier Level and less than or less than (or 
equal to) such Upper Interest Barrier Level. 
"Interest Lock-in Event" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, each 
related Interest Barrier Observation Date in the case of (G) above, and, as 
applicable, the relevant Interest Period, that an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred and on the Interest Payment Date or Interest Barrier Observation 
Date(s), as the case may be, on which the Interest Barrier Level was, as the 
case may be, or were satisfied the relevant Underlying Level, Underlying 
Closing Level or Interim Performance, as the case may be, used to determine 
the satisfaction of the Interest Barrier Level in respect of the Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) also satisfied the Interest Lock-in Level. For such purpose,

--- Page 1056 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1030 
 
"satisfy" shall be construed as set out in the definition of Interest Barrier Event 
above. 
"Interest Lock-in Level" means in respect of an Interest Payment Date and 
an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings, (i) where a single Interest Lock-in Level is specified, whichever 
of greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to) 
in respect of an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the 
Interest Barrier Underlyings as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
percentage level specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) where percentage levels are 
specified in respect of an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, 
all of the Interest Barrier Underlyings for such Interest Payment Date in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms one as a Lower Interest Lock-in 
Level and one as an Upper Interest Lock-in Level for such Interest Barrier 
Underlying, that the Interest Lock-in Level shall mean any level that is greater 
than (or equal to) such Lower Interest Lock-in Level and less than (or equal 
to) such Upper Interest Lock-in Level. 
(iv) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the amount of interest due on 
an Interest Payment Date 
"Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date:  
(A) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to 
be Fixed Rate Securities (other than Fixed Rate Securities that are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Lookback Securities, 
Multi-Chance Securities or Range Accrual Securities), Floating Rate 
Securities, CMS Rate Securities, Spread Securities, Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities, Buy the Dip Securities, Inflation Rate 
Securities, DIR Inflation Linked Interest Securities, Digital 
Securities, Digital Band Securities, Inverse Floating Rate Securities, 
Volatility Bond Securities, Synthetic Forward Rate Securities, 
Previous Coupon Linked Securities, FX Performance Securities, 
Reserve Coupon Securities, Global Interest Floor Securities, Global 
Interest Cap Securities or Restructure Interest Rate Securities the 
amount (if any) determined as provided in Condition 4 (Provisions 
relating to Interest) below and in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(B) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to 
be Fixed Rate Securities that are Lookback Securities, and where 
interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, (i) the amount in respect 
of each Security specified as the "Interest Amount" for such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms plus 
(ii) the sum of the amounts specified as the "Interest Amount" (if any) 
in respect of all of the Interest Payment Dates (if any) falling prior 
to such Interest Payment Date (x) on which an Interest Barrier Event 
did not occur and, therefore, such Interest Amount(s) was not paid 
on such prior Interest Payment Date and (y) which have not already 
been accounted for as described in this part (ii) on any prior Interest 
Payment Date, PROVIDED THAT the Securities may be expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Fixed Rate Securities that are 
Lookback Securities in respect of one or more specified Interest 
Amounts payable in respect of one or more specified Interest 
Payment Dates only, provided further that where more than one 
Interest Barrier Observation Dates are specified in respect of a 
relevant Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms and 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level" or "Interest Barrier Event American

--- Page 1057 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1031 
 
One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level" and (a) where "Memory 
Effect" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Interest Amount shall be the amount in respect of each Security 
specified as the "Interest Amount" in respect of the most recent 
related Interest Barrier Observation Date for which an Interest 
Barrier Event has occurred in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or (b) where "Without Memory Effect" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Amount shall 
be the sum of the amounts specified as the "Interest Amount" in 
respect of all of the related Interest Barrier Observation Dates (if 
any), (falling prior to such Interest Payment Date) for which an 
Interest Barrier Event has occurred in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms;  
(C) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to 
be Fixed Rate Securities that are Multi-Chance Securities, and where 
interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, the amount in respect of 
each Security specified as the "Interest Amount" for the number of 
Interest Barrier Underlying(s) for which an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as the Interest Amount due 
shall depend on the number of Interest Barrier Underlyings for which 
an Interest Barrier Event occurs); 
(D) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to 
be Fixed Rate Securities that are Range Accrual Securities, the 
amount (if any) determined as provided in Condition 4 (Provisions 
relating to Interest) below and in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
shall specify that the applicable Day Count Fraction shall be 
multiplied by the applicable Accrual Rate. The applicable Accrual 
Rate in respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest Payment 
Date shall be an amount expressed as a decimal determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Days Accrued
Days Observed 
Where: 
"Days Accrued" means the number of Interest Barrier Observation 
Dates in such Interest Period on which an Interest Barrier Event 
occurs. 
"Days Observed" means the number of Range Accrual 
Determination Dates in such Interest Period; 
(E) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to 
be Interim Performance Interest Securities and where interest is due 
in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in respect of each Security 
determined by reference to either: 
I. 
where neither an Interest Participation Rate nor an Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s); or

--- Page 1058 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1032 
 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)x IPR; or 
III. 
where an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no Interest Participation Rate or 
Interest Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)x FX Performance; or 
IV. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation 
Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s) +  Interest Adjustments; or 
V. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)x IPR x FX Performance; or 
VI. 
where an Interest Participation Rate and Interest Adjustment 
are specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)x IPR + Interest Adjustment; or 
VII. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation 
Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)x FX Performance + Interest Adjustment; or 
VIII. 
where an Interest Participation Rate and an Interest 
Adjustment are specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s) x IPR x FX Performance +
Interest Adjustment 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I to VIII above, that 
if (x) a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such 
Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum 
amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such

--- Page 1059 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1033 
 
minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interest Amount and 
a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a 
minimum amount (a collar); 
(F) 
where the Securities are expressed to be Twin Win Interim 
Performance Interest Securities and where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms, any amount in respect of each Security 
determined by reference to either: 
I. 
where neither an Interest Participation Rate or an Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  Abs (Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)); or 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  Abs (Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)) ×  IPR; or 
III. 
where an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no Interest Participation Rate or 
Interest Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  Abs (Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)) ×  FX Performance; or 
IV. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation 
Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  Abs (Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)) +  Interest Adjustment; or 
V. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  Abs (Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)) ×  IPR  ×  FX Performance; or 
VI. 
where an Interest Participation Rate and Interest Adjustment 
are specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  Abs (Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)) ×  IPR  +  Interest Adjustment; or 
VII. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX

--- Page 1060 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1034 
 
Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  Abs (Interim Performance of Interim Peformance Underlying(s)) ×  FX Performance  +  Interest Adjustment; or 
VIII. 
where an Interest Participation and an Interest Adjustment 
are specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  Abs (Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)) ×  IPR  ×  FX Performance + Interest Adjustment 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I to VIII above, that 
if (x) a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such 
Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum 
amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interest Amount and 
a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a 
minimum amount (a collar); and 
(G) 
where the Securities are expressed to be Reverse Interim 
Performance Interest Securities and where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms, any amount in respect of each Security 
determined by reference to either: 
I. 
where neither an Interest Participation Rate nor an Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)); or 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅); or 
III. 
where an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no Interest Participation Rate or 
Interest Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
IV. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation 
Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or

--- Page 1061 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1035 
 
V. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
VI. 
where an Interest Participation Rate and Interest Adjustment 
are specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅) +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VII. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x (𝑍% – 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠))𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VIII. 
where an Interest Participation and an Interest Adjustment 
are specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I to VIII above, that 
if (x) a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such 
Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum 
amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interest Amount and 
a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a 
minimum amount (a collar). 
Where Target Mandatory Early Redemption (Capped) Provisions is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
relevant Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G) or (H) above, as applicable, 
but such Interest Amount so determined shall be subject to a 
maximum amount (a cap). Such cap shall be an amount determined 
to be the Target Mandatory Early Redemption Threshold Amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms less (1) the sum of all the 
Interest Amount(s) (if any) paid in respect of a Security for all the 
Interest Payment Date(s) (if any) falling prior to such Interest 
Payment Date and (2) where "Include Any Non-Contingent Interest 
Amount" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
sum of all the Non-Contingent Interest Amount(s) (if any) paid in 
respect of a Security for all the Non-Contingent Interest Payment 
Date(s) (if any) falling prior to such Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 1062 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1036 
 
(b) 
Definitions relating to Mandatory Early Redemption 
(i) 
Dates 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment Date or MER Coupon 
Payment Date" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, 
each date specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Date or MER Date" means each date 
specified as such in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Specified Early Exit MER Barrier Observation Date" means in respect 
of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, an Early 
Exit MER Barrier Event), each date or dates specified as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Early 
Exit MER Barrier Event) in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall 
be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided 
in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, 
and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be an "Early Exit MER Barrier 
Observation Date".  
"Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date" or 
"Specified MER Barrier Observation Date" means in respect of a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event), each date or dates specified as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified 
Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as 
so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date" or a "MER Barrier Observation Date".  
"Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date" or 
"Specified MER Initial Floor Strike Date" means, in respect of an 
Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each 
such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be 
adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date" or a "MER 
Initial Floor Strike Date". 
"Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date or Specified MER 
Strike Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each date or dates specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a 
Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation 
and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such 
date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date" 
or a "MER Strike Date". 
"Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation 
Date or Specified MER Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date" means, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, each date designated as such 
for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified 
Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as 
so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event Valuation Date" or "MER Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date".

--- Page 1063 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1037 
 
"Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date" means, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, each date designated as such 
for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified 
Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as 
so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date".  
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s), 
the performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) and 
levels of the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) 
"Cross Rate I Designated Page" means, in respect of a MER Underlying and 
the FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such MER 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Cross Rate II Designated Page" means, in respect of a MER Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such MER 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Cross Rate I Designated Time" means, in respect of a MER Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such MER Underlying 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Cross Rate II Designated Time" means, in respect of a MER Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such MER Underlying 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Designated Page" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and the FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Designated Time" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and the FX for such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, 
the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Equality Adjustment" means that, in respect of two or more performances, 
levels or values determined by the Calculation Agent to be equally high or 
low, the Calculation Agent will deem any of such equal highest or lowest 
performances, levels or values to be the highest or lowest performance, level 
or value, in its discretion. 
"FX" means, for the purpose of this Condition 1.1(b), where FX Provisions 
are specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of (a) a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying and the level or value (as provided on the applicable 
Electronic Page (as defined in Condition 2 (Underlying Valuation Provisions 
and Fallback Provisions for Securities other than Underlying Linked 
Securities) below)) of which is expressed or determined to be in a currency 
other than the Settlement Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) (the Relevant Currency), either: (i) 
where Quanto Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the rate specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
in the applicable Issue Terms; or (ii) where Compo FX Provisions are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid 
Relevant Currency/Settlement Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
Designated Page at the Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation 
Date (or such other page or service that may replace the Designated Page for 
the purpose of displaying the mid Relevant Currency/Settlement Currency 
exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select 
for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or

--- Page 1064 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1038 
 
each relevant Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
(expressed as the number of units of the Relevant Currency (or part thereof) 
for which one unit of the Settlement Currency can be exchanged) PROVIDED 
THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified above it shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such 
source(s) as it deems appropriate; or (b) otherwise, 1,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such 
MER Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be 1 divided by the 
rate calculated pursuant to the above (rounded to four decimal places); or (y) 
if Cross Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be the average of the mid Cross Rate A 
Currency/Cross Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate I 
Designated Page at the Cross Rate I Designated Time on the or each relevant 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the Cross Rate 
I Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid Cross Rate A 
Currency/Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
divided by Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates 
quoted on the Cross Rate II Designated Page at the Cross Rate II Designated 
Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or service 
that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or any other 
page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal 
places) PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified 
above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate.  
"FX Performance" means, in respect of a MER Date, an amount expressed 
as a percentage and determined in accordance with the following formula:  
FX Perf Final
FX Perf Initial 
where, 
"FX Perf Final" means: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Underlying for the Specified MER Valuation Date 
relating to that MER Date (or, if more than one such date is specified, 
the last occurring Specified MER Valuation Date relating to that 
MER Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX 
Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may 
replace the FX Perf Designated Page for the purpose of displaying 
the mid FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for 
this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as 
specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be determined by the

--- Page 1065 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1039 
 
Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by 
the rate calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) 
(rounded to four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified 
in respect of such FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final 
shall be the average of the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ FX Perf Cross 
Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time on the Final 
FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX 
Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to 
four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf 
Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on the Final 
FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the 
FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX 
Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to 
four decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as 
specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such 
time(s) and by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
"FX Perf Initial" means either an amount specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if no such amount is so specified: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Underlying for the Specified MER Strike Date relating 
to that MER Date (or, if more than one such date is specified, the last 
occurring Specified MER Strike Date relating to that MER Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX 
Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that 
may replace the FX Perf Designated Page for the purpose of 
displaying the mid FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency 
exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent 
may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at 
such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by 
the rate calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) 
(rounded to four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified 
in respect of such FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final 
shall be the average of the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross 
Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I

--- Page 1066 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1040 
 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time on the Initial 
FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX 
Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to 
four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf 
Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on the Initial 
FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the 
FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX 
Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to 
four decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as 
specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such 
time(s) and by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
Each of "FX Perf Rate", "FX Perf Designated Page", "FX Perf Designated 
Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated 
Page", "FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time", "Final FX Perf Valuation 
Date" and "Initial FX Perf Valuation Date" shall be as specified in respect of 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor Level" or "MER Initial Floor 
Level" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying and 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the product of (A) the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date, as converted by 
reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Initial Floor Strike Date, and (B) the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial 
Floor Percentage. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor Percentage" or "MER Initial 
Floor Percentage" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage rate (if 
any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level or MER Initial Level" 
means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the definition of 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event below, in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date", the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date, as converted by reference to the relevant 
FX (if any) for the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date; 
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Closing Level on MER Re-strike 
Date", the Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying on the immediately preceding MER Date or, 
if none, the Underlying Closing Level for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike

--- Page 1067 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1041 
 
Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date; 
(C) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level 
on Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates", the arithmetic 
average of the Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX 
(if any) for each such Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal 
lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX 
(if any) for each such Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal 
lowest) Underlying Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) 
for each such Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(F) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates", the highest (or equal 
highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX 
(if any) for each such Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(G) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates", the highest (or equal 
highest) Underlying Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) 
for each such Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(H) 
a level specified as such for the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT where "MER Initial Floor" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level 
shall be subject to a minimum level equal to the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Initial Floor Level. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying(s)" 
means, in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions, the or each Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1068 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1042 
 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying(s)" 
means, in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions, the or each Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Performance" or "MER Performance" 
means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the definition of 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event below, in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date and: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying, an amount expressed as a percentage and determined by 
reference to the following formula, where each relevant constituent 
value is determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date−MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage is specified in the Table set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage is specified in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage and 
a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage is specified in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar), 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage

--- Page 1069 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1043 
 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions 
in the applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where each 
relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying: 
∑wn  ×   MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage is specified in the Table set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage is specified in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage and 
a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance

--- Page 1070 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1044 
 
Percentage is specified in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption

--- Page 1071 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1045 
 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each of the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to 
the following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date−MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage is specified in the Table set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage is specified in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage and 
a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage is specified in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the

--- Page 1072 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1046 
 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
(D) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage 
and determined by reference to the following formula: 
[Outperf A −Outperf B] × 100 
For which purpose: 
"Outperf A" means, in respect of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and: 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Provisions for Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying, an amount expressed as a decimal and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date−MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, in respect of Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying (x) a Maximum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue

--- Page 1073 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1047 
 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum 
decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A and a 
Minimum Outperf A is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked Mandatory Early Redemption Amount 
pursuant to Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked Mandatory Early Redemption Amount 
pursuant to Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has 
not occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar);

--- Page 1074 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1048 
 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Provisions for Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, 
all 
of 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
decimal and determined by reference to the following 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying: 
∑wn  ×   MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, in respect of Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying (x) a Maximum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum 
decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A and a 
Minimum Outperf A is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked Mandatory Early Redemption Amount 
pursuant to Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); and

--- Page 1075 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1049 
 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked Mandatory Early Redemption Amount 
pursuant to Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has 
not occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); or 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions for 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying, each of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
decimal and determined by reference to the following 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date−MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
 if, in respect of Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying (x) a Maximum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum 
decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A and a 
Minimum Outperf A is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar);

--- Page 1076 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1050 
 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked Mandatory Early Redemption Amount 
pursuant to Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked Mandatory Early Redemption Amount 
pursuant to Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has 
not occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar). 
"Outperf B" means, in respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
and: 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions 
for Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Outperformance B Underlying, an 
amount expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date−MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is

--- Page 1077 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1051 
 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions 
for Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount expressed as a decimal 
and determined by reference to the following formula, where each 
relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying: 
∑wn  ×   MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:

--- Page 1078 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1052 
 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Provisions for Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying, each of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the following

--- Page 1079 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1053 
 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in 
relation 
to 
the 
relevant 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date−MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is

--- Page 1080 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1054 
 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar). 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s)" or 
"MERPU" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, subject 
as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the definition of Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event below, either: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions 
in the applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlyings; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
with the Nth highest (which shall, if, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, two or more Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlyings are equal Nth highest, be determined in 
accordance with the Equality Adjustment) Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance in respect of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(D) 
where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
with the Nth lowest (which shall, if, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, two or more Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlyings are equal Nth lowest, be determined in 
accordance with the Equality Adjustment) Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance in respect of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(E) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions 
in the applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying(s) and Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying(s).  
"Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level" or "MER Reference 
Level" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date 
or, as the case may be, Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, the 
related Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the or each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying, either: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date", the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date, as converted by 
reference to the relevant FX (if any) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Date;

--- Page 1081 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1055 
 
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Arithmetic Average 
Closing Level on Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates", 
the arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by 
reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level 
on Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the lowest (or 
equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day 
Level on Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the lowest 
(or equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Closing Level 
on Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the highest (or 
equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(F) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Intra-day 
Level on Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Level of such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Wn" means 
(A) 
in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying and a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date and where Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the percentage weighting specified for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where 
"Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, 
Wn will be a percentage weighting for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying depending on such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying's performance determined in respect of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. Accordingly, in order 
to determine Wn for a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption

--- Page 1082 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1056 
 
Performance of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying shall 
first be calculated as provided in paragraph (C) of the definition of 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance and thereafter the Wn 
shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
(B) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying, Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, 
in 
respect 
of 
a 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying and a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date, the percentage weighting specified for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage weighting for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying depending on 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying's 
performance determined in respect of the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date. Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying where 
"Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying shall 
first be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of 
Outperf A and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with 
the rankings set out in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(C) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying, Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, 
in 
respect 
of 
a 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying and a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date, the percentage weighting specified for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage weighting for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying depending on such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying's 
performance determined in respect of the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date. Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying where 
"Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying shall 
first be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of 
Outperf B and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with 
the rankings set out in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT, where "Rainbow Weighting" applies, if two or more 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings, Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlyings or Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlyings have an equal Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance, their ranking shall be determined in accordance with the 
Equality Adjustment. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Level" or "MER Strike Level" 
means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Level specified for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying in the Table set out in the applicable Issue

--- Page 1083 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1057 
 
Terms which may, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying's Mandatory Early Redemption 
Initial Level.  
"Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s)" or "MER Underlying(s)" 
means, in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions, the or each 
Underlying specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and therefore that the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount will be due on the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
An "Early Exit MER Barrier Event" will occur in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, if: 
(A) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
European Observation", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Early Exit MER Barrier Level on 
the Early Exit MER Barrier Observation Date; 
(B) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
American Observation – Closing Level", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Early Exit 
MER Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Early Exit MER 
Barrier Level on each Early Exit MER Barrier Observation Date;  
(C) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
American Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Level of the Early Exit MER 
Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Early Exit MER Barrier 
Level on each Early Exit MER Barrier Observation Date; 
(D) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Closing Level", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing 
Level of the Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Early Exit MER Barrier Level on any Early Exit MER 
Barrier Observation Date; or  
(E) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Level of the 
Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Early Exit 
MER Barrier Level on any Early Exit MER Barrier Observation 
Date. 
A "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" will occur in respect of 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, or each related MER Barrier 
Observation Date in the case of (G) below, if: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event European Observation" and:

--- Page 1084 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1058 
 
(1) 
where "Autocall Memory Event" is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying 
Closing Level of the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date; or  
(2) 
where "Autocall Memory Event" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms and where (I) the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) is specified as 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms and where "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in 
the applicable Issue Terms, or (II) the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) is specified as all of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings in the 
applicable Issue Terms, either: 
(a) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level on the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of each Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying(s) satisfy or have 
satisfied 
the 
relevant 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Level on any Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date(s) in 
respect of any Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date(s) falling on or prior to such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date (which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, may be satisfied on the same or different 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date(s) or Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) 
in respect of each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying(s));  
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event European Performance Observation", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Level; 
(C) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event American Observation – Closing Level", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing 
Level of the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) 
satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on 
each Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date;  
(D) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption

--- Page 1085 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1059 
 
Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Level of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date; 
(E) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event American One-Touch Observation – Closing Level" 
and: 
(1) 
where "Autocall Memory Event" is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying 
Closing Level of the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level on any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date; or  
(2) 
where "Autocall Memory Event" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms and where (I) the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) is specified as 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms and where "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in 
the applicable Issue Terms, or (II) the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) is specified as all of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings in the 
applicable Issue Terms, either: 
(a) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level on any Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Observation Date; or  
(b) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of each Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying(s) satisfy or have 
satisfied 
the 
relevant 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Level on any Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date(s) in 
respect of any Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date(s) falling on or prior to such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date (which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, may be satisfied on the same or different 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date(s) or Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) 
in respect of each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying(s)); 
(F) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level", 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Level 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy 
the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date;

--- Page 1086 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1060 
 
(G) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event American Performance Observation", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and each Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date related thereto, satisfy the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Level and, as the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance shall be calculated in respect of each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date relating to 
the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date, then:  
I. 
reference in the definition of Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance to "Mandatory Early Redemption Reference 
Level for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date" shall be 
construed to be to the "Underlying Closing Level for the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying for the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date converted at the FX on such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date"; and  
II. 
reference to Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
being calculated "in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date" or "for a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date" shall be construed to be to "in respect of or, as the case 
may be, for a Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date"; 
III. 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying(s) (if any) shall be determined in respect of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date; or 
(H) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Target Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent and in respect of the Interest Payment Date or, as the case may 
be, Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date: 
(1) 
the sum of the aggregate Interest Amount(s) paid in respect 
of all of the Interest Payment Dates falling prior to such 
Interest Payment Date or such Non-Contingent Interest 
Payment Date; 
(2) 
and, where "Include Any Non-Contingent Interest 
Amount" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the sum of the aggregate Non-Contingent Interest 
Amount(s) paid in respect of all of the Non-Contingent 
Interest Payment Dates falling prior to such Interest 
Payment Date or such Non-Contingent Interest Payment 
Date; and 
(3) 
where: 
(a) 
"Include Any Interest Amount Due On Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, and any Interest Amount 
due on such Interest Payment Date (and, where

--- Page 1087 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1061 
 
"Include Any Non-Contingent Interest Amount" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, any Non-Contingent Interest Amount due 
on such Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date); 
or 
(b) 
"Exclude 
Any 
Interest 
Amount 
Due 
On 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date " is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, but excluding any 
Interest Amount due on such Interest Payment 
Date and excluding any Non-Contingent Interest 
Amount due on such Non-Contingent Interest 
Payment Date; and 
(4) 
where "Interest Rollup" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of all the Interest Amounts 
determined in respect of (i) the Interest Period ending on or 
about such Mandatory Early Redemption Date (the "End 
Interest Period") and (ii) each Interest Period preceding 
the End Interest Period, 
in each case, is equal to or greater than the Target Mandatory Early 
Redemption Threshold Amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
PROVIDED THAT where "Early Exit MER Barrier Event" is specified as 
applicable in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event will occur in 
respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Date if either (1) any such event 
in paragraph (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G) or (H) above, as applicable, 
occurs in respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Date, or (2) an Early 
Exit MER Barrier Event occurs in respect of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date. 
A "Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event" or "MER Upper 
Barrier Event" will occur in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
if: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event European Performance Observation", in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date satisfy the MER Upper Barrier Percentage; or 
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event European Observation", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing 
Level of the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) 
satisfy the MER Upper Barrier Percentage on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date. 
As used in (A) and (B) above, "satisfy" means that the relevant Underlying 
Closing Level, Mandatory Early Redemption Performance or Underlying 
Level, as the case may be, are in the case of (i) below in the definition of 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level, greater than, greater than (or 
equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event, the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level; or in the case

--- Page 1088 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1062 
 
of (ii) below in the definition of Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level, 
are neither less than the relevant Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level nor greater than the relevant Upper Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Level, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; or in the case of 
the definition of MER Upper Barrier Percentage below, are greater than, 
greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), as applicable, 
the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level. 
Where: 
"Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s)" or "Early Exit MERBU" means, 
in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may 
be, an Early Exit MER Barrier Event), the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Early Exit MER Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, an Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event):  
(i) 
other than where any Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level and Early 
Exit Upper MER Barrier Level are specified for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit 
MER Barrier Event) in respect of such Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlyings, whichever of greater than, greater than (or equal to), 
less than or less than (or equal to), as is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, (A) the percentage level specified as such for such 
Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit MER 
Barrier Event) in the applicable Issue Terms; or  
(ii) 
where any Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level and Early Exit 
Upper MER Barrier Level are specified for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit MER 
Barrier Event) in respect of an Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying 
or, as the case may be, the Early Exit MER Barrier Underlyings in 
the applicable Issue Terms one as an Early Exit Lower MER Barrier 
Level and one as an Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level for such 
Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying, that the Early Exit MER Barrier 
Level shall mean any level that is greater than (or equal to) such 
Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level and less than (or equal to) such 
Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level. 
"Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, an Early Exit MER 
Barrier Event) and an Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying or, as the case may 
be, the Early Exit MER Barrier Underlyings, the percentage level specified as 
such for such Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event) in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, an Early Exit MER 
Barrier Event) and an Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying or, as the case may 
be, the Early Exit MER Barrier Underlyings, the percentage level specified as 
such for such Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event) in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Latest Preceding MER Level" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or,

--- Page 1089 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1063 
 
as the case may be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings 
(the "Relevant MERBU(s)"): 
(A) 
where "Performance" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Latest Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Reset MER 
Underlying(s), in each case, in respect of the most recently preceding 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date for which the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Reset MER Barrier Level" or "Latest Reset MER Barrier 
Level"; or  
(B) 
where "Performance Product" is specified as applicable in respect of 
the Latest Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount determined to be the product of (I) the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each 
case, in respect of the most recently preceding Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date for which the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Reset 
MER Barrier Level" or "Latest Reset MER Barrier Level", and (II) 
the Performance Product Base Level of the Relevant MERBU(s); or 
(C) 
where "Reference Level" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Latest Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the MER 
Reference Level, in respect of the most recently preceding 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date for which the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Reset MER Barrier Level" or "Latest Reset MER Barrier 
Level", of the Relevant MERBU(s). 
"Latest Reset MER Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, 
as the case may be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, an 
amount determined by reference to the following formula: 
Max(Reset MER Floor Level,  Latest Preceding MER Level) 
"Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level" or "Lower MER 
Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
(and/or, as the case may be, a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may 
be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, the percentage 
level specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case 
may be, such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s)" or "MERBU" 
means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case 
may be, a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event), the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level" or "MER Barrier Level" 
means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case 
may be, a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event):  
(i) 
other than where any Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level and Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level are 
specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the 
case may be, such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) in 
respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or,

--- Page 1090 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1064 
 
as the case may be, Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlyings, whichever of greater than, greater than (or equal to), 
less than or less than (or equal to), as is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, (A) the percentage level specified as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) in the Table set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms, (B) if "Reset MER Barrier Level" is 
specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as 
the case may be, such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) 
in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, the Reset MER 
Barrier Level in respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date, or 
(C) if "Latest Reset MER Barrier Level" is specified as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) in the Table set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Latest Reset MER Barrier Level in 
respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date; or  
(ii) 
where any Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level and 
Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level are specified for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) in respect of a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may 
be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms one as a Lower 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level and one as an Upper 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying, that the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level shall mean any level that is greater than 
(or equal to) such Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level 
and less than (or equal to) such Upper Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Level. 
"MER Upper Barrier Percentage" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying, 
whenever of greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or 
equal to), as is specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage level specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Performance Product Base Level"  means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, 
as the case may be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, 
the level specified as such for the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s) in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s). 
"Preceding MER Level" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, 
as the case may be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings 
(the "Relevant MERBU(s)"): 
(A) 
where "Performance" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in

--- Page 1091 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1065 
 
each case, in respect of the immediately preceding Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date; or  
(B) 
where "Performance Product" is specified as applicable in respect of 
the Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
determined to be the product of (I) the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case, in 
respect of the immediately preceding Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date, and (II) the Performance Product Base Level of the Relevant 
MERBU(s); or 
(C) 
where "Reference Level" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the MER 
Reference Level in respect of the immediately preceding Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date of the Relevant MERBU(s). 
"Reset MER Underlying(s)" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event), the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reset MER Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, 
as the case may be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, an 
amount determined by reference to the following formula: 
Max(Reset MER Floor Level,  Preceding MER Level) 
"Reset MER Floor Level" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, 
as the case may be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, 
the percentage level specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level" or "Upper MER 
Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
(and/or, as the case may be, a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may 
be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, the percentage 
level specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case 
may be, such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iv) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount due if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred 
"Early Exit MER Amount" means, in respect of each Security and a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" means, in 
respect of each Security and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, either  
(A) 
where 
the 
relevant 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to 
be Put Option and:  
I. 
neither a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate 
nor a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount are

--- Page 1092 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1066 
 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the 
Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") 
for 
such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  (Relevant Percentage  +  MER Performance of MERPU); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the 
Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") 
for 
such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate 
("MERPR"), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  (Relevant Percentage  +  MER Performance of MERPU) ×  MERPR ; 
or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and no Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate or Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined to 
be the product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the 
Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") 
for 
such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  (Relevant Percentage  +
 MER Performance of MERPU) ×  FX Performance; or 
IV. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount 
("MERAA") but no Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
plus the Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount, 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  (Relevant Percentage  +
 MER Performance of MERPU) +  MERAA; or 
V. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an

--- Page 1093 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1067 
 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined to the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the 
Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") 
for 
such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate 
("MERPR") multiplied by FX Performance, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  (Relevant Percentage  +  MER Performance of MERPU) +
 MERPR  ×  FX Performance; or 
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate 
("MERPR") 
and a 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment Amount ("MERAA") are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of Relevant Percentage 
and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
multiplied 
by 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation Rate plus the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU); or 
VII. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount 
("MERAA") but no Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
multiplied by the FX Performance plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU) ×  MERPR; 
or 
VIII. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount and a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the 
Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") 
for 
such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate 
("MERPR") multiplied by FX Performance plus the 
MERAA, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage + MER Performance of MERPU) ×
FX Performance +  MERAA

--- Page 1094 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1068 
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (A)I to (A)VIII 
above, that if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount 
is specified in respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum 
amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is specified in respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is specified in respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is subject to such 
maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) PROVIDED 
FURTHER 
THAT, 
different 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amounts or Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amounts may apply if specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of the satisfaction or non-satisfaction of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event and/or a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event and/or in respect of different Mandatory Early 
Redemption Dates; 
(B) 
where 
the 
relevant 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to 
be Call Option and:  
I. 
neither a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate 
nor a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the 
sum of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount 
multiplied 
by 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") 
for 
such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  +  (Calculation Amount  ×  MER Performance of MERPU); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the 
sum of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount 
multiplied 
by 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) ("MERPU") for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate 
("MERPR"), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  +  (Calculation Amount  ×  MER Performance of MERPU  ×  MERPR) ; 
or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but no Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate or Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined to 
be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") 
for 
such

--- Page 1095 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1069 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  +  (Calculation Amount  ×
 MER Performance of MERPU  ×  FX Performance); or 
IV. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount 
("MERAA") but no Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
plus the Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount, 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  +  (Calculation Amount  ×
 MER Performance of MERPU) +  MERAA; or 
V. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the sum 
of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount 
multiplied 
by 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") 
for 
such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate 
("MERPR") multiplied by FX Performance, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount  +  (Calculation Amount  ×  MER Performance of MERPU)  ×
 MERPR  ×  FX Performance); or  
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate and a 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount 
("MERAA") are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
multiplied 
by 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation Rate ("MERPR)" plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  +  (Calculation Amount  ×  MER Performance of MERPU) ×
 MERPR  +  MERAA; or 
VII. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount 
("MERAA") but no Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation

--- Page 1096 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1070 
 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
multiplied by the FX Performance plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  +  (Calculation Amount  ×  MER Performance of MERPU) +
 FX Performance  ×  MERAA; or 
VIII. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount 
("MERAA") and a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate ("MERPR)" are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be the sum of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of the Calculation Amount 
multiplied 
by 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying(s) 
("MERPU") 
for 
such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate multiplied 
by FX Performance plus the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount +
(Calculation Amount x MER Performance of MERPU)x FX Performance  ×  MERPR  +
 MERAA 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (B)I to (B)VIII 
above, that if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount 
is specified in respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum 
amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is specified in respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is specified in respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is subject to such 
maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) PROVIDED 
FURTHER 
THAT, 
different 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amounts or Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amounts may apply if specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of the satisfaction or non-satisfaction of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event and/or a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event and/or in respect of different Mandatory Early 
Redemption Dates; 
(C) 
where 
the 
relevant 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to 
be Call Spread - Put Spread Option and: 
I. 
none of a Global Participation Rate, a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Call or a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Put are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread 
amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser 
of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption

--- Page 1097 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1071 
 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date) plus the "put spread amount" (being the 
lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the 
sum of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date) plus the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount ("MERAA"), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) + Min (PutCap, Max  
(PutFloor, 100% + MERPerf))] + MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call and 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put but 
no Global Participation Rate, is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" (being 
the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date ("MERPerf"), 
multiplied 
by 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation Rate Call ("MERPR Call")) less the "put 
spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the 
greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date, multiplied by 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put 
("MERPR Put")) plus the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount ("MERAA"), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf))  x MERPRCall] −
[Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, 100% + MERPerf))  x MERPR Put]] + MERAA   
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but none of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Rate Call, a Mandatory Early 
Performance Rate Put or a Global Participation Rate is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" (being 
the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date) plus the "put 
spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the 
greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date) multiplied by

--- Page 1098 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1072 
 
FX Performance plus the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount ("MERAA"), expressed as a formula: 
  
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
IV. 
a Global Participation Rate but no Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Call or Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Put is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread 
amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser 
of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date) plus the "put spread amount" (being the 
lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the 
sum of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date) multiplied by the Global Participation 
Rate ("GPR") plus a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount ("MERAA"), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×  [Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) +
Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, 100% + MERPerf))]  ×  GRP + MERAA  
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
V. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate Call and a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate Put but no Global Participation Rate is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" (being 
the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date, multiplied by 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call 
("MERPR Call")) plus the "put spread amount" (being the 
lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the 
sum of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Rate Put ("MERPR Put")) multiplied by FX 
Performance plus a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount ("MERAA"), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×   [[Max(CallFloor,Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) ×
 MERPR Call] +  Min(PutCap,Max(PutFloor), 100% + MERPerf) ×
 MERPR Put] ×  FX Performance  +  MERAA

--- Page 1099 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1073 
 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call and 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put and a 
Global Participation Rate ("GPR") are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread 
amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser 
of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Call ("MERPR Call")) plus 
the "put spread amount " (being the lesser of the Put Cap and 
the greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put 
("MERPR Put")) multiplied by the Global Participation 
Rate plus the Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment 
Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×   [[Max(CallFloor,Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) ×
 MERPR Call] +  Min(PutCap,Max(PutFloor), 100% + MERPerf) ×
 MERPR Put] ×  GPR  +  MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
VII. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and a Global Participation Rate 
("GPR") but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation 
Rate Call or Mandatory Early Redemption Participation 
Rate Put is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread 
amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser 
of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date) plus the "put spread amount" (being the 
lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the 
sum of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date) multiplied by the FX Performance 
multiplied by the GPR plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount ("MERAA"), expressed 
as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×   (Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) +
 Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor), 100% + MERPerf)) ×  FX Performance  ×  GPR  +
 MERAA

--- Page 1100 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1074 
 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
VIII. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call, a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put and a 
Global Participation Rate ("GPR") are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" (being 
the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call 
("MERPR Call")) plus the "put spread amount" (being the 
lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the 
sum of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Put ("MERPR Put")) 
multiplied by the FX Performance multiplied by the GPR 
plus the Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount 
("MERAA"), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×   [[Max(CallFloor,Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) ×
 MERPR Call] +  [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor), 100% + MERPerf) ×
 MERPR Put]] ×  FX Performance  ×  GPR  +  MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount (a collar); 
(D) 
where 
the 
relevant 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to 
be Twin Win Option and: 
I. 
neither a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of 100 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) ("MERPU") for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of 100 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early

--- Page 1101 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1075 
 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) ("MERPU") for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate 
("MERPR"), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) ×
MERPR; or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but no Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate or Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined to 
be the product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of 
100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) ("MERPU") for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × FX Performance; or 
IV. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is 
specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of 100 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) ("MERPU") for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date plus a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Adjustment Amount ("MERAA"), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) + MERAA; or 
V. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of 100 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) ("MERPU") for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by a 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate 
("MERPR") multiplied by FX Performance, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × MERPR ×
FX Performance; or 
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate and a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of 100 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) ("MERPU") for

--- Page 1102 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1076 
 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by a 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate 
("MERPR") plus a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount ("MERAA"), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × MERPR +
MERAA; or 
VII. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount but no Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of 100 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) ("MERPU") for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by FX 
Performance plus a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount ("MERAA"), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × FX Performance +
MERAA; or 
VIII. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount and a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined to 
be the product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of 
100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) ("MERPU") for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by a 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate 
("MERPR") and multiplied by FX Performance plus a 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount 
("MERAA"), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × FX Performance
× MERPR + MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a floor). 
Where: 
"Absolute Value" or "Abs" means the positive percentage or decimal or 
numerical value of the percentage or decimal or number, as the case may be, 
without regard to its sign (thus for example the Absolute Value of -19 per 
cent. would be 19 per cent. and the Absolute Value of 19 per cent. would be 
19 per cent.). 
"Call Cap" means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
"Call Floor" means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1103 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1077 
 
"Put Cap" means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Put Floor" means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the amount (if any) in the Settlement 
Currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the amount (if any) in the Settlement 
Currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate" or "MERPR" means, 
in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage rate (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call" or "MERPR 
Call" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the 
percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put" or "MERPR Put" 
means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage rate 
(if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Min" means the lesser of the two terms separated by a comma or semi-colon 
or, where such terms are the same amount, that amount, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
"Max" means the greater (or equal greatest) of the two terms separated by a 
comma or semi-colon or, where such terms are the same amount, that amount, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"MERPerf" means, in respect of the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date, the MER Performance of the MER Performance Underlying for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date. 
"Snowball Accrual Day" means each day specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, each calendar day. 
"Snowball Accrual Denominator" or "SA Denominator" means the number 
(if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Snowball Accrual Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" means, in 
respect of each Security and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by reference to the following formula: 
Calculation Amount  ×   [SA Relevant Percentage + (SA Rate ×
SA Numerator
SA Denominator)] 
"Snowball Accrual Numerator" or "SA Numerator" means the number of 
Snowball Accrual Days falling in the Snowball Accrual Period. 
"Snowball Accrual Period" means the period (if any) specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Snowball Accrual Rate" or "SA Rate" means the percentage rate (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1104 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1078 
 
"Snowball Accrual Relevant Percentage" or "SA Relevant Percentage" 
means the percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(c) 
Definitions relating to redemption 
(i) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
"Specified Market Timer Redemption Strike Date" means the or each date 
designated as such in the applicable Issue Terms. The or each such date shall 
be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided 
in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, 
and the or each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Market Timer 
Redemption Strike Date". 
"Specified Final Valuation Date" means the or each date designated as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. The or each such date shall be deemed to be a 
Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation 
and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and the or each 
such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Final Valuation Date".  
"Specified Gemini Event Valuation Date" means each date or dates 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, 
and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Gemini Event Valuation 
Date". 
"Specified Redemption Barrier Observation Date" means each date or 
dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, 
and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date". 
"Specified Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date" means, in respect of an 
Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each 
such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be 
adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a 
"Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date". 
"Specified Redemption Strike Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, 
each date or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such 
date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted 
as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable 
Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption 
Strike Date". 
"Specified Redemption Lock-in Event Valuation Date" means each date or 
dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, 
and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Lock-in Event 
Valuation Date". 
"Specified Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date" means each 
date or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date 
shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as 
provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable

--- Page 1105 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1079 
 
Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date". 
"Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date" means each 
date or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date 
shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as 
provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable 
Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date". 
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Redemption Underlying(s), the performance 
of the Redemption Underlying(s) and levels of the Redemption 
Underlying(s) 
"Best Oasis Redemption Performer" means, in respect of an Final 
Valuation Date: 
(A) 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Underlying with the highest (which shall, if, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more 
Redemption Underlyings are equal highest, be determined in 
accordance with the Equality Adjustment) Oasis Final Percentage 
for such Final Valuation Date; or 
(B) 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, each Redemption Underlying which has one of the X 
highest Oasis Final Percentages, determined by the Calculation 
Agent by ranking each of the Redemption Underlyings in order of 
their Oasis Final Percentage in respect of such Final Valuation Date 
from highest to lowest, where (i) the Redemption Underlying with 
the highest Oasis Final Percentage will be Best Oasis Redemption 
Performer 1, (ii) the Redemption Underlying with the second highest 
Oasis Final Percentage will be Best Oasis Redemption Performer 2, 
and so on until (iii) the Redemption Underlying with the X highest 
Oasis Final Percentage will be Best Oasis Redemption Performer X, 
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Redemption Underlyings have an 
equal Oasis Final Percentage in respect of such Final Valuation Date, the 
highest of such Redemption Underlyings shall be determined in accordance 
with the Equality Adjustment. 
"C" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
which percentage may be 0 (zero) per cent. 
"Cross Rate I Designated Page" means, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying and the FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such 
Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Cross Rate II Designated Page" means, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying and the FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such 
Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Cross Rate I Designated Time" means, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying and the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such 
Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Cross Rate II Designated Time" means, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying and the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such 
Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"D" means the decimal specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
decimal may be 0 (zero).

--- Page 1106 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1080 
 
"Designated Page" means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying and the 
FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such Redemption 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Designated Time" means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying and the 
FX for such Redemption Underlying, the time specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Equality Adjustment" means that, in respect of two or more performances, 
levels or values determined by the Calculation Agent to be equally high or 
low, the Calculation Agent will deem any of such equal highest or lowest 
performances, levels or values to be the highest or lowest performance, level 
or value, in its discretion. 
"Final Outperformance A Underlying(s)" means, in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions, the or each Redemption Underlying specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Final Outperformance B Underlying(s)" means, in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions, the or each Redemption Underlying specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Final Performance" means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the 
definition of Redemption Barrier Event below: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms and in respect of the Redemption Underlying, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Redemption Underlying: 
Final Reference Level−Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar);

--- Page 1107 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1081 
 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be 
adjusted by the addition of such Final Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage 
to 
the 
Final 
Performance 
determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event), Minimum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event), Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied), Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final Performance, 
the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall be 
applied first to the Final Performance and will not override 
the effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms and in respect of all of the Redemption Underlyings, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to 
the following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Redemption Underlying:

--- Page 1108 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1082 
 
∑Wn  ×   Final Reference Level  −Redemption Strike Level 
Redemption Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the

--- Page 1109 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1083 
 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be 
adjusted by the addition of such Final Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage 
to 
the 
Final 
Performance 
determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event), Minimum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event), Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied), Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final Performance, 
the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall be 
applied first to the Final Performance and will not override 
the effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms and in respect 
of each of the Redemption Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the 
relevant Redemption Underlying: 
Final Reference Level−Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
or 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is

--- Page 1110 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1084 
 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be 
adjusted by the addition of such Final Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage 
to 
the 
Final 
Performance 
determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event), Minimum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event), Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied), Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final Performance, 
the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall be 
applied first to the Final Performance and will not override 
the effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(D) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage and determined by 
reference to the following formula: 
[Outperf A −Outperf B]  × 100,

--- Page 1111 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1085 
 
For which purpose: 
"Outperf A" means 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions for 
Final Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and the Final Outperformance A Underlying, an 
amount expressed as a decimal and determined by reference 
to the following formula, where each relevant constituent 
value is determined in relation to the relevant Final 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
Final Reference Level−Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance A Underlying:  
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf 
A and a Minimum Final Outperf A is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum 
decimal (a collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant 
to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue

--- Page 1112 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1086 
 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such 
maximum 
percentage 
and 
minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such 
maximum 
percentage 
and 
minimum 
percentage (a collar);  
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions for 
Final Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and all of the Final Outperformance A Underlyings, 
an amount expressed as a decimal and determined by 
reference to the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Final Outperformance A Underlying: 
∑Wn  ×   Final Reference Level  −Redemption Strike Level 
Redemption Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf 
A and a Minimum Final Outperf A is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum 
decimal (a collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant 
to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a

--- Page 1113 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1087 
 
Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such 
maximum 
percentage 
and 
minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such 
maximum 
percentage 
and 
minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions for Final Outperformance A 
Underlying, and each of the Final Outperformance A 
Underlyings, an amount expressed as a decimal and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Final Outperformance A Underlying: 
Final Reference Level−Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject 
to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum

--- Page 1114 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1088 
 
Final Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf 
A and a Minimum Final Outperf A is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum 
decimal (a collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant 
to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such 
maximum 
percentage 
and 
minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such 
maximum 
percentage 
and 
minimum 
percentage (a collar);

--- Page 1115 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1089 
 
"Outperf B" means 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions for 
Final Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and the Outperformance B Underlying, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Final Outperformance 
B Underlying:  
Final Reference Level−Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject 
to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf 
B and a Minimum Final Outperf B is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum 
decimal (a collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant 
to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to

--- Page 1116 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1090 
 
such 
maximum 
percentage 
and 
minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such 
maximum 
percentage 
and 
minimum 
percentage (a collar);  
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions for 
Final Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and all of the Final Outperformance B Underlyings, 
an amount expressed as a decimal and determined by 
reference to the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Final Outperformance B Underlying: 
∑Wn  ×   Final Reference Level  −Redemption Strike Level 
Redemption Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject 
to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf 
B and a Minimum Final Outperf B is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum 
decimal (a collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant 
to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is

--- Page 1117 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1091 
 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such 
maximum 
percentage 
and 
minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such 
maximum 
percentage 
and 
minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions for Final Outperformance B 
Underlying, and each of the Final Outperformance B 
Underlyings, an amount expressed as a decimal and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Final Outperformance B Underlying: 
Final Reference Level−Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance B Underlying:  
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject 
to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue

--- Page 1118 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1092 
 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf 
B and a Minimum Final Outperf B is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum 
decimal (a collar);  
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant 
to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such 
maximum 
percentage 
and 
minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms, 
then 
the 
Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such 
maximum 
percentage 
and 
minimum 
percentage (a collar);

--- Page 1119 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1093 
 
(E) 
where "Himalaya Final Performance – Asian Observation" is 
specified in as applicable in respect of the Final Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms and in respect of the 
Redemption Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined as the arithmetic mean of the Multiple FVD Final 
Performance Percentage for the relevant Redemption Underlying on 
the Final Valuation Dates, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar), 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a

--- Page 1120 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1094 
 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar);  
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be 
adjusted by the addition of such Final Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage 
to 
the 
Final 
Performance 
determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event), Minimum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event), Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied), Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final Performance, 
the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall be 
applied first to the Final Performance and will not override 
the effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(F) 
where "Arithmetic Mean Underlying Return" is specified in as 
applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms and in respect of the Redemption 
Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and determined 
be reference to the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Redemption Underlying: 
∑1
n  × Underlying Return (Final) 
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar), 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum

--- Page 1121 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1095 
 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); and 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be 
adjusted by the addition of such Final Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage 
to 
the 
Final 
Performance 
determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event), Minimum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event), Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied), Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final Performance, 
the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall be 
applied first to the Final Performance and will not override 
the effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(G) 
where "Cliquet" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, each of the 
Redemption Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formulae, where each

--- Page 1122 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1096 
 
relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Redemption Underlying: 
I. 
if "Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C; or 
t
t=1
 
II. 
if "Product of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C; or 
t
t=1
 
III. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum (Final)" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Final Period Performance −(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C 
t
t=1
); or 
IV. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Abs (Final Period Performance) −(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C 
t
t=1
); or 
V. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Product 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Final Period Performance −(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
−C ) ; or 
VI. 
if 
"Absolute 
Period 
Performance 
Less 
Cliquet 
Return – Product (Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
Abs (Final Period Performance)  −(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
− C  ) ; or 
VII. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Sum (Final)" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C 
t
t=1
) −Final Period Performance; or 
VIII. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance – Sum 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C 
t
t=1
) − Abs (Final Period Performance); or 
IX. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Product 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
−C ) −Final Period Performance;or 
X. 
if 
"Cliquet 
Return 
Less 
Absolute 
Period 
Performance – Product (Final)" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms:

--- Page 1123 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1097 
 
(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
− C ) −Abs (Final Period Performance) 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
and a Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar), 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) 
below and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if 
(x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) 
below and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is

--- Page 1124 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1098 
 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar), and 
(e) 
if (x) a Cliquet Final Performance Floor is specified as 
"Cliquet Final Performance Floor" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Final Performance for such Final Valuation 
Date will be subject to a minimum percentage (floor) (if any) 
determined as the Cliquet Final Performance Floor, or (y) a 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor is specified as "Global 
Lock-in Floor" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Global 
Lock-in Redemption Floor Trigger has been satisfied in 
respect of any Final Valuation Date, the Final Performance 
for such Final Valuation Date will be subject to a minimum 
percentage (floor) of the Global Lock-in Floor Percentage 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
where: 
"Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Date" means, in respect of each 
Specified Cliquet Final Valuation Period, the Final Valuation 
Date(s) in respect of such Specified Cliquet Final Valuation Period 
with the Uth highest Cliquet Final Decimals, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by ranking each of the Final Valuation Dates in 
order of their Cliquet Final Decimals from highest to lowest, where, 
(i) the Final Valuation Date with the highest Cliquet Final Decimal 
will be the highest ranking, (ii) the Final Valuation Date with the 
second highest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the second highest 
ranking, and so on until (iii) the Final Valuation Date with the lowest 
Cliquet Final Decimal will be the lowest ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Final Valuation Dates have 
an equal Cliquet Final Decimal, the highest of such Final Valuation 
Dates will be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment. 
"Cliquet Final Performance Floor" means a percentage 
determined as the product of (A) an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being the Cliquet Final Performance Sum 
Integer (if any) that is: 
(a) 
greater than, 
(b) 
greater than or equal to,  
(c) 
less than or equal to, or  
(d) 
less than (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of Cliquet Final Performance Floor), 
the Cliquet Final Performance Sum determined in respect of each 
Final Valuation Date and (B) if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Cliquet Final Performance Sum Multiple or otherwise 
100%, 
PROVIDED THAT, if the applicable requirements in respect of any 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor are not satisfied, then there shall be 
no Cliquet Final Performance Floor. 
"Cliquet Final Performance Sum" means, in respect of a Final 
Valuation Date, the sum of each Cliquet Underlying Return

--- Page 1125 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1099 
 
determined in respect of each Final Valuation Date occurring prior 
to (and including) the relevant Final Valuation Date. 
"Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer" means, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, "the highest (or equal highest) positive 
integer", "the highest (or equal highest) integer", "the lowest (or 
equal lowest) positive integer" or "the lowest (or equal lowest) 
integer". For which purpose, an integer shall be any whole number 
(including negative whole numbers and zero) and a positive integer 
shall be any whole number greater than or equal to 1 (one) and, 
where the relevant Cliquet Final Performance Sum is not a whole 
number, the relevant integer shall be the nearest integer thereto, with 
any amount equal to a multiple of 0.5 being rounded up. 
"Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)" means, in respect of the 
Redemption Underlying and the Final Valuation Date, an amount 
expressed as a decimal calculated in accordance with the following 
(the "Cliquet Final Decimal"): 
(A) 
if "Cliquet A (Final)", "Cliquet B (Final)" or "Cliquet C 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage; or 
(B) 
if "Cliquet A Absolute (Final)" "Cliquet B Absolute (Final)" 
or "Cliquet C Absolute (Final)" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, 
Abs (Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage), 
PROVIDED THAT, in either case, 
I. 
if (i) "Cliquet B (Final)" or "Cliquet B Absolute (Final)" and 
(ii) "Cliquet B Highest (Final)" are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying Return 
(Final) for the or each, as the case may be, Best Cliquet B 
Final Valuation Date will be deemed to be the Cliquet B 
Highest Return Redemption Decimal specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation Period and not the Cliquet Final Decimal 
calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
II. 
if (i) "Cliquet B (Final)" or "Cliquet B Absolute (Final)" and 
(ii) "Cliquet B Lowest (Final)" are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying Return 
(Final) for the or each, as the case may be, Worst Cliquet B 
Final Valuation Date will be deemed to be the Cliquet B 
Lowest Return Redemption Decimal specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation Period and not the Cliquet Final Decimal 
calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
III. 
if "Cliquet C (Final)" or "Cliquet C Absolute (Final)" are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Final 
Decimal in respect of Final Valuation Date or any preceding 
Final Valuation Date has been either (i) greater than, (ii) 
greater than or equal to, (iii) less than or equal to or (iv) less 
than (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
Cliquet C (Final) or Cliquet C Absolute (Final), as 
applicable) the Cliquet C Redemption Target specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying Return 
(Final) for such Final Valuation Date will be deemed to be

--- Page 1126 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1100 
 
the Cliquet C Lock-in Redemption Decimal specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and not the Cliquet Final Decimal 
calculated in accordance with the formula above, 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT: 
(a) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Cap is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Final Decimal 
in respect of any Final Valuation Date is greater than such 
Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Cap, the Cliquet 
Final Decimal for such Final Valuation Date will be the 
Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Cap; and 
(b) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Floor is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet 
Final Decimal in respect of any Final Valuation Date is 
greater than such Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption 
Floor, the Cliquet Final Decimal for such Final Valuation 
Date will be the Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption 
Floor. 
"Final Period Performance" means either Final Period 
Performance 1, Final Period Performance 2 or Final Period 
Performance 3, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
PROVIDED THAT, in each case, if (x) a Maximum Final Period 
Performance is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Period Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Period Performance is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Period Performance is subject 
to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Period Performance and a Minimum Final Period Performance is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Period 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar). 
"Final Period Performance 1" means, in respect of an Interest 
Payment Date and the Redemption Underlying, a decimal equal to 
the Final Period Performance Percentage. 
"Final Period Performance 2" means, in respect of an Interest 
Payment Date and the Redemption Underlying, a decimal 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
D  −Final Period Performance Percentage. 
"Final Period Performance 3" means, in respect of an Interest 
Payment Date and the Redemption Underlying, a decimal 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
D × Final Period Performance Percentage. 
"Final Period Performance Percentage" means, in respect of a 
Redemption Underlying, a decimal calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Reference Level (Last FVD) −Redemption Strike Level 
Redemption Initial Level
 
"Final Reference Level (Last FVD)" means, in respect of a 
Redemption Underlying and the last occurring Final Valuation Date 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the 
determination of any Final Performance, the Underlying Closing

--- Page 1127 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1101 
 
Level of such Redemption Underlying on such Final Valuation Date, 
as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for such Final 
Valuation Date. 
"Global Lock-in Redemption Floor Trigger" means that, in 
respect of a Final Valuation Date, the Global Lock-in Redemption 
Sum for such Final Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) greater 
than or equal to, (c) less than or equal to or (d) less than (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Global Lock-in Floor 
Redemption Trigger) the Global Lock-in Redemption Floor Trigger 
Level specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Global Lock-in Redemption Sum" means, in respect of a Final 
Valuation Date, the sum of all Cliquet Underlying Returns 
determined in respect of each Final Valuation Date occurring prior 
to (and including) the relevant Final Valuation Date. 
"t" means, in respect of a Cliquet Underlying Return (Final), the 
number of Final Valuation Dates specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Cliquet Underlying Return Final. 
"U" means the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms for 
the purpose of determining the Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Dates 
or the Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date" means, in respect of each 
Specified Cliquet Final Valuation Period, the Final Valuation 
Date(s) in respect of such Specified Cliquet Final Valuation Period 
with the Uth lowest Cliquet Final Decimals, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by ranking each of the Final Valuation Dates in 
order of their Cliquet Final Decimals from lowest to highest, where, 
(i) the Final Valuation Date with the highest Cliquet Final Decimal 
will be the highest ranking, (ii) the Final Valuation Date with the 
second highest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the second highest 
ranking, and so on until (iii) the Final Valuation Date with the lowest 
Cliquet Final Decimal will be the lowest ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Final Valuation Dates have 
an equal Cliquet Final Decimal, the highest of such Final Valuation 
Dates will be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment. 
"Final Performance Underlying(s)" or "FPU" means either: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" or "Cliquet" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Redemption Underlying; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" or "Arithmetic Mean 
Underlying Return" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, all of the 
Redemption Underlyings; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Underlying with the Nth highest (which shall, 
if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Final 
Performance Underlyings are equal Nth highest, be determined in 
accordance with the Equality Adjustment) Final Performance, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 1128 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1102 
 
(D) 
where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Underlying with the Nth lowest (which shall, 
if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Final 
Performance Underlyings are equal Nth lowest, be determined in 
accordance with the Equality Adjustment) Final Performance, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, all of the Final Outperformance A Underlying(s) and Final 
Outperformance B Underlying(s); 
(F) 
where "Himalaya Final Performance – Asian Observation" and 
"Best of Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as applicable 
in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Final Valuation Date, the Redemption 
Underlying with the highest (which shall, if, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, two or more Redemption Underlyings are 
equal highest, be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment) Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage on such 
Final Valuation Date, PROVIDED THAT a Redemption Underlying 
may not be the Final Performance Underlying in respect of any such 
Final Valuation Date if such Redemption Underlying was the Final 
Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Final Valuation 
Date and any such Redemption Underlying will be deemed not to be 
a Redemption Underlying for the purpose of determining the Final 
Performance Underlying in respect of such Final Valuation Date, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(G) 
where "Himalaya Final Performance – Asian Observation" and 
"Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as applicable 
in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Final Valuation Date, the Redemption 
Underlying with the lowest (which shall, if, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, two or more Redemption Underlyings are 
equal lowest, be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment) Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage on such 
Final Valuation Date, PROVIDED THAT a Redemption Underlying 
may not be the Final Performance Underlying in respect of any such 
Final Valuation Date if such Redemption Underlying was the Final 
Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Final Valuation 
Date and any such Redemption Underlying will be deemed not to be 
a Redemption Underlying for the purpose of determining the Final 
Performance Underlying in respect of such Final Valuation Date, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Final Reference Level" means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of 
the definition of Redemption Barrier Event below, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying, either: 
(A) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Closing Level on Final Valuation Date", the 
Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying on the 
Final Valuation Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX 
(if any) for such Final Valuation Date; 
(B) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Final Valuation 
Dates", the arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of 
such Redemption Underlying on the Final Valuation Dates, as

--- Page 1129 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1103 
 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) 
for each such Final Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(C) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Final Valuation Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such 
Redemption Underlying on the Final Valuation Dates, as converted 
first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each 
such Final Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Final Valuation Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Final 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Final Valuation Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such 
Redemption Underlying on the Final Valuation Dates, as converted 
first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each 
such Final Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
or 
(F) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Final Valuation Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Final 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"FX" means, for the purpose of this Condition 1.1(c), where FX Provisions 
are specified as applicable in respect of the Underlying Linked Securities 
Redemption Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) in respect of a 
Redemption Underlying and the level or value (as provided on the applicable 
Electronic Page (as defined in Condition 2 (Underlying Valuation Provisions 
and Fallback Provisions for Securities other than Underlying Linked 
Securities) below)) of which is expressed or determined to be in a currency 
other than the Settlement Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) (the "Relevant Currency"), either: 
(i) where Quanto Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the rate specified for such Redemption Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms; or (ii) where Compo FX Provisions are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid Relevant 
Currency/Settlement Currency exchange rates quoted on the Designated Page 
at the Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other 
page or service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of 
displaying the mid Relevant Currency/Settlement Currency exchange rate or 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose 
which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (expressed as the 
number of units of the Relevant Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit 
of the Settlement Currency can be exchanged) PROVIDED THAT if any such 
FX cannot be determined as specified above it shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) as it 
deems appropriate; or (b) otherwise, 1,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such 
Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be 1 divided

--- Page 1130 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1104 
 
by the rate calculated pursuant to the above (rounded to four decimal places); 
or (y) if Cross Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be the average of the mid Cross Rate A 
Currency/Cross Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate I 
Designated Page at the Cross Rate I Designated Time on the or each relevant 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the Cross Rate 
I Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid Cross Rate A 
Currency/Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
divided by Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates 
quoted on the Cross Rate II Designated Page at the Cross Rate II Designated 
Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or service 
that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or any other 
page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal 
places) PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified 
above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate.  
"Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage" means, in respect of a Final 
Valuation Date and a Redemption Underlying, a percentage, determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Reference Level for the relevant Final Valuation Date  −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
"n" means the number of Redemption Underlyings specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Initial Floor Level" means, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying, the product of (A) the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Redemption Underlying on the Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date, as 
converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the Redemption Initial 
Floor Strike Date, and (B) the Redemption Initial Floor Percentage. 
"Redemption Initial Floor Percentage" means, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying, the percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Initial Level" means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying: 
(A) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Closing Level on Redemption Strike Date", the 
Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying on the 
Redemption Strike Date, as converted by reference to the relevant 
FX (if any) for the Redemption Strike Date; 
(B) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Redemption Strike Dates", the arithmetic average of the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying on the Redemption 
Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Redemption Strike Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be the "Closing Level on Redemption Re-Strike Date 
FVD", (i) the Final Reference Level for the immediately preceding

--- Page 1131 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1105 
 
Final Valuation Date or, (ii) if there has been no such Final Valuation 
Date, the Underlying Closing Level for the Redemption Underlying 
on the Redemption Strike Date, as converted by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for such Redemption Strike Date; 
(D) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Redemption Strike 
Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of 
such Redemption Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) 
for each such Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Redemption Strike 
Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Level of such 
Redemption Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) 
for each such Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(F) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Redemption Strike 
Dates", the highest (or equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of 
such Redemption Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) 
for each such Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(G) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Redemption Strike 
Dates", the highest (or equal highest) Underlying Level of such 
Redemption Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) 
for each such Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(H) 
a level specified as such for the Redemption Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT where "Redemption Initial Floor" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Redemption Initial Level shall 
be subject to a minimum level equal to the Redemption Initial Floor Level. 
"Redemption Strike Level" means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying, 
the Redemption Strike Level specified for such Redemption Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms which may, if so specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, be such Redemption Underlying's Redemption Initial Level, 
PROVIDED THAT, different Redemption Strike Levels may apply if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the determination of the 
satisfaction or non-satisfaction of a Redemption Barrier Event, Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event or Redemption Lower Barrier Event and/or the 
determination of different Performance-Linked Redemption Amount(s) 
payable in respect of the satisfaction or non-satisfaction of a Redemption 
Barrier Event, Redemption Upper Barrier Event or Redemption Lower 
Barrier Event and/or the determination of any Final Performance in respect 
thereof, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Redemption Underlying" means the or each Underlying (as defined in 
Condition 2(m) below) specified as a Redemption Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1132 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1106 
 
"Underlying Return (Final)" means, in respect of each Redemption 
Underlying and a Final Valuation Date, either: 
(A) 
if "Single Cap - Single Valuation Date" or "Single Floor - Single 
Valuation Date" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying 
Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed 
as a percentage and determined by reference to the following 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in 
relation to the relevant Redemption Underlying: 
Final Reference Level−Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
subject to, (i) if a "Single Cap" is specified in respect of Underlying 
Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage 
equal to the Single Cap specified in respect of Underlying Return 
(Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if a "Single Floor" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal 
to the Single Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if 
"Single Cap" and a "Single Floor" are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to the Single Cap and a 
minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor, each as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms;  
(B) 
if "Single Cap - Multiple Valuation Date" or "Single Floor - Multiple 
Valuation Date" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying 
Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed 
as a percentage and determined as the arithmetic mean of the 
Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage for the Redemption 
Underlying on the Final Valuation Dates, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, subject to, (i) if a "Single Cap" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to the Single 
Cap specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if a "Single Floor" 
is specified in respect of Underlying Return (Final) in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if "Single Cap" and a 
"Single Floor" are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
maximum percentage equal to the Single Cap and a minimum 
percentage equal to the Single Floor, each as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms;  
(C) 
if "Single Target" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying 
Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed 
as a percentage and determined by reference to the following 
formula (the "Single Target Redemption Percentage"), where each 
relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Redemption Underlying:  
Final Reference Level−Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
I. 
if a Single Target Underlying Redemption Threshold 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
the Single Target Redemption Percentage is either (i) equal 
to or less than, (ii) equal to or greater than, (iii) less than, or 
(iv) greater than the Single Target Redemption Threshold 
Percentage (in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms), the Underlying Return (Final) will be the Single 
Target Underlying Redemption Performance Percentage 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or

--- Page 1133 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1107 
 
II. 
if "Single Target Redemption (Barrier)" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, and (i) if "Barrier Event Satisfaction 
Required" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, the Underlying 
Return (Final) will be a percentage equal to the Single 
Target Underlying Redemption Performance (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) Percentage, and/or (ii) if "Barrier Event 
Satisfaction Not Required" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Redemption Barrier Event has not 
occurred, a percentage equal to the Single Target 
Underlying Redemption Performance (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) Percentage; and 
(D) 
if "Oasis" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying Return 
(Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined in accordance with the following formula 
(the Oasis Final Percentage), where each relevant constituent value 
is determined in relation to the relevant Redemption Underlying: 
Final Reference Level - Redemption Interest Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
I. 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in respect of 
Underlying Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Return (Final) for the (or each, as the case may 
be) Best Oasis Redemption Performer will be deemed to be 
the Oasis Final Underlying Performance Percentage 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and not the Oasis 
Final Percentage calculated in accordance with the formula 
above; or 
II. 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in respect 
of Underlying Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Underlying Return (Final) for each Best Oasis 
Redemption Performer will be deemed to be the Oasis Final 
Underlying Performance Percentage specified in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Best 
Oasis Redemption Performer and not the Oasis Final 
Percentage calculated in accordance with the formula above. 
PROVIDED THAT, if (x) a Maximum Underlying Return (Final) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Underlying Return 
(Final) is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Underlying Return (Final) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Underlying Return (Final) is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Underlying Return 
(Final) and a Minimum Underlying Return (Final) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Underlying Return (Final) is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar).  
"Wn" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Redemption Underlying and where Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
percentage weighting specified for such Redemption Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage 
weighting for such Redemption Underlying depending on such 
Redemption Underlying's performance. Accordingly, in order to

--- Page 1134 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1108 
 
determine Wn for a Redemption Underlying where "Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Final Performance of such Redemption Underlying shall first be 
calculated as provided in paragraph (C) of the definition of Final 
Performance and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance 
with the rankings set out in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of Final 
Outperformance A Underlying, Weighted Basket Observation is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Final Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Final 
Outperformance A Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the 
percentage weighting specified for such Final Outperformance A 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be 
a percentage weighting for such Final Outperformance A Underlying 
depending on such Final Outperformance A Underlying's 
performance. Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for an Final 
Outperformance A Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final 
Performance of such Final Outperformance A Underlying shall first 
be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf 
A and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the 
rankings set out in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(iii) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of Final 
Outperformance B Underlying, Weighted Basket Observation is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Final Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Final 
Outperformance B Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the 
percentage weighting specified for such Final Outperformance B 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be 
a percentage weighting for such Final Outperformance B Underlying 
depending on such Final Outperformance B Underlying's 
performance. Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for an Final 
Outperformance A Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final 
Performance of such Final Outperformance B Underlying shall first 
be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf 
B and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the 
rankings set out in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT, where "Rainbow Weighting" applies, if two or more 
Redemption Underlyings, Final Outperformance A Underlyings or Final 
Outperformance B Underlyings have an equal Final Performance, their 
ranking shall be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment.  
"X" means the number of Oasis Best Performers specified in the Table set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Underlying Return (Final). 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the redemption amount due 
or assets deliverable on the Maturity Date 
"Final Barrier Level" means:  
(A) 
where a single Final Barrier Level, "Reset Final Barrier Level" or 
"Latest Reset Final Barrier Level" is specified in respect of a 
Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the 
Redemption Barrier Underlyings, whichever of, greater than, greater 
than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), (i) the

--- Page 1135 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1109 
 
percentage level or, as applicable, the amount specified as such in 
respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, 
all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (ii) if "Reset Final Barrier Level" is specified in respect of a 
Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the 
Redemption Barrier Underlyings, in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Reset Final Barrier Level in respect of such Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s), or (iii) if "Latest Reset Final Barrier Level" is 
specified in respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the 
case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Latest Reset Final Barrier Level in 
respect of such Redemption Barrier Underlying(s); or 
(B) 
where percentage levels are specified in respect of a Redemption 
Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption 
Barrier Underlyings, in the applicable Issue Terms one as a Lower 
Final Barrier Level and one as an Upper Final Barrier Level, that the 
Final Barrier Level shall mean in respect of a Redemption Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier 
Underlyings, either (A) any level that is greater than (or equal to) 
such Lower Final Barrier Level and less than (or equal to) such Upper 
Final Barrier Level, or (B) any level that is greater than, or greater 
than or equal to, such Upper Final Barrier Level or less than, or less 
than or equal to, such Lower Final Barrier Level, as may be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"FBL Latest Preceding MER Level" means, in respect of a Redemption 
Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier 
Underlyings: 
(A) 
where "Performance" is specified as applicable in respect of the FBL 
Latest Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Reset MER 
Underlying(s), in each case, in respect of the most recently preceding 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date for which the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Reset MER Barrier Level" or "Latest Reset MER Barrier 
Level"; or  
(B) 
where "Performance Product" is specified as applicable in respect of 
the FBL Latest Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount determined to be the product of (I) the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each 
case, in respect of the most recently preceding Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date for which the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Reset 
MER Barrier Level" or "Latest Reset MER Barrier Level", and (II) 
the FBL Performance Product Base Level of the relevant Redemption 
Barrier Underlying(s); or 
(C) 
where "Reference Level" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
FBL Latest Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
MER Reference Level, in respect of the most recently preceding 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date for which the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Reset MER Barrier Level" or "Latest Reset MER Barrier 
Level", of the relevant Redemption Barrier Underlying(s). 
"FBL Performance Product Base Level" means, in respect of a Redemption 
Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier 
Underlyings, the level specified as such for the relevant Redemption Barrier

--- Page 1136 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1110 
 
Underlying(s) in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the 
Redemption Initial Level of the relevant Redemption Barrier Underlying(s). 
"FBL Preceding MER Level" means, in respect of a Redemption Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings: 
(A) 
where "Performance" is specified as applicable in respect of the FBL 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in 
each case, in respect of the immediately preceding Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date; or  
(B) 
where "Performance Product" is specified as applicable in respect of 
the FBL Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount determined to be the product of (I) the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each 
case, in respect of the immediately preceding Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, and (II) the FBL Performance Product Base Level 
of the relevant Redemption Barrier Underlying(s); or 
(C) 
where "Reference Level" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
FBL Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the MER 
Reference Level in respect of the immediately preceding Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date of the relevant Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s). 
"FBL Reset Floor Level" means, in respect of a Redemption Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, 
the percentage level specified as such for the relevant Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s) in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Gemini Mandatory Early Redemption Date" means the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Latest Reset Final Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Redemption 
Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier 
Underlyings, an amount determined by reference to the following formula: 
Max(FBL Reset Floor Level,  FBL Latest Preceding MER Level) 
"Reset Final Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Redemption Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, 
an amount determined by reference to the following formula: 
Max(FBL Reset Floor Level,  FBL Preceding MER Level) 
A "Redemption Barrier Event" will occur if: 
(A) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event European 
Observation", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) 
Underlying Closing Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified to apply in 
respect of the Redemption Barrier Event in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing Levels of the Redemption 
Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Final Barrier Level on the 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date; 
(B) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event European 
Performance Observation", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the Final Performance of the Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Final Barrier Level;

--- Page 1137 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1111 
 
(C) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American 
Observation – Closing Level", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Closing Level or (ii) if "Sum 
of" is specified in respect of the Redemption Barrier Event in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing Levels 
of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Final 
Barrier Level on each Redemption Barrier Observation Date; 
(D) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American 
Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is 
specified in respect of the Redemption Barrier Event in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Levels of the 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Final Barrier 
Level on each Redemption Barrier Observation Date; 
(E) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level", the (i) Underlying Closing Level or 
(ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Redemption Barrier 
Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying 
Closing Levels of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Final Barrier Level on any Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date;  
(F) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is 
specified in respect of the Redemption Barrier Event in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Levels of the 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Final Barrier 
Level on any Redemption Barrier Observation Date;  
(G) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American 
Performance Observation", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the (i) Final Performance or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in 
respect of the Redemption Barrier Event in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the sum of the Final Performances of the Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s) on each Redemption Barrier Observation Date, satisfy 
the relevant Final Barrier Level and, as the Final Performance shall 
be calculated in respect of each Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date, then:  
I. 
reference in the definition of Final Performance to "Final 
Reference Level" shall be construed to be to the "Underlying 
Closing Level for the relevant Redemption Underlying for 
the relevant Redemption Barrier Observation Date 
converted at the FX on such Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date"; 
II. 
reference to the Final Performance shall be construed to be 
to Final Performance for the relevant Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date; and  
III. 
the Final Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be 
determined in respect of the relevant Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date;

--- Page 1138 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1112 
 
(H) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Target Redemption Barrier Event", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent and in respect of the Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, Non-Contingent Interest 
Payment Date scheduled to fall on the Maturity Date: 
I. 
the sum of the aggregate Interest Amount(s) paid in respect 
of all of the Interest Payment Dates falling prior to such 
Interest Payment Date or such Non-Contingent Interest 
Payment Date; 
II. 
and, where "Include Any Non-Contingent Interest Amount" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
sum of the aggregate Non-Contingent Interest Amount(s) 
paid in respect of all of the Non-Contingent Interest 
Payment Dates falling prior to such Interest Payment Date 
or such Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date; and 
III. 
where: 
(a) 
"Include Any Interest Amount Due On Maturity 
Date" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and any Interest Amount due on such Interest 
Payment Date (and, where "Include Any Non-
Contingent Interest Amount" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any Non-
Contingent Interest Amount due on such Non-
Contingent Interest Payment Date); or 
(b) 
where "Exclude Any Interest Amount Due On 
Maturity Date" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, but excluding any Interest Amount due on 
such Interest Payment Date and excluding any 
Non-Contingent Interest Amount due on such 
Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date, 
is equal to or greater than the Target Redemption Threshold Amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(I) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event Final Reference Level 
Observation", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Final Reference Level of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) 
satisfy the relevant Final Barrier Level. 
As used above, "satisfy" means that the relevant Underlying Closing 
Level, Final Performance, Underlying Level or Final Reference 
Level, as the case may be, are in the case of (i) above in the definition 
of Final Barrier Level, greater than, greater than (or equal to), less 
than or less than (or equal to), as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to the relevant Redemption Barrier Event, the 
relevant Final Barrier Level; or in the case of (ii)(A) above in the 
definition of Final Barrier Level, are not less than the relevant Lower 
Final Barrier Level nor greater than the relevant Upper Final Barrier 
Level; or in the case of (ii)(B) above in the definition of Final Barrier 
Level, are greater than or greater than or equal to the Upper Final 
Barrier Level or less than or less than or equal to the Lower Final 
Barrier Level, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 1139 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1113 
 
"Redemption Barrier Underlying(s)" means the Redemption Underlyings 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Lock-in Percentage" means the percentage level, amount or 
value specified as such in respect of a Redemption Lock-in Event or for a 
Redemption Lock-in Event Valuation Date in the applicable Issue Terms 
A "Redemption Lock-in Event" will occur in respect of a Specified 
Redemption Lock-in Event Valuation Date if: 
(A) 
where the Redemption Lock-in Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Lock-in Event Final Performance 
FPU", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Final 
Performance of the Redemption Lock-in Underlying(s) on any 
Redemption Lock-in Event Valuation Date is (i) greater than, (ii) 
greater than or equal to, (iii), less than, or (iv) less than or equal to 
(in each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
the Redemption Lock-in Event), the relevant Redemption Lock-in 
Percentage for such Redemption Lock-in Event Valuation Date and, 
as the Final Performance shall be calculated (for such purposes only) 
in respect of each Redemption Lock-in Event Valuation Date: 
I. 
reference in the definition of Final Performance to "Final 
Reference Level" shall be construed to be to the "Underlying 
Closing Level for the relevant Redemption Underlying for 
the relevant Redemption Lock-in Event Valuation Date 
converted at the relevant FX (if any) for such Redemption 
Lock-in Event Valuation Date"; 
II. 
reference to the Final Performance shall be construed to be 
to the Final Performance for the relevant Redemption Lock-
in Event Valuation Date; and  
III. 
the Final Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be 
determined in respect of the relevant Redemption Lock-in 
Event Valuation Date; or 
(B) 
where the Redemption Lock-in Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Lock-in Event Underlying Closing 
Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Lock-in Underlying(s) 
on any Redemption Lock-in Event Valuation Date is (i) greater than, 
(ii) greater than or equal to, (iii), less than, or (iv) less than or equal 
to (in each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of the Redemption Lock-in Event), the relevant Redemption Lock-
in Percentage for such Redemption Lock-in Event Valuation Date. 
"Redemption 
Lock-in 
Underlying(s)" 
means 
the 
Redemption 
Underlying(s), unless otherwise specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
A "Redemption Lower Barrier Event" will occur if: 
(A) 
in respect of a Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date, 
where the Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Final Performance FPU", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlyings 
in respect of such Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date 
is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii), less than, or (iv) 
less than or equal to (in each case as specified in the applicable Issue

--- Page 1140 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1114 
 
Terms in respect of the Redemption Lower Barrier Event), the 
Redemption Lower Barrier Percentage specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and, as the Final Performance shall be calculated in 
respect of each Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date: 
I. 
reference in the definition of Final Performance to "Final 
Reference Level" shall be construed to be to the "Underlying 
Closing Level for the relevant Redemption Underlying for 
the relevant Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation 
Date converted at the relevant FX (if any) for such 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date"; 
II. 
reference to the Final Performance shall be construed to be 
to Final Performance for the relevant Redemption Lower 
Barrier Event Valuation Date; and  
III. 
the Final Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be 
determined in respect of the relevant Redemption Lower 
Barrier Event Valuation Date;  
(B) 
in respect of a Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date, 
where the Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Underlying Closing Level", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Lower 
Barrier Underlying(s) on the Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) greater 
than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii), less than, or (iv) less than or 
equal to (in each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of the Redemption Lower Barrier Event), the Redemption 
Lower Barrier Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or  
(C) 
where the Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Gemini Event", in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent: 
I. 
both (a) a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has 
not occurred in respect of any Gemini Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, and (b) the Underlying Closing Level of 
the Redemption Lower Barrier Underlying(s) on the Gemini 
Event Valuation Date specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii), 
less than, or (iv) less than or equal to (in each case as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event), the Redemption Lower 
Barrier Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
or  
II. 
both (a) a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has 
not occurred in respect of any Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date, and (b) the Underlying Closing Level of the 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
on 
the 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) greater than, (ii) greater 
than or equal to, (iii), less than, or (iv) less than or equal to 
(in each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of the Redemption Lower Barrier Event), the 
Redemption Lower Barrier Percentage specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1141 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1115 
 
"Redemption Lower Barrier Underlying(s)" means the Redemption 
Underlying(s), unless otherwise specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
A "Redemption Upper Barrier Event" will occur in respect of a Specified 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date if: 
(A) 
where the Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event Final 
Performance FPU", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlyings in 
respect of such Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii), 
less than, or (iv) less than or equal to (in each case as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event), the Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, as the Final Performance shall be 
calculated in respect of each Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date: 
I. 
reference in the definition of Final Performance to "Final 
Reference Level" shall be construed to be to the "Underlying 
Closing Level for the relevant Redemption Underlying for 
the relevant Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation 
Date converted at the relevant FX (if any) for such 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date"; 
II. 
reference to the Final Performance shall be construed to be 
to Final Performance for the relevant Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation Date; and  
III. 
the Final Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be 
determined in respect of the relevant Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation Date; or 
(B) 
where the Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event Underlying 
Closing Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Upper Barrier 
Underlying(s) on the Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) greater 
than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii), less than, or (iv) less than or 
equal to (in each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of the Redemption Upper Barrier Event), the Redemption 
Upper Barrier Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Upper Barrier Underlying(s)" means the Redemption 
Underlying(s), unless otherwise specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(iv) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the Redemption Amount due 
or Entitlement deliverable in relation to Physical Delivery Securities 
"Entitlement" means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Security and where 
"Weighted Basket Observation" is not specified as applicable in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions only, the quantity of the Relevant Asset, which 
a Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date 
(as applicable) (subject as provided herein) in respect of each Security 
(subject to payment of any Expenses as provided herein and rounded down as 
provided herein), as determined by the Calculation Agent, including any 
documents evidencing such Entitlement and, for such purpose, the quantity

--- Page 1142 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1116 
 
of the Relevant Asset shall be determined as an amount of the Final 
Performance Underlying or, if none, the Redemption Underlying (the 
"Entitlement Underlying") determined by reference to the Calculation 
Amount (converted into the currency of the Entitlement Underlying where 
relevant by multiplying the Calculation Amount by the applicable FX for the 
Final Valuation Date or, where there is more than one Final Valuation Date, 
the FX shall be the arithmetic mean of the FX for each such Final Valuation 
Date) divided by the Entitlement Denominator of such Entitlement 
Underlying (and rounded to the number of decimal places specified as the 
Entitlement Calculation Rounding Convention in the applicable Issue Terms 
(with halves being rounded up)):  
Calculation Amount × FX of Entitlement Underlying
Entitlement Denominator
 
"Equivalent Amount" means, in relation to each Security, an amount equal 
to the sum for each of the Relevant Asset(s) comprising the Entitlement in 
respect of such Security of the product of (i) the Entitlement Ratio in relation 
to such Relevant Asset(s) comprising the Entitlement multiplied by (ii) the 
Underlying Closing Level of such Relevant Asset(s) on the relevant Valuation 
Date (converted into the Settlement Currency (being, in the case of Dual 
Currency Securities, the Denomination Currency) on the terms set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms (the "Entitlement Price"). 
"Entitlement Denominator" means, in respect of the Entitlement 
Underlying, the level specified as such for the Entitlement Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the Redemption Initial 
Level of the Entitlement Underlying. 
"Entitlement Ratio" means, in respect of a Relevant Asset comprising the 
Entitlement, the number of shares or units or other measure of such Relevant 
Asset comprising the Entitlement. "Relevant Asset" means the Final 
Performance Underlying or, if none, the Redemption Underlying. 
"Performance-Linked Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each 
Security, either  
(A) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is 
expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Put Option and:  
I. 
neither an FPR nor a Redemption Adjustment is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined to be the product of 
the Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant 
Percentage (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and 
the Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying(s) ("FPU"), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU); or 
II. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms)and the Final 
Performance of the FPU multiplied by FPR, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR; or

--- Page 1143 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1117 
 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but no FPR or Redemption Adjustment is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and the Final 
Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FX Performance, 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FX Performance; or 
IV. 
a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and the Final 
Performance of the FPU plus the Redemption Adjustment, 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Redemption Adjustment; or 
V. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and the Final 
Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FX Performance, 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR x FX Performance; or 
VI. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and the Final 
Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR plus the 
Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR + Redemption Adjustment; or 
VII. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and the Final 
Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FX Performance 
plus the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FX Performance + Redemption Adjustment; or 
VIII. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and the Final 
Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR multiplied

--- Page 1144 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1118 
 
by the FX Performance plus the Redemption Adjustment, 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR x FX Performance + Redemption Adjustment 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (A)I to (A)VIII 
above, that: 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum amount 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount and a 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a 
minimum amount (a collar); 
(b) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is 
subject to such maximum amount and minimum amount (a 
collar); and 
(c) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is 
subject to such maximum amount and minimum amount (a 
collar); 
(B) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is 
expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Call Option and:  
I. 
neither an FPR nor a Redemption Adjustment is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined to be the sum of the 
Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied 
by the Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying(s) ("FPU"), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU); or

--- Page 1145 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1119 
 
II. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be the sum of the 
Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied 
by the Final Performance of the FPU) multiplied by the 
FPR, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR); or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but no FPR or Redemption Adjustment is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be the sum of the 
Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied 
by the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FX Performance); or 
IV. 
a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be the sum of the 
Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied 
by the Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying(s) (FPU) plus the Redemption Adjustment, 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU) +  Redemption Adjustment; or 
V. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be the sum of the 
Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied 
by the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR 
multiplied by the FX Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR x FX Performance); or 
VI. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be the sum of the 
Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied 
by the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR 
plus the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR) +  Redemption Adjustment; or 
VII. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be the sum of the 
Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied 
by the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FX 
Performance plus the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as 
a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FX Performance) +  Redemption Adjustment; or

--- Page 1146 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1120 
 
VIII. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be the sum of the 
Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied 
by the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR 
multiplied by FX Performance plus the Redemption 
Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR x FX Performance) +  Redemption Adjustment; 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (B)I to (B)VIII 
above, that: 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum amount 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount and a 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a 
minimum amount (a collar); 
(b) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is 
subject to such maximum amount and minimum amount (a 
collar); and 
(c) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is 
subject to such maximum amount and minimum amount (a 
collar); 
(C) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is 
expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Call Spread - Put 
Spread Option and:  
I. 
none of an FPR Call, a Global Participation Rate ("GPR") 
or an FPR Put is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the

--- Page 1147 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1121 
 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" (being the greater 
of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap and the Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s)) plus 
the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and 
the greater of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant 
Percentage plus Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying(s)), 
plus 
the 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
("RedAdj") expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [Max(CallFloor,  Min(CallCap,  FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap,  Max(PutFloor,  Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] +
RedAdj  
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(a collar); or 
II. 
a GPR but neither a FPR Call or a FPR Put is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread 
amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser 
of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s)) plus the "put spread amount" 
(being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put 
Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s)), all 
multiplied by the GPR, plus the Redemption Adjustment 
("RedAdj") expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] x GPR] + 
RedAdj 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but none of a GPR, a FPR Call or an FPR Put 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" (being 
the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying(s)) plus the "put spread amount" (being the 
lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final Performance of 
the Final Performance Underlying(s)), all multiplied by the 
FX Performance, plus the Redemption Adjustment 
("RedAdj") expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] x FX 
Performance] + RedAdj 
IV. 
a GPR but no FPR Call or FPR Put is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" (being 
the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying(s)) plus the "put spread amount" (being the 
lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final Performance of 
the Final Performance Underlying(s)), all multiplied by the

--- Page 1148 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1122 
 
GPR multiplied by the FX Performance, plus the 
Redemption Adjustment ("RedAdj") expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] x GPR x 
FX Performance] + RedAdj 
V. 
a FPR Call and a FPR Put but no GPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread 
amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser 
of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FPR Call) 
plus the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap 
and the greater of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant 
Percentage plus Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying(s), multiplied by the FPR Put), plus the 
Redemption Adjustment ("RedAdj") expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + 
FinalPerf)) x FPR Put]] + RedAdj 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(a collar); or 
VI. 
a GPR, a FPR Call and a FPR Put is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread 
amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser 
of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FRR Call) 
plus the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap 
and the greater of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant 
Percentage plus Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying(s), multiplied by the FPR Put) all multiplied by 
the GPR, plus the Redemption Adjustment ("RedAdj") 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + 
FinalPerf)) x FPR Put]] x GPR] + RedAdj 
VII. 
a FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and a FPR Call and a FPR Put but 
no GPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread 
amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser 
of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FPR Call) 
plus the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap 
and the greater of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant 
Percentage plus Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying(s), multiplied by the FPR Put) all multiplied by 
the FX Performance, plus the Redemption Adjustment 
("RedAdj"), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final 
Perf)) x FPR Put]] x FX Performance] + RedAdj

--- Page 1149 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1123 
 
VIII. 
a GPR, a FPR Call and a FPR Put are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be (x) the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" (being 
the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying(s), multiplied by the FRR Call)  the "put spread 
amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of 
the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus 
Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s), 
multiplied by the FPR Put) all multiplied by the GPR and 
multiplied by the FX Performance, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment ("RedAdj") expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final 
Perf)) x FPR Put]] x GPR x FX Performance] + RedAdj 
(D) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is 
expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Twin Win Option and:  
I. 
no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and 
the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Absolute Value 
of the Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying(s) (FPU), plus the Redemption Adjustment 
("RedAdj") expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU]) + RedAdj 
II. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and 
the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Absolute Value 
of the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR, 
plus the Redemption Adjustment ("RedAdj") expressed as 
a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU x FPR]) + RedAdj 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Minimum 
Redemption Amount (a floor). 
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no FPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the 
Absolute Value of the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by the FX Performance, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment ("RedAdj") expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU x FX Performance]) + RedAdj 
IV. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and 
the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Absolute Value 
of the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR

--- Page 1150 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1124 
 
multiplied by the FX Performance, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment ("RedAdj") expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU x FPR x FX Performance]) + RedAdj 
(E) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is 
expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Market Timer and: 
I. 
no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined to be the product of (a) the Calculation Amount 
and (b) the sum of 100% and the Final Performance of the 
Final Performance Underlying (FPU) and the Market Timer 
Percentage, plus the Redemption Adjustment ("RedAdj") 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (100% + Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) + RedAdj 
II. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined to be the product of (a) the Calculation Amount 
and (b) the sum of (x) 100% and (y) the product of (i) the 
Final Performance of the FPU and (ii) the FPR and (z) the 
Market Timer Percentage, plus the Redemption Adjustment 
("RedAdj") expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + FPR × Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) + RedAdj 
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no FPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined to be the product of (a) the Calculation 
Amount and (b) the sum of (x) 100% and (y) the Final 
Performance of the FPU and (z) the Market Timer 
Percentage and (c) the FX Performance, plus the 
Redemption Adjustment ("RedAdj") expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) × FX Performance+ RedAdj 
IV. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined to be the product of (a) the Calculation Amount 
and (b) the sum of (i) 100% and (ii) the Final Performance 
of the FPU multiplied by the FPR and (iii) the Market Timer 
Percentage and (c) the FX Performance, plus the 
Redemption Adjustment ("RedAdj") expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% +FPR x Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) × FX Performance + RedAdj  
(F) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is 
expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Put Call Sum: 
I. 
none of a FPR or Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be the product of the 
Calculation Amount ("CA") and the sum of (a) the Relevant 
Percentage and the Final Performance of the Final

--- Page 1151 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1125 
 
Performance Underlying(s) (FPU) and (b) the greater of the 
Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of the FPU, 
expressed as a formula: 
CA × ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) 
II. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be the product of the 
CA and the sum of (a) the sum of (i) the Relevant Percentage 
and the Final Performance of the FPU and (ii) the FPR and 
(b) the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final 
Performance of the FPU, expressed as a formula: 
CA ×  (((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU)× FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU))   
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no FPR or Redemption 
Adjustment is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the 
product of the CA and the sum of (a) the Relevant 
Percentage and the Final Performance of the FPU and (b) 
the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final 
Performance of the FPU, all multiplied by the FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
CA × ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) x FX Perf 
IV. 
a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be the product of the 
CA and the sum of (a) the Relevant Percentage and the Final 
Performance of the FPU and (b) the greater of the Put Call 
Sum Floor and the Final Performance of the FPU, plus or 
minus, as the case may be, the Redemption Adjustment 
("RedAdj"), expressed as a formula: 
CA × ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) + RedAdj 
V. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined to be the product of the CA and the 
sum of (a) the sum of (i) the Relevant Percentage and the 
Final Performance of the FPU and (ii) the FPR and (b) the 
greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance 
of the FPU, all multiplied by the FX Perf, expressed as a 
formula: 
CA ×  (((Relevant Percentage+Final Performance of FPU) × FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU))  × FX Perf 
VI. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be the product of the 
CA and the sum of (a) the sum of (i) the Relevant Percentage 
and the Final Performance of the FPU and (ii) the FPR and 
(b) the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final 
Performance of the FPU, plus or minus, as the case may be, 
the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a formula:

--- Page 1152 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1126 
 
CA ×  (((Relevant Percentage+Final Performance of FPU )× FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU))  + RedAdj 
VII. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and a Redemption Adjustment but 
no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the 
product of the CA and the sum of (a) the Relevant 
Percentage and the Final Performance of the FPU and (b) 
the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final 
Performance of the FPU, all multiplied by the FX 
Performance and plus or minus, as the case may be, the 
Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
CA x ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU ) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) x FX Perf + RedAdj 
VIII. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be the product of the CA 
and the sum of (a) the sum of (i) the Relevant Percentage 
and the Final Performance of the FPU and (ii) the FPR and 
(b) the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final 
Performance of the FPU, plus or minus, as the case may be, 
the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
CA x  (((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor;Final Performance of the FPU))  x FX Perf + RedAdj 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (F)I to (F)VIII 
above, that: 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum amount 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount and a 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a 
minimum amount (a collar); 
(b) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is 
subject to such maximum amount and minimum amount (a 
collar); and 
(c) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not

--- Page 1153 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1127 
 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is 
subject to such maximum amount and minimum amount (a 
collar); 
(G) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is 
expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Swaption, an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined to be the product of (a) the 
Calculation Amount and (b) 100% less the product of (i) Final 
Participation Rate, (ii) the greater of (A) the Annuity Floor and (B) 
the Final Reference Level ("FRL") of the Final Performance 
Underlying multiplied by the Annuity Factor and (iii) the Annuity, 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x {100% − [FPR x Max (Annuity Floor, {AF x Final Reference Level of FPU}) x Annuity] 
if a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject 
to such minimum amount (a floor); or 
(H) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is 
expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Lock-in Option, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined to be the sum of (a) 
the Calculation Amount and (b) the product of (i) the Calculation 
Amount and (ii) the greater of the Redemption Lock-in Percentage 
("RLIP") (or, if a Redemption Lock-in Percentage is specified for 
each Redemption Lock-in Event Valuation Date, the Redemption 
Lock-in Percentage in respect of the Redemption Lock-in Event 
Valuation Date on which the Redemption Lock-in Event occurred) 
and the Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s) 
("FPU") multiplied by FPR, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + {Calculation Amount x Max (RLIP, Final Performance of FPU x FPR) 
if a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject 
to such minimum amount (a floor). 
Where: 
"Absolute Value" or "Abs" means the positive percentage or decimal or 
numerical value of the percentage or decimal or number, as the case may be, 
without regard to its sign (thus for example the Absolute Value of -19 per 
cent. would be 19 per cent. and the Absolute Value of 19 per cent. would be 
19 per cent.). 
"Annuity" means, in respect of the Final Valuation Date, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined in respect of each year i (where i = 
1 … t and "t" means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms) in accordance with the following formula: 
∑
1
(1 + Final Reference Level of FPU)i
t
i=1
 
"Annuity Factor" or "AF" means the positive or negative amount specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1154 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1128 
 
"Annuity Floor" means the positive or negative percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Call Cap" means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
"Call Floor" means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"FX Performance" means, in respect of a Final Valuation Date an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
FX PerfFinal
FX PerfInitial 
where, 
"FX Perf Final" means: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be 
the FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying for the 
Specified Final Valuation Date relating to that Final 
Valuation Date (or, if more than one such date is specified, 
the last occurring Specified Final Valuation Date relating 
to that Final Valuation Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be 
the FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average 
of the mid FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Designated Page at 
the FX Perf Designated Time on the Final FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may 
replace the FX Perf Designated Page for the purpose of 
displaying the mid FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B 
Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final 
FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of 
such FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall 
be 1 divided by the rate calculated pursuant to as provided above in 
this sub-paragraph (b) (rounded to four decimal places); and (y) if 
FX Perf Cross Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf Rate in 
the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of the 
mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page 
at the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time on the Final FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for the purpose of displaying 
the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B 
Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such

--- Page 1155 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1129 
 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal 
places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross 
Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate 
II Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that 
may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the 
purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX 
Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or any other page or 
service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded 
to four decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified above it shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate. 
"FX Perf Initial" means either an amount specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if no such amount is so specified: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be 
the FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying for the 
Specified Redemption Strike Date relating to that Final 
Valuation Date (or, if more than one such date is specified, 
the last occurring Specified Redemption Strike Date 
relating to that Final Valuation Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be 
the FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average 
of the mid FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Designated Page at 
the FX Perf Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may 
replace the FX Perf Designated Page for the purpose of 
displaying the mid FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B 
Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial 
FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of 
such FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall 
be 1 divided by the rate calculated pursuant to as provided above in 
this sub-paragraph (b) (rounded to four decimal places); and (y) if 
FX Perf Cross Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf Rate in 
the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of the 
mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page 
at the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for the purpose of displaying 
the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B 
Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal

--- Page 1156 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1130 
 
places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross 
Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate 
II Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on 
the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that 
may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the 
purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX 
Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or any other page or 
service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded 
to four decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified above it shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate. 
Each of "FX Perf Rate", "FX Perf Designated Page", "FX Perf 
Designated Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency", "FX Perf 
Cross Rate B Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency", "FX 
Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page", "FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time", "Final FX Perf 
Valuation Date" and "Initial FX Perf Valuation Date" shall be as 
specified in respect of the Final Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Put Cap" means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect 
of the Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Put Call Sum Floor" means the percentage (if any) specified as 
such in respect of the Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Put Floor" means the percentage (if any) specified as such in 
respect of the Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Market Timer Redemption Initial Level" means, in respect of a 
Redemption Underlying:  
(a) 
where the Market Timer Redemption Initial Level is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest 
Closing Level on Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates", 
the lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of 
such Redemption Underlying on the Market Timer 
Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by 
reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Market 
Timer Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(b) 
where the Market Timer Redemption Initial Level is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Intra-
day Level on Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Level of such 
Redemption Underlying on the Market Timer Redemption 
Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to 
the relevant FX (if any) for each such Market Timer 
Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or

--- Page 1157 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1131 
 
(c) 
a level specified as such for the Redemption Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Market Timer Percentage" means an amount in respect of a 
Redemption Underlying, determined by the Calculation Agent and 
expressed as a percentage, calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Redemption Initial Level − Market Timer Redemption Initial Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED THAT, if (x) a Maximum Market Timer Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Market Timer 
Percentage is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Market Timer Percentage is specified in respect thereof in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Market Timer Percentage is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Market Timer Percentage and a Minimum Market Timer Percentage 
is specified in respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Market Timer Percentage is subject to such maximum percentage 
and a minimum percentage (a collar). 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means the amount (if any) in 
the Settlement Currency specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
"Minimum Redemption Amount" means the amount (if any) in the 
Settlement Currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Final Participation Rate" or "FPR" means the percentage rate (if 
any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Final Participation Rate Call" or "FPR Call" means the 
percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Final Participation Rate Put" or "FPR Put" means the percentage 
rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Min" means the lesser of the two terms separated by a comma or, 
where such terms are the same amount, that amount, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Max" means the greater (or equal greatest) of the two terms 
separated by a comma or, where such terms are the same amount, 
that amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"FinalPerf" means the Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying. 
1.2 
Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if no Interest Barrier Event is specified 
to apply 
If the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities, CMS Rate Securities, 
Inflation Rate Securities or Interim Performance Interest Securities and (except in relation to 
Fixed Rate Securities which are Range Accrual Securities), in respect of any Interest Payment 
Date, no Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Issuer will 
pay the relevant Interest Amount on such Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 1158 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1132 
 
1.3 
Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply 
If the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities, CMS Rate Securities, 
Inflation Rate Securities or Interim Performance Interest Securities and an Interest Barrier Event 
is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms and, in respect of an Interest Payment Date: 
(a) 
an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, either (i) no amount or (ii) the Interest 
Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms and/or this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule in respect of interest will be paid on such Interest Payment Date; or 
(b) 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, the relevant Interest Amount, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and/or this Valuation and Settlement Schedule, will be paid 
on such Interest Payment Date.  
1.4 
Non-Contingent Interest Amount in relation to the Securities and Interest Amount in 
relation to Buy the Dip Securities, Inflation Rate Securities, DIR Inflation Linked Interest 
Securities, Digital Securities, Digital Band Securities, Inverse Floating Rate Securities, 
Volatility Bond Securities, Synthetic Forward Rate Securities, Previous Coupon Linked 
Securities, FX Performance Securities, Reserve Coupon Securities, Global Interest Floor 
Securities, Global Interest Cap Securities or Restructure Interest Rate Securities 
(a) 
If the Non-Contingent Interest Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Issuer will pay each Non-Contingent Interest Amount in respect 
of each Security on each Non-Contingent Interest Amount Payment Date. If Non-
Contingent Interest Provisions are not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then no Non-Contingent Interest Amount shall be due in respect of the 
Securities. 
(b) 
If the Securities are Buy the Dip Securities, Inflation Rate Securities, DIR Inflation 
Linked Interest Securities, Digital Securities, Digital Band Securities, Inverse Floating 
Rate Securities, Volatility Bond Securities, Synthetic Forward Rate Securities, 
Previous Coupon Linked Securities, FX Performance Securities, Reserve Coupon 
Securities, Global Interest Floor Securities, Auto Floor Securities, Global Interest Cap 
Securities, Auto Cap Securities or Restructure Interest Rate Securities (each, 
"Variable Rate Securities"), then the Issuer will pay the relevant Interest Amount in 
respect of each Security on each Interest Payment Date. 
1.5 
Other Interest Amounts 
If the Underlying Linked Interest Provisions of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.5 are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then the Issuer will pay the Interest 
Amount in respect of each Security on each Interest Payment Date. 
1.6 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
Where "Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions" and "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) occurs, the Issuer shall redeem each Security on the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date and: 
(a) 
where no Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, pay the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Amount due where MER Upper Barrier Percentage is 
Not Applicable" in respect of each Security; or 
(b) 
where a Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and:

--- Page 1159 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1133 
 
(i) 
a MER Upper Barrier Event has occurred, pay the amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the "Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" 
in respect of each Security; or  
(ii) 
a MER Upper Barrier Event has not occurred, pay the amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the "Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" 
in respect of each Security, 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(I) 
where "Early Exit MER Barrier Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event that has occurred is (or, as 
the case may be, includes) an Early Exit MER Barrier Event that has occurred, the 
Issuer shall pay the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the "Early Exit 
MER Amount" in respect of each Security instead of the amount specified in paragraph 
(a) or (b) above. For the avoidance of doubt, no amount specified in paragraph (a) or 
(b) above shall be payable; and/or  
(II) 
where a "Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall also pay, on the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment 
Date in respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in respect of which a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, the amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the "Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon" in respect of 
each Security. 
1.7 
Mandatory Early Redemption Event 
Where "Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions" and "Mandatory Early Redemption Event" 
are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Event occurs, then all (but not some only) of the Securities will be redeemed, each Security 
being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date as further provided in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5 (Provisions relating to Mandatory Early Redemption). 
1.8 
Redemption Amount or Entitlement deliverable on the Maturity Date 
(a) 
Where the Securities are not specified to be Preference Share Linked Securities in the 
applicable Issue Terms and: 
(i) 
where: 
(A) 
(other than in respect of Buy the Dip Securities) Redemption Barrier 
Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall pay the amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Redemption Amount (which, if so specified, shall be 
determined in accordance with the Underlying Linked Securities 
Redemption Provisions set out therein) in respect of each Security 
on the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
the Securities are specified to be Buy the Dip Securities in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall pay the Redemption Amount 
(which shall be determined in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.8 (Buy the Dip Securities)) in respect of each 
Security on the Maturity Date; or  
(C) 
the Securities are specified to be DIR Inflation Linked Redemption 
Securities, Lock-in Redemption Securities, Rate Linked Redemption 
Securities, Interest Linked Redemption Securities or Redemption 
Reserve Securities, the Issuer shall pay the Redemption Amount 
(which shall be determined in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 6 (Provisions relating to Redemption Amounts) 
in respect of each Security on the Maturity Date); or

--- Page 1160 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1134 
 
(ii) 
subject as provided below, where (other than in respect of Buy the Dip 
Securities) Redemption Barrier Event is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and: 
(A) 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall: 
I. 
where no Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, pay the amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the "Redemption Amount due 
where no Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and no 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified" in respect of 
each Security; or 
II. 
where a Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and: 
(a) 
a Redemption Upper Barrier Event has occurred, 
the Issuer shall either: 
(i) 
where the Securities are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Physical 
Delivery Securities if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has not occurred and a 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event has 
occurred, deliver the Entitlement in 
respect of each Security; OR 
(ii) 
where the Securities are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Cash 
Settled Securities, pay the amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the "Upper Redemption Amount due 
where no Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred" in respect of each Security; or  
(b) 
a Redemption Upper Barrier Event has not 
occurred, the Issuer shall either: 
(i) 
where the Securities are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Physical 
Delivery Securities if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has not occurred and a 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event has not 
occurred, deliver the Entitlement in 
respect of each Security; OR 
(ii) 
where the Securities are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Cash 
Settled Securities, pay the amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the "Lower Redemption Amount due 
where no Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred" in respect of each Security; or 
(B) 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall: 
I. 
where no Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall either: 
(a) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Physical Delivery Securities if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and no

--- Page 1161 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1135 
 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified, 
deliver the Entitlement in respect of each Security; 
OR 
(b) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Cash Settled Securities, pay the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the 
"Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and no 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified" in 
respect of each Security; or 
II. 
where a Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and: 
(a) 
a Redemption Lower Barrier Event has occurred, 
the Issuer shall either: 
(i) 
where the Securities are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Physical 
Delivery Securities if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred and a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event has 
occurred, deliver the Entitlement in 
respect of each Security; OR 
(ii) 
where the Securities are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Cash 
Settled Securities, pay the amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the "Lower Barrier Event Redemption 
Amount due where a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred" in respect of each 
Security; or  
(b) 
a Redemption Lower Barrier Event has not 
occurred, the Issuer shall either: 
(i) 
where the Securities are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Physical 
Delivery Securities if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred and a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event has not 
occurred, deliver the Entitlement in 
respect of each Security; OR 
(ii) 
where the Securities are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Cash 
Settled Securities, pay the amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the 
"Non 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
Redemption Amount due where a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred" 
in respect of each Security. 
(iii) 
where (other than in respect of Buy the Dip Securities) Redemption Barrier 
Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and Redemption 
Lock-in Event is also specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if 
a Redemption Lock-in Event has occurred, the Issuer shall pay the amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the "Redemption Lock-in Event 
Redemption Amount due where a Redemption Lock-in Event has occurred"

--- Page 1162 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1136 
 
instead of any payment and/or delivery obligation pursuant to paragraph (ii) 
above. 
(b) 
Where the Securities are specified to be Preference Share Linked Securities in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Security will be 
the Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
provisions below. 
For the purposes thereof: 
(i) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
"Autocall Observation Date" means each date (if any) designated as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Preference Share Valuation Date" means either (i) the date specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) if the terms and conditions of the 
Preference Share provide that the Preference Share is to be redeemed early 
following the occurrence of an "autocall event" on an Autocall Observation 
Date, the Autocall Observation Date on which such autocall event occurs, 
PROVIDED THAT, if any date used for the valuation or any determination 
of any Preference Share Underlying (or any part thereof) falling on or about 
any such date is delayed or to be delayed in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Preference Share by reason of a non-scheduled trading day, 
a disrupted day or the occurrence of an adjustment event (howsoever 
described in the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares), the 
Preference Share Valuation Date shall be the last delayed date on which any 
such valuation or determination is made, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  
"Preference Share Underlying" means, in respect of the Preference Share, 
the underlying asset(s) or reference basis(es) to which the redemption amount 
of the Preference Share is linked. 
"Specified Final Valuation Date" means the number of Business Days 
following the Preference Share Valuation Date specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and 
shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions 
and/or the applicable Issue Terms and such date, as so adjusted shall be the 
"Final Valuation Date". 
"Specified Redemption Strike Date" means the Issue Date (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, in respect of any Series comprising more than one 
Tranche of Securities, shall refer to the first Issue Date of the Securities). Such 
date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted 
as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and/or the 
applicable Issue Terms and such date, as so adjusted shall be the 
"Redemption Strike Date". 
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Redemption Underlying, the performance of 
the Redemption Underlying and levels of the Redemption Underlying 
"Final Performance" means, in respect of the Redemption Underlying, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula: 
Final Reference Level
Redemption Initial Level 
"Final Reference Level" means, in respect of the Redemption Underlying, 
the Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Underlying on the Final 
Valuation Date.

--- Page 1163 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1137 
 
"Redemption Initial Level" means, in respect of the Redemption 
Underlying, the Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Underlying on 
the Redemption Strike Date. 
"Redemption Underlying" means the Underlying (as defined in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(m) (Underlying Valuation Provisions and 
Fallback Provisions for Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities - 
Definitions) below) specified as the Redemption Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the Redemption Amount due 
"Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount" means an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount 
and the Final Performance of the Redemption Underlying, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount x Final Performance of Redemption Underlying. 
(c) 
In the case of Exempt Securities only, where "Other Redemption Amount/Entitlement" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions 1.8(a) and 1.8(a)(iii) shall not apply and the Redemption 
Amount and/or Entitlement payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities shall be 
as set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.8(c) where the Securities 
are Physical Delivery Securities: 
"Entitlement" means the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the 
case may be, which a Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Maturity Date or 
Settlement Date (as applicable) in respect of each Security following payment of any 
Expenses as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement and rounded to the number 
of decimal places specified as the Entitlement Calculation Rounding Convention in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (with halves being rounded up), including any 
documents evidencing such Entitlement. 
"Relevant Asset" means the asset(s) specified as such in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement 
2. 
Underlying Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for Securities other than 
Underlying Linked Securities 
(a) 
The provisions applicable to valuing each Underlying, to making any adjustment to 
Valuation Dates or to making any other adjustment following Adjustment Events or to 
determining any Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event or Early Redemption 
Event are specified in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 and in the Underlying 
Schedule applicable to such Underlying, as completed by the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.  
(b) 
Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level on a Valuation Date 
The Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as applicable) of an 
Underlying on a Valuation Date shall be determined as specified in the Underlying 
Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
(c) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days) 
Subject as provided in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant 
Underlying(s), any Specified Valuation Date(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
shall be adjusted in accordance with the following provisions:

--- Page 1164 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1138 
 
(i) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to one 
Underlying. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for the 
Underlying, then the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for the Underlying, unless in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, in which case 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Levels)) below and/or Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(g) (Averaging Dates) below (as applicable) shall apply or, as the case may 
be, the provisions relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted 
Days set out in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant 
Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(ii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any 
Underlying, then the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for all of the Underlyings, unless in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for any of the Underlyings, in 
which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) below and/or Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(g) (Averaging Dates) below (as applicable) shall 
apply or, as the case may be, the provisions relating to adjustment to 
Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(iii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Value What You Can" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any 
Underlying, then: 
(A) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying for which such Specified 
Valuation Date is a Scheduled Trading Day shall be such Specified 
Valuation Date, unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such 
day is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying, in which case Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(f) (Adjustment to Valuation 
Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) below and/or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(g) (Averaging Dates) below 
(as applicable) shall apply or, as the case may be, the provisions 
relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out 
in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), 
shall apply; and 
(B) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying for which such Specified 
Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day shall be the first 
succeeding day immediately following such Specified Valuation 
Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for such affected Underlying, 
unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a 
Disrupted Day for such Underlying, in which case Valuation and

--- Page 1165 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1139 
 
Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(f) (Adjustment to Valuation 
Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) below and/or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(g) (Averaging Dates) below 
(as applicable) shall apply or, as the case may be, the provisions 
relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out 
in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), 
shall apply. 
(d) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels) 
Subject as provided in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant 
Underlying(s) and subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(g) 
(Averaging Dates) below, any Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, as adjusted 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) above and/or, as the case may be, the provisions of the 
Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s)) shall be adjusted in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to one 
Underlying, subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date for such Underlying is a Disrupted Day for 
such Underlying, then the Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first 
succeeding Valid Date immediately following such Specified Valuation Date; 
and (II) the Scheduled Trading Day which is the Valuation Roll number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such Specified Valuation 
Date. 
(ii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then 
such Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first succeeding Valid Date 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date; and (II) the Scheduled 
Trading Day for all the Underlyings which is the Valuation Roll number of 
Scheduled Trading Days for all the Underlyings immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date. 
(iii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Value What You Can" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(iv) 
below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then: 
(A) 
if such Specified Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day for an 
Underlying, then the Valuation Date for such Underlying shall be 
such Specified Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
if such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for an 
Underlying, then the Valuation Date for such Underlying shall be 
the earlier of: (1) the first succeeding Valid Date immediately 
following such Specified Valuation Date; and (2) the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled 
Trading Days for such Underlying immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date.

--- Page 1166 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1140 
 
(iv) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying determined as provided above would 
otherwise fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day (the 
"Cut-off Valuation Date") for such Underlying prior to the date on which a 
relevant payment or delivery, as applicable, is scheduled to be made under the 
Securities, such Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation 
Date (notwithstanding that such date is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying) 
and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e)(ii) below shall 
apply in respect thereof. 
(e) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying 
Closing Levels) 
(i) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying (as determined in accordance with 
Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) above) is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying, 
then (unless otherwise specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to 
such Underlying) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Underlying on such Valuation Date using its good faith 
estimate of the Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying at the Valuation 
Time (where relevant) on or for such day. 
(ii) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying (as determined in accordance with 
Condition 2(d)(iv) above) is determined to occur on the Cut-off Valuation 
Date for such Underlying, then (unless otherwise specified in the Underlying 
Schedule applicable to such Underlying) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying on such Cut-off 
Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the Underlying Closing Level 
of such Underlying at the Valuation Time (where relevant) on or for such day. 
(f) 
Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Underlying Level of an Underlying cannot 
be determined at any time on any Valuation Date by reason of the occurrence of an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Level at such time on such 
day shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining any amounts payable and/or 
deliverable in respect of the Securities. 
(g) 
Averaging Dates 
Where "Averaging" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
any Valuation Dates, the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether "Postponement", 
"Modified Postponement" or "Omission" will apply in respect of each such Valuation 
Date or, if no such election is specified, "Postponement" shall apply. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)), 
where "Omission" applies in respect of any Valuation Date to which "Averaging" 
applies, if a Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then such 
Specified Valuation Date shall be deemed not to be a Valuation Date PROVIDED 
THAT, if by operation of this provision there would be no Valuation Date in respect 
of the relevant determination, then the provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Closing Levels)) will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant Underlying 
Closing Level(s) on the final relevant Valuation Date as if such Valuation Date were a 
Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day. 
(h) 
Adjustment Events 
If in the determination of the Calculation Agent any Adjustment Event occurs, then 
(subject to the provisions of the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying) 
the Calculation Agent shall (i) make such adjustment to the terms of the Securities as

--- Page 1167 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1141 
 
the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of 
such Adjustment Event subject to the provisions (if any) of such Underlying Schedule 
and (ii) determine the effective date of each such adjustment. 
Any adjustment pursuant to the above may include a "monetisation" of the Securities. 
Where the Securities are monetised, (i) the Calculation Agent will determine the value 
in the Settlement Currency (the "Monetised Amount") of the bond component and the 
embedded derivative(s) comprising the Securities on a date selected by the Calculation 
Agent (the "Monetisation Valuation Date"), (ii) any future amounts in respect of 
interest (if any) and the Final Redemption Amount will no longer be payable and (iii) 
the Securities will instead pay on the Maturity Date an amount equal to (a) the 
Monetised Amount plus (b) interest accrued on such amount at the overnight rate 
relating to the Settlement Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency Securities, the 
Denomination Currency) selected by the Calculation Agent which shall accrue during 
the period from (and including) the Monetisation Valuation Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date. 
If an "Increased Cost of Hedging" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms 
and occurs, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment to the terms of the 
Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate to pass on to Securityholders the 
relevant increased cost of hedging, which adjustment may include, but is not limited 
to, reducing any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Securities 
or reducing the number of any Relevant Assets which would otherwise be deliverable 
under the Securities. 
If so specified in the relevant Underlying Schedule and subject as otherwise provided 
in the Conditions, any adjustment(s) made by the Calculation Agent in response to an 
Adjustment Event may include a substitution of the relevant Underlying or other asset 
as specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to the relevant Underlying and the 
Calculation Agent may make such other adjustments to the terms of the Securities as 
it deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution. 
(i) 
Early Termination Events 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any Early Termination Event occurs 
in respect of an Underlying or the Securities (as relevant), then (i) in the case of an 
Additional Early Termination Event pursuant to paragraph (i) of the definition of such 
term (subject to the provisions of the Underlying Schedule applicable to such 
Underlying) all (but not some only) of the Securities will or (ii) in the case of a Hedging 
Disruption Early Termination Event or a Section 871(m) Event, all (but not some only) 
of the Securities may, be redeemed on a day selected by the Issuer, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount on the 
Early Termination Date. 
(j) 
Realisation Disruption 
If "Realisation Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
a Realisation Disruption Event occurs, then the Issuer may either (i) direct the 
Calculation Agent to make such consequential adjustments to any of the terms of the 
Securities (including any payment or delivery obligations) as it determines appropriate 
in order to reflect the economic effect of the particular Realisation Disruption Event or 
(ii) redeem all (but not some only) of the Securities on a day selected by the Issuer, 
each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early Termination 
Amount.  
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to) 
(I) payments under the Securities being made in the currency (the "Local Currency") 
in which the Hedging Positions are denominated or payable rather than the Settlement 
Currency, (II) deduction of an amount equal to the applicable tax, charge or deduction 
from the relevant payment otherwise due under the relevant Securities or delivery of 
any Entitlement being subject to payment by the relevant Securityholder of an amount

--- Page 1168 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1142 
 
equal to a pro rata portion of any such tax, charge or deduction resulting in reduced 
amounts paid or delivered in respect of the Securities, (III) non-payment of the relevant 
payment or non-delivery of the relevant Entitlement otherwise due under the relevant 
Securities until the relevant restrictions (including but not limited to all exchange 
and/or conversion and/or cross-border transfer restrictions) are lifted and/or (IV) 
determination of any relevant exchange rate by the Calculation Agent taking into 
consideration all available information that it deems relevant, which may result in a 
different rate to that which would have applied had the Realisation Disruption not 
occurred, and/or (V) (where legally permissible) in lieu of paying any cash amounts in 
respect of the Securities, procuring physical delivery of any Underlying(s), delivered 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders by the Issuer (or vice versa) 
PROVIDED THAT such Underlying(s) may be subject to transfer restrictions and 
additional certifications may be required from the Securityholders. Any such 
adjustments will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(k) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
In the event that any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of an Underlying for any 
time on any day which is published or announced by or on behalf of the person or 
entity responsible for such publication or announcement and which is used for any 
calculation or determination made in respect of the Securities is subsequently 
corrected, and the correction (the "Corrected Level") is published by or on behalf of 
such person or entity within the relevant Correction Period after the original 
publication (and at least two Business Days prior to the relevant date on which a 
payment or delivery is scheduled to be made under the Securities) (the "Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date"), then such Corrected Level shall be deemed to be the 
level, price, rate or value for the relevant Underlying for the relevant time on the 
relevant day and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Level in determining 
any amounts payable and/or deliverable in respect of the Securities. 
Corrections published after the day which is two Business Days prior to the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purposes of determining any such amounts payable and/or deliverable under the 
Securities. 
(l) 
Notifications 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and each Paying Agent of any 
determination made by it in accordance with this Condition 2 and the action that it 
proposes to take in respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the 
Securityholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer 
or any Paying Agent or failure by the Issuer to notify the Securityholders of any such 
determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
(m) 
Definitions 
"Additional Adjustment Event" means, in each case if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Underlying, each event (if any) specified as 
such in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Additional Early Termination Event" means, in each case if specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Underlying, each event (if any) specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms and in the Underlying Schedule applicable to 
such Underlying and (ii) in respect of Underlying Linked Securities only if Hedging 
Disruption Early Termination Event and/or Section 871(m) Event is/are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Hedging Disruption Early Termination 
Event and/or a Section 871(m) Event. 
"Adjustment Event" means, in each case if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the occurrence at any time of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, an

--- Page 1169 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1143 
 
Increased Cost of Hedging or the occurrence at any time of any Additional Adjustment 
Event applicable to such Underlying. 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, each Valuation Date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, as adjusted in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)), Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation 
Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)), Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Levels)) above and/or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(g) (Averaging Dates) 
below and/or, as applicable, the relevant Underlying Schedule or any date deemed 
pursuant to the Conditions to be a Valuation Date. 
"Change in Law" means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that 
(a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, rule, order, directive or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation, (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
if, in relation to Change in Law, "Illegality" is specified to apply in the 
applicable Issue Terms, holding, acquiring or disposing of any Hedging 
Position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in 
whole or in part, and such unlawfulness, illegality or prohibition cannot be 
cured or avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) taking all commercially 
reasonable measures available to it (including that any such measures will not 
result in the Issuer (or its agents) incurring a material loss); or  
(ii) 
if, in relation to Change in Law, "Material Increased Cost" is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Securities 
(including without limitation due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of any relevant Hedging 
Party) which cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) taking reasonable 
measures available to it (as determined by the Issuer) and for which it (or its 
agents) will not suffer a material loss.  
"Correction Period" shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it 
in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Early Termination Event" means, in respect of an Underlying or the Securities (as 
the case may be), (i) if, Early Termination Option is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to the relevant Adjustment Event, following the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made under this Condition to account for 
the effect of such Adjustment Event, or (ii) if specified to apply in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the occurrence at any time of any Additional Early Termination Event 
applicable to such Underlying or the Securities (as the case may be). 
"Electronic Page" means, in respect of an Underlying and (if applicable) any 
component of such Underlying (however described in the relevant Underlying 
Schedule), the electronic page or source specified for such Underlying or such 
component, as the case may be, in the applicable Issue Terms, or either (i) any 
successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider that has been 
designated by the sponsor of the original electronic page or source; or (ii) if such 
sponsor has not officially designated a successor electronic page or source or 
information vendor or provider, the successor electronic page or source or information 
vendor or provider designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if 
different from such sponsor) or any alternative electronic page or source designated by 
the Calculation Agent PROVIDED THAT if, in the case of (i) and (ii), the Calculation 
Agent determines that it is not necessary or appropriate for the Electronic Page to be

--- Page 1170 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1144 
 
any such successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider, then 
the Electronic Page may be either the originally designated electronic page or source 
or such other electronic page or source as selected by the Calculation Agent. Where 
more than one Electronic Page is specified in respect of an Underlying and/or (if 
applicable) any component of such Underlying (however described in the relevant 
Underlying Schedule), then the provisions of the preceding sentence shall be construed 
accordingly and (i) if there is any discrepancy between any relevant price or level 
displayed on the relevant Electronic Pages for any Valuation Date, the relevant price 
or level selected by the Calculation Agent shall be used for such Valuation Date; and 
(ii) if any relevant price or level is not published on all of such Electronic Pages but is 
published on one or more of such Electronic Pages, the Calculation Agent shall use 
such published price or level for the purpose of determining any calculation or 
determination in respect of the Securities and no Disrupted Day shall be deemed to 
have occurred in respect of the failure to publish on the other Electronic Page(s). 
"Hedging Disruption" means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
that any Hedging Party is unable or would be unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to 
hedge or be able to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations under the Securities; or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event" means, if specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, any action, or any announcement of the intention to take 
any such action, including adoption of any law, regulation or order or the amendment, 
elimination, reinterpretation or promulgation of an interpretation, by any regulatory, 
self-regulatory, legislative or judicial authority with competent jurisdiction (including, 
without limitation, as implemented by the United States Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission ("CFTC") or any exchange or trading facility acting pursuant to CFTC 
authority) that (i) affects the definition of "bona fide hedging" as that term is used in 
CFTC regulations adopted under Section 4a(a) of the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act") (as at the Trade Date 
17 CFR 150.3) or that withdraws or limits as a matter of practice or policy any "hedge 
exemptions" previously granted by the CFTC or any such exchange or trading facility 
acting under authority granted pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act, or affects or 
otherwise amends such other applicable laws of any jurisdiction which has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in this sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) increases 
the cost of the performance of the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities or the 
cost of acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or 
disposing of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary 
to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations under the 
Securities, whether individually or on a portfolio basis, in each case occurring after the 
Trade Date and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges 
or is intended to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or "book") basis, the Securities, 
which party may be the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or 
parties, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Position" means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts (as applicable) 
in securities, futures contracts, options contracts, cross currency derivatives contracts, 
interest rate derivative contracts, asset swap derivative contracts, other derivative 
contracts or foreign exchange contracts; (ii) stock loan transactions, securities 
transactions or loan transactions; (iii) other instruments or arrangements (however 
described) entered into by a Hedging Party in order to hedge, individually or on a 
portfolio (or "book") basis, the Securities; or (iv) positions or contracts in one or more 
credit derivatives contracts which may be in combination with any of paragraphs (i) or 
(iii) above.

--- Page 1171 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1145 
 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
under the Securities; or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). Any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely 
due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of any Hedging Party shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Realisation Disruption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
either any restrictions or any taxes, charges or other deductions have been 
imposed by any applicable governmental, taxation, judicial or regulatory 
body on any dealing by any Hedging Party in any Hedging Positions held by 
any Hedging Party such that:  
(A) 
any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from 
continuing to purchase, sell or otherwise deal in any Hedging 
Positions (or to enter into, continue or otherwise complete such 
transactions) and/or is or would be materially restricted from 
exercising its rights, or performing its obligations in respect of any 
Hedging Positions;  
(B) 
the Issuer is materially restricted from performing its obligations 
under the Securities and/or any Hedging Party is materially restricted 
from performing its obligations under any Hedging Positions; or  
(C) 
the Issuer will (or is likely to) incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Securities and/or any Hedging 
Party will (or is likely to) incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under any Hedging Positions; or 
(ii) 
an event has occurred or circumstances exist (including without limitation 
either any restrictions or any charges or deductions imposed by any applicable 
governmental, judicial or regulatory body):  
(A) 
that materially restricts the ability of any Hedging Party to (i) 
exchange or convert the Local Currency for any Settlement Currency 
or any Settlement Currency for the Local Currency through the 
customary legal channels and/or (ii) deliver any Settlement Currency 
or the Local Currency and/or (iii) transfer the proceeds of the 
Hedging Positions (or any transaction relating to a Hedging Position) 
(A) between, accounts in the jurisdiction of the Local Currency (the 
"Local Jurisdiction") and any accounts in the jurisdiction of any 
Settlement Currency or (B) to or from a party that is a non-resident 
of the Local Jurisdiction and/or to a party that is a resident of the 
jurisdiction of any Settlement Currency; and/or 
(B) 
such that any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from 
transferring amounts payable under any Hedging Position or in 
respect of the Securities between (i) the Local Jurisdiction and the 
jurisdiction of a Hedging Party and/or (ii) the jurisdiction of any 
Settlement Currency and the jurisdiction of a Hedging Party; and/or 
(C) 
such that the Calculation Agent's ability to determine a rate at which 
the Local Currency can be exchanged for any Settlement Currency 
(or vice versa), for any reason becomes restricted, or such

--- Page 1172 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1146 
 
determination is otherwise impracticable or such rate is subject to 
material charges or deductions. 
The above provisions refer to "materially restricted", "materially increased" and 
"material" and any determination in respect of "materially" or "material" in respect of 
any such provision shall be made by the Calculation Agent which shall have regard to 
such circumstances as it deems appropriate. 
"Section 871(m) Event" means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, that the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor 
and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or, save where the 
applicable Issue Terms specify that "Section 871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not 
applicable, in each case, any Hedging Party is (or, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable likelihood that, within the next 30 Business 
Days, the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or, save where the applicable 
Issue Terms specify that "Section 871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not applicable, in each 
case, any Hedging Party will become) subject to any withholding or reporting 
obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code with respect to the Securities 
and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or, where the 
Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, and/or, in each case, save where 
the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Section 871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not 
applicable, any Hedging Positions.  
"Specified Valuation Date" means each date deemed pursuant to the Conditions to be 
a Specified Valuation Date or as specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Issue Date. 
"Underlying" means each underlying reference factor specified as such and classified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Closing Level" shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning 
given to it in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Underlying Level" shall, in respect of an Underlying and if applicable, have the 
meaning given to it in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Underlying Schedule" means, in respect of an Underlying, the schedule that is 
specified to be applicable to such Underlying as a result of the classification of such 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date: 
(i) 
Where the relevant Valuation Date is not specified to be an Averaging Date 
or is an Averaging Date to which "Postponement" is specified to apply in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Warrants linked to one Underlying, a Scheduled 
Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the Underlying; 
(B) 
in respect of Warrants linked to more than one Underlying if "Move 
In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Scheduled 
Trading Day for all the Underlyings which is not a Disrupted Day 
for all of the Underlyings; and 
(C) 
in respect of Warrants linked to more than one Underlying if "Move 
In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and in respect of 
the Underlying for which the Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted 
Day, a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying and which is not 
a Disrupted Day for such Underlying; and

--- Page 1173 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1147 
 
(ii) 
Where the relevant Valuation Date is specified to be an Averaging Date to 
which "Modified Postponement" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Warrants linked to one Underlying, a Scheduled 
Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the Underlying and 
on which another Valuation Date in relation to the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date does not or is not deemed to occur; 
(B) 
in respect of Warrants linked to more than one Underlying if "Move 
In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Scheduled 
Trading Day for all the Underlyings which is not a Disrupted Day 
for all of the Underlyings and on which another Valuation Date in 
relation to the relevant Actual Exercise Date does not or is not 
deemed to occur; and 
(C) 
in respect of Warrants linked to more than one Underlying if "Move 
In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and in respect of 
the Underlying for which the Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted 
Day, a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted Day for such Underlying and on which another Valuation 
Date in relation to such Underlying and the relevant Actual Exercise 
Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Valuation and Settlement Condition" means each condition specified in this 
Underlying Schedule. 
"Valuation Date" means each Specified Valuation Date, as adjusted in accordance 
with Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)), Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)), Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(f) above and/or, as applicable, the relevant Underlying 
Schedule or any date deemed pursuant to the Conditions to be a Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Roll" means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if no number is so specified, eight. 
"Valuation Time" shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in 
the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
(n) 
Fallback Provisions for Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities 
In respect of Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities, where the applicable 
Issue Terms specifies that this Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(n) (Fallback 
Provisions for Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities) applies, the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Adjustment Events), Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(i) (Early Termination Events) and Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(j) (Realisation Disruption) and the related definitions set out 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(m) (Definitions) shall apply to the Securities 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms notwithstanding that the Securities are not 
Underlying Linked Securities. 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(n) (Fallback Provisions 
for Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities), references to any Underlying 
or Underlying Schedule in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Adjustment 
Events), Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(i) (Early Termination Events), 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(j) (Realisation Disruption)` and the related 
definitions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(m) (Definitions) shall be 
disregarded and the relevant Valuation and Settlement Condition shall be construed 
accordingly.

--- Page 1174 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1148 
 
3. 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy Provisions and 
Adjustments), in the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent or, where a separate Determination Agent is appointed in respect 
of the Securities, the Determination Agent (such agent, the "Relevant Agent") may 
make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Relevant Agent 
determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or 
circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or more 
amendments and/or be made on one or more dates (b) be determined by reference to 
any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made in relation to 
any hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities and (c) include selecting a 
successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the terms of the Securities, 
and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision for allocation 
of exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or 
(b) 
the Issuer may (if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms and at its option) redeem 
the Securities on a day selected by the Issuer, in which case each Security shall be 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount. 
PROVIDED THAT the Relevant Agent has fully determined any adjustment(s) as provided 
above to the terms of the Securities, the Relevant Agent shall notify the Issuer of such 
determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the earliest relevant 
effective date. The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof or of any election to redeem 
the Securities as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 
15 (Notices). Failure by the Relevant Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify 
the Securityholders of any such determination or election will not affect the validity of any such 
determination or election. 
For the purposes of the above: 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Relevant Agent determines that (1) a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur, or (2) any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant 
Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in 
each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Relevant Agent or any other entity is not, or will 
not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities, or (3) save where the applicable 
Issue Terms specify that "Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))" is not applicable, it is 
not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in connection with 
the Securities as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of 
obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, 
the Relevant Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Securities and for any reason such licence is either not 
obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence), or (4) there has been an official announcement by the supervisor of the 
administrator and/or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark that the relevant Benchmark is no longer 
representative, or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, 
of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to 
measure.  
"Benchmark" means any figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the 
Securities, or the value of the Securities, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such 
figure or rate, all as determined by the Relevant Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of 
the following:

--- Page 1175 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1149 
 
(a) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(b) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark; or 
(c) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark in respect 
of the Securities.  
4. 
Provisions relating to Interest 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Fixed Rate Securities Provisions to be applicable 
to the Securities  or are otherwise deemed to apply as provided under the terms of this Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule ("Fixed Rate Securities"), the definitions and provisions set out in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1 (the "Fixed Rate Securities Provisions") shall 
apply.  
(a) 
Accrual not applicable to Fixed Rate Securities 
If the Securities are expressed to be Fixed Rate Securities in the applicable Issue Terms 
and Accrual is specified as "Not Applicable" in the Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Interest Payment Date to which the Fixed Rate Provisions apply (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms), where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise provided 
in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, the Issuer will pay the Interest Amount 
specified for the relevant Interest Payment Date in the Settlement Currency. For which 
purpose, the "Interest Amount" will be (i) the amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms or (ii) where different amounts are specified in relation to different Interest 
Payment Dates, in respect of each Interest Payment Date, the amount specified in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date.  
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the 
Securities if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is 
specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date. 
(b) 
Accrual applicable to Fixed Rate Securities  
If the Securities are Notes and are expressed to be Fixed Rate Securities in the 
applicable Issue Terms and Accrual is specified to be "Applicable" in the Issue Terms, 
then each such Fixed Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the relevant 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Fixed Interest 
Rate(s) (each such rate being an "Interest Rate"). Subject as otherwise provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions, the relevant interest Amount will be 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date to which the Fixed Rate Securities 
Provisions apply, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In respect of an Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date (an "Ending Interest 
Period End Date"), such interest will be payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
on or about such Ending Interest Period End Date. 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such 
date will amount to the Interest Amount. 
If an Interest Rate or a Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day is specified 
in any other Valuation and Settlement Condition or in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
a "Fixed Interest Rate", the relevant Interest Rate or Reference Rate will be determined 
in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1(b).

--- Page 1176 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1150 
 
(i) 
Fixed Interest Rate 
The "Fixed Interest Rate" in respect of each Interest Period shall be equal to 
the Specified Fixed Rate, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to such Specified Fixed Rate for such Interest Period), and further multiplied 
by the Interest Participation Rate ("IPR") (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to such Specified Fixed Rate for such Interest Period). 
(ii) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the relevant 
Interest Rate to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities which are represented by a 
Global Security, the aggregate outstanding principal amount or 
number of the Fixed Rate Securities represented by such Global 
Security; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (I) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and (II) (a) in respect of Range Accrual Securities, multiplying the 
product calculated in (I) by the Accrual Rate (as described in the definition of 
Interest Amount in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1 (Interest and 
Redemption Provisions)) or (b) where Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.7 (Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) applies, multiplying the product 
calculated in (I) by the Accrual Interest Rate, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Security is a multiple of 
the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Security shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding.  
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be 
subject to Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in 
respect of the Securities if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an 
Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(c) 
If the Securities are Certificates and are expressed to be Fixed Rate Securities in the 
applicable Issue Terms and Accrual is specified to be "Applicable" in the Issue Terms, 
then each such Fixed Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Interest Rate(s). Subject as 
otherwise provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions, the relevant Interest 
Amount will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. In respect of an Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an 
Ending Interest Period End Date, such interest will be payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling on or about such Ending Interest Period End Date. 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such 
date will amount to the Interest Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified.

--- Page 1177 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1151 
 
Except where an applicable Interest Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date and the related Interest 
Period, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by multiplying the relevant 
Interest Rate by: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities which are represented by a Global 
Security, the aggregate of the Calculation Amounts in respect of the total 
number of Securities represented by such Global Security; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, (I) multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and (II) (a) in respect of Range Accrual Securities, multiplying the product calculated 
in (I) by the Accrual Rate (as described in the definition of Interest Amount in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1 (Interest and Redemption Provisions)) or (b) 
where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7 (Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) 
applies, multiplying the product calculated in (I) by the Accrual Interest Rate,  and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention.  
The Interest Amount or Broken Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date 
shall be subject to Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in 
respect of the Securities if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest 
Barrier Event is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such 
Interest Payment Date. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Floating Rate Securities Provisions to be 
applicable to the Securities  or are otherwise deemed to apply as provided under the terms of 
this Valuation and Settlement Schedule ("Floating Rate Securities"), the definitions and 
provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule 4.2 (the "Floating Rate Securities 
Provisions") shall apply. 
Each Floating Rate Security which is a Note bears interest from (and including) the relevant 
Interest Commencement Date and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise provided in the 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions, the relevant Interest Amount determined in accordance 
with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (General provisions relating to interest) will be 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date to which the Floating Rate Securities Provisions 
apply. In respect of an Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Ending Interest Period End 
Date, such interest will be payable on the Interest Payment Date falling on or about such Ending 
Interest Period End Date. 
In respect of each Floating Rate Security which is a Certificate, interest shall be calculated in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and 
payable on each Interest Payment Date(s) to which the Floating Rate Securities Provisions 
apply. Subject as otherwise provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions, the relevant 
Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date to which the Floating Rate 
Securities Provisions apply. In respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) and 
Ending Interest Period End Date, such Interest Amount will be payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling on or about such Interest Period End Date (or as otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms). 
The interest (if any) payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if Interest Barrier 
Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 1178 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1152 
 
If an Interest Rate or a Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day is specified in any 
other Valuation and Settlement Condition or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Floating 
"Interest Rate", the relevant Interest Rate or Reference Rate will be determined in accordance 
with the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.2(a) to 4.2(h), as 
applicable. 
A different Floating Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or 
Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Floating Interest Rate for 
the relevant Interest Period or a relevant day (such day, a "Relevant Day") will be the 
Screen Rate for such Interest Period or Relevant Day, plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to such Screen Rate, and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate 
(if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such Screen Rate). 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a), the "Screen Rate" 
for any Interest Period or any Relevant Day will, subject as provided below, be: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations; or 
(iii) 
the rate provided by the relevant administrator, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such Relevant Day, all as 
determined by the Relevant Agent. If five or more offered quotations are available on 
the Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Relevant Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided below) of such offered 
quotations. 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy Provisions 
and Adjustments), if the Page is not available or if, in the case of (i), no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (ii), fewer than three offered quotations appear or, 
in the case of (iii) the Reference Rate does not appear on the Page and/or the Reference 
Rate is not provided or published by the relevant administrator and/or a relevant 
authorised distributor or a component of the Reference Rate is not provided or 
published, in each case as at the Specified Time, or by 10.30 a.m. Sydney time in the 
case of BBSW, the Screen Rate shall be determined by the Relevant Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it 
deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market) (the "SRD Fallback Provisions"). For the 
avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the Relevant Agent may determine the 
relevant Screen Rate by reference to one of the following: 
(A) 
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) 
published on the relevant Interest Determination Date on a different screen 
page by another authorised distributor of the relevant rate; 
(B) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the Reference 
Rate or the supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or 
convened by any such entity) responsible for supervising the Reference Rate 
or the administrator thereof; or

--- Page 1179 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1153 
 
(C) 
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) 
last provided or published by the relevant administrator; or 
(D) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the 
Relevant Agent on a date determined by the Relevant Agent for a 
representative amount (and, where relevant, with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market) and, if applicable, for a term equal to the 
designated maturity, calculated in the manner determined by the Relevant 
Agent. 
In the event that the administrator of a relevant Reference Rate amends the 
methodology of such Reference Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to 
the time of publication of the relevant rate), the Relevant Agent may but shall not be 
required to make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise 
provided for in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a) (including, without 
limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the 
definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Relevant Agent 
determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice 
(or, if the Relevant Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or if the Relevant Agent determines that no appropriate 
market practice exists, in such other manner as the Relevant Agent determines is 
reasonably necessary).  
In the event that the Screen Rate is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the 
"Corrected Rate") is published after the original publication but no later than the 
longer of (a) one hour after such original publication and (b) any other period for 
corrections specified by a relevant administrator in its methodology for the relevant 
Reference Rate, then PROVIDED THAT such Corrected Rate is published on or prior 
to the date falling two Business Days prior to the date on which a related payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment 
Date")), then such Corrected Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant Screen Rate and 
the Relevant Agent shall use such Corrected Rate in determining any relevant amount 
payable in respect of the Securities. Any corrections published after the second 
Business Day prior to the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for 
the purposes of determining the relevant Screen Rate. 
If a Reference Rate to which Screen Rate Determination applies is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as being other than EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, 
ROBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, BBSW or BKBM, the Screen Rate (and any relevant 
Reference Rate) in respect of such Securities alternative provisions may be specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If the Screen Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as provided above, the 
Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent and the Issuer of any such 
Screen Rate so determined as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event, prior to 
the date on which any relevant amount is to be determined. 
The Relevant Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or 
the CGMFL Guarantor or to any third party as a result of the Relevant Agent having 
acted on any quotation given by any reference bank.  
(b) 
ISDA Determination 
(i) 
ISDA Rate 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments), where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to 
be determined, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period or 
Relevant Day will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in

--- Page 1180 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1154 
 
the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to such ISDA Rate) and multiplied by the Interest 
Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to such ISDA Rate) PROVIDED THAT, if: 
(x) 
"Floored ISDA Rate" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Floating Interest Rate 
shall be equal to (I) the higher of (x) the ISDA Rate and 
(y) 0 per cent., (II) plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such ISDA Rate) 
and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such 
ISDA Rate). 
(y) 
if "Floored Interest Amount" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Floating Interest Rate 
shall be equal to the higher of (I) the ISDA Rate, plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
relevant Margin (if applicable) and multiplied by the 
Interest Participation Rate (if applicable) and (II) 0 per 
cent.  
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b), "ISDA 
Rate" for any Interest Period means the rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction (a "Swap Transaction" or a "Transaction") if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions, 
as defined below) (the "ISDA Calculation Agent") for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT  
(A) 
if the 2006 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot 
be determined in accordance with the 2006 Definitions read with the 
above provisions and prior to the application of any provisions 
relating to an index cessation event (howsoever described) or other 
permanent cessation fallback provisions in the 2006 Definitions 
(including where applicable such fallbacks set out in any supplement 
to the 2006 Definitions and, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions)) then, subject as provided 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy Provisions 
and Adjustments) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period shall be such 
rate as is determined by the Relevant Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative 
benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market); or 
(B) 
if the 2021 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot

--- Page 1181 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1155 
 
be determined in accordance with the 2021 Definitions read with the 
above provisions but prior to the application of any provisions 
relating to permanent cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event in the 2021 Definitions (including, for the avoidance of doubt 
any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions), then, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments) and notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be such rate as is determined by the Relevant Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b), terms 
used for the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate under the relevant 
ISDA Definitions shall have the meanings given to those terms in the relevant 
ISDA Definitions, and the date on which any ISDA Rate is to be determined 
shall be an "Interest Determination Date". 
References in the 2006 Definitions to: 
• 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in 
the relevant Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items specified for 
such purpose in the applicable Issue Terms; 
• 
the "Effective Date" shall be to the relevant Interest Commencement 
Date; 
• 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest 
Period End Date; 
• 
a "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Day Count Fraction; 
• 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest 
Payment Date; and 
• 
the "Termination Date" shall be to the last occurring relevant Interest 
Payment Date. 
References in the 2021 Definitions to:  
• 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in 
the relevant Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items specified for 
such purpose in the applicable Issue Terms; 
• 
the "Effective Date" shall be to the relevant Interest Commencement 
Date;  
• 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest 
Period End Date, PROVIDED THAT where the Business Day 
Convention applicable to the relevant Interest Period End Date is 
"Floating Rate Convention", "Modified Following Business Day 
Convention" or "Preceding Business Day Convention" and "Period 
End Date/Termination Date adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday" is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, where that 
Interest Period End Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a

--- Page 1182 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1156 
 
Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday, that date will 
instead fall on the first following day that is a Business Day; 
• 
a "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Day Count Fraction;  
• 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest 
Payment Date, PROVIDED THAT where "Payment Date 
adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms and the Business Day Convention 
applicable to the relevant Interest Period End Date is "Floating Rate 
Convention", "Modified Following Business Day Convention" or 
"Preceding Business Day Convention", where that Interest Payment 
Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a 
result of an Unscheduled Holiday, that date will instead fall on the 
first following day that is a Business Day and, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, where any other payment 
date (a Related Payment Date) is scheduled to fall on the same day, 
that Related Payment Date shall also be adjusted accordingly, all 
subject as provided in General Condition 8; and 
• 
the "Termination Date" shall be to the last occurring relevant Interest 
Payment Date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the ISDA Definitions:  
(a) 
the provisions of General Condition 12(c) (subject as provided in 
General Condition 12(d)) shall apply in relation to determinations 
made by the Relevant Agent pursuant to this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(b) and any such provision in the relevant 
ISDA Definitions shall be disregarded. In addition, all calculations 
and determinations made in respect of the Securities by the Relevant 
Agent under the Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest error) 
be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and the Securityholders;  
(b) 
any requirement under the ISDA Definitions for the ISDA 
Calculation Agent: (i) to give notice of a determination made by it 
to any other party will be deemed to be a requirement for the 
Calculation Agent to provide an equivalent notice to the Issuer; and 
(ii) to consult with the other party or the parties will be deemed to be 
a requirement for the Relevant Agent to consult with the Issuer. Any 
such notice or consultation may be given or carried out orally or in 
writing (including by electronic mail or communications). In 
addition the right of any party under the ISDA Definitions to require 
the ISDA Calculation Agent to take any action or fulfil any 
responsibility will be deemed to be solely the right of the Issuer to 
require this of the Relevant Agent in its discretion and no 
Securityholder will have any right to require the Issuer to do this or 
to direct the Relevant Agent in this regard; 
(c) 
where the ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties 
to the relevant transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been 
unable to reach agreement and the fallback applicable in such 
circumstances will be deemed to apply; 
(d) 
in the event that the Relevant Agent determines that any Fixing Day 
or other day on which an ISDA Rate is determined under the ISDA 
Definitions is less than two Business Days prior to the relevant date 
originally scheduled for payment, the Relevant Agent may 
determine that such date for payment and/or any Related Payment

--- Page 1183 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1157 
 
Date be delayed to a date falling not more than two Business Days 
after the relevant Fixing Day or relevant other day and 
Securityholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other 
payment in respect of any such delay; and 
(e) 
in respect of the 2021 Definitions only, in the event that the 
Correction Time Period applicable to an ISDA Rate ends later than 
two Business Days prior to the relevant date for payment, any 
corrections published after the second Business Day prior to the 
relevant date for payment shall be disregarded for the purposes of 
determining the relevant ISDA Rate. 
If any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a 
relevant rate applies pursuant to the ISDA Definitions or the interest rate swap 
transaction thereunder then, in relation thereto, the Relevant Agent may but 
shall not be required to (i) if it would not otherwise apply in relation to the 
determination of the ISDA Rate in accordance with the above provisions, take 
into account any such any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or 
replacement (including by reference to the hedging arrangements for the 
relevant Securities) in determining of the relevant ISDA Rate and (ii) make 
any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided 
for in this Condition (including without limitation any technical, 
administrative or operational changes, changes to the definition of Interest 
Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of 
interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where 
applicable)) that the Relevant Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Relevant Agent 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Relevant Agent determines that no 
appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the Relevant 
Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b), "ISDA 
Definitions" means (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor 
thereto ("ISDA"), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Securities (the "2006 Definitions"), or (ii) if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate 
Matrix, in each case, published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Securities (the "2021 Definitions"), provided in each case that 
if the Relevant Agent determines this is appropriate by reference to the 
hedging arrangements for the relevant series of Securities, ISDA Definitions 
will mean any successor definitional booklet to or version of the 2006 
Definitions or 2021 Definitions as applicable, each as supplemented or 
amended from time to time for interest rate derivatives, all as determined as 
of the date of the relevant determination under this Condition and the Relevant 
Agent may make such conforming changes to the Conditions as are necessary 
or appropriate to reflect the terms of the relevant successor definitional 
booklet or version. 
(ii) 
Linear Interpolation 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the ISDA 
Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where "ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. If such 
provisions apply, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(f) 
(Linear Interpolation) shall not apply to the relevant ISDA Rate.

--- Page 1184 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1158 
 
(c) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination  
(i) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Non-Index Determination 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be 
determined, the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be the 
Compounded Daily SONIA (the "SONIA Floating Rate") as determined on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (if any is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SONIA Floating Rate)) the 
Margin (if any) and multiplied the Interest Participation Rate (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SONIA Floating 
Rate).  
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(i), 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as follows (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards, or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention in the derivatives market): 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as follows: 
 
[∏(1 + SONIAi x  ni
365) −1
d0
i=1
] × 365
𝑑 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, as follows: 
 
[∏(1 + SONIAi−5LBD x  ni
365) −1
d0
i=1
] × 365
𝑑 
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of 
any London Banking Day. The SONIA rate applied to a day that is not a 
London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA rate for the 
previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Period. 
"d0" means:

--- Page 1185 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1159 
 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
in the relevant Interest Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and including, the 
last London Banking Day in such Interest Period. 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following London Banking Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling five London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
five London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling five London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become due and payable). 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant 
Observation Period and subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(g) (Corrections in respect of compounded rates and indices), a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) 
rate (the "SONIA rate") for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day). 
"SONIAi-5LBD" in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant 
Interest Period, means a reference rate equal to the SONIA rate for the London 
Banking Day falling five London Banking Days prior to such London 
Banking Day "i" as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the 
London Banking Day immediately following the London Banking Day falling 
five London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day "i").  
∏
⬚
n
i=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example,  
[∏(1 + Xi
365) −1
30
i=1
] 
means [(1 + X1 / 365 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 365 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 365 ) – 1]. 
(ii) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination

--- Page 1186 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1160 
 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be 
determined and Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to the 
screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average reference rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time at the relevant 
time on the relevant determination dates specified below (and subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(g) (Corrections in 
respect of compounded rates and indices) the "SONIA Compounded 
Index") and the following formula (the "SONIA Index Floating Rate"). 
Such Floating Interest Rate will be plus or minus (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SONIA Index Floating Rate) the 
Margin (if any) and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (is any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SONIA Index 
Floating Rate): 
Compounded Daily SONIA =  
(
SONIA Compounded Indexy
SONIA Compounded Indexx −1) × (
365
d ) 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in 
relation to which "x" is determined to (but excluding) the day in 
relation to which "y" is determined;  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"x" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
"y" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the Final Interest Period End Date of 
the relevant Interest Period. 
(iii) 
Non-availability 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments), and save where Index Determination applies, 
the following provisions (the "SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions") 
will apply if, in respect of any London Banking Day, the Relevant Agent 
determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the relevant Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors. In such 
circumstances, the Relevant Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being: 
(i)(A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close 
of business on such day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those spreads) to the Bank Rate, or (ii) if 
the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business 
on such day, the SONIA rate published on the relevant Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on such Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).

--- Page 1187 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1161 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that 
is to replace the SONIA rate, the Relevant Agent shall, to the extent that it is 
reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the 
SONIA rate for the purpose of the Securities for so long as the SONIA rate is 
not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors.  
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments), and where Index Determination is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following provisions (the 
"SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions") will apply if in respect of any relevant 
determination date a SONIA Compounded Index value has not been provided 
or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor 
administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not 
available. In these circumstances, the relevant SONIA Compounded Index 
value shall be determined by the Relevant Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems 
appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market).  
(iv) 
Amendments to SONIA Methodology 
In the event that the administrator of SONIA amends the methodology of 
SONIA (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication 
of the relevant rate), the Relevant Agent may but shall not be required to make 
any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided 
for in this Condition (including, without limitation, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest) that the Relevant Agent 
determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Relevant Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Relevant Agent 
determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner 
as the Relevant Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
(d) 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(i) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, 
the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be 
Compounded Daily SOFR (the "SOFR Floating Rate"), as determined on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (if any is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SOFR Floating Rate) the 
Margin (if any) and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (is any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SOFR Floating 
Rate). 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards, or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention in the derivatives market:

--- Page 1188 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1162 
 
[∏(1 + Relevant SOFR Level ni
360) −1
d0
i=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where "SOFR OIS Compounding" 
or "SOFR Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or (where 
"SOFR Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period;  
"d0" means, (where "SOFR OIS Compounding" or "SOFR Compounding 
with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable 
Issue Terms) in respect of any Interest Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period or 
(where "SOFR Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is specified as 
the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any 
SOFR Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period;  
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(where "SOFR OIS Compounding" or "SOFR Compounding with Lookback" 
is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms) in the 
relevant Interest Period or (where "SOFR Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift" is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", means the number 
of calendar days from and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1");  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant SOFR Level" means: 
(a) 
where "SOFR OIS Compounding" is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such day, PROVIDED THAT, 
for the purposes of calculating the SOFR Floating Rate for the final 
Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the period from (and including) the SOFR 
Reference Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or 
the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the SOFR Reference 
Rate for such SOFR Reference Rate Cut-off Date; or 
(b) 
where "SOFR Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, (save as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for the U.S. Government

--- Page 1189 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1163 
 
Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such day; or 
(c) 
where "SOFR Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) SOFRi, where 
"SOFRi" is, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR 
Reference Rate for such day; 
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
Final Interest Period End Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period;  
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("USBDx") and subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(g) (Corrections in respect of compounded rates and indices), 
is a reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing ("SOFR") 
rate for such USBDx as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any 
successor administrator for the publication of such rate (the "New York 
Federal Reserve's Website") (in each case, on or about 8:00 a.m., New York 
City time, on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such USBDx) or if the New York Federal Reserve's Website is 
unavailable as otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator PROVIDED THAT, where a Daily Capped Rate and/or a Daily 
Floored Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of an 
Interest Period, such SOFR Reference Rate shall the lesser of such rate and 
the relevant Daily Capped Rate and/or the greater of such rate and the relevant 
Daily Floored Rate, as applicable; and; 
"SOFR Reference Rate Cut-off Date" means the day that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Maturity Date or the 
redemption date, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination   
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined 
and Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to the following formula 
and based on the SOFR Index (as defined below) (the "SOFR Index Floating 
Rate") and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards, or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention in the 
derivatives market. Such Interest Rate will be plus or minus (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SOFR Index 
Floating Rate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by the Interest Participation 
Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such 
SOFR Index Floating Rate): 
Compounded Daily SOFR =  
(SOFR IndexEnd
SOFR IndexStart
−1) × (360
dc
) 
where:

--- Page 1190 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1164 
 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation 
to which SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.2(g) (Corrections in respect of compounded rates and indices), the SOFR 
Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such index (or any successor administrator of such index) as 
such index appears on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any 
successor administrator for the publication of such index at 3:00 pm New 
York City time; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the relevant 
Final Interest Period End Date; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(iii) 
Non-availability 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments), the following provisions (the "SOFR Fallback 
Provisions") will apply if in respect of any relevant determination date a 
SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, has not been provided or published 
by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor administrator) 
or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available. In these 
circumstances, the relevant SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, shall 
be determined by the Relevant Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and 
any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). 
(iv) 
Amendments to SOFR Methodology 
In the event that the administrator of SOFR amends the methodology of SOFR 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the 
relevant rate), the Relevant Agent may but shall not be required to make any 
related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for 
in this Condition (including, without limitation, any technical, administrative 
or operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest and changes to the definition of Designated 
Maturity (where applicable)) that the Relevant Agent determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Relevant Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Relevant Agent determines 
that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the 
Relevant Agent determines is reasonably necessary).

--- Page 1191 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1165 
 
(e) 
€STR Floating Rate Determination 
(i) 
Compounded Daily €STR 
Where €STR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, 
the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be 
Compounded Daily €STR (the "€STR Floating Rate") as determined on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such €STR Floating Rate) the Margin (if 
any) and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such €STR Floating Rate). 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the euro short-term 
rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as 
follows (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards, or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention in the 
derivatives market): 
[∏
(1 + 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 €𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑥
𝑛𝑖
360) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] ×
360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where "€STR OIS Compounding" 
or "€STR Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or (where 
in the applicable Issue Terms "€STR Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift" is specified as the Compounding Method) the relevant €STR 
Observation Period;  
"d0" means, (where "€STR OIS Compounding" or "€STR Compounding with 
Lookback" is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms) in respect of any Interest Period, the number of T2 Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Period or (where "€STR Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift" is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms) in respect of any €STR Observation Period, the number of T2 
Business Days in the relevant €STR Observation Period; 
"€STR Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" T2 Business Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding the date falling "p" T2 
Business Days preceding the Final Interest Period End Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period;  
"€STR Reference Rate", in respect of any T2 Business Day "i" and subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement 4.2(g) (Corrections in respect of 
compounded rates and indices), is a reference rate equal to the euro short-
term rate ("€STR") rate for such day "i" as provided by the European Central 
Bank (the "ECB"), as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) and published on the ECB's website (or any other 
authorised source) as of 9:00am (Frankfurt time) (or any amended publication 
time as specified by the administrator of €STR in the €STR benchmark 
methodology) and as then published on the relevant Page or, if the relevant 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by the administrator of €STR or 
such authorised distributors, in each case on the T2 Settlement Day 
immediately following such T2 Settlement Day PROVIDED THAT, where a 
Daily Capped Rate and/or a Daily Floored Rate is specified in the applicable

--- Page 1192 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1166 
 
Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Period, such €STR Reference Rate shall 
the lesser of such rate and the relevant Daily Capped Rate and/or the greater 
of such rate and the relevant Daily Floored Rate;  
"€STR Reference Rate Cut-off Date" means the date that is the number of 
T2 Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or if none is 
specified, the second T2 Business Day) prior to the Maturity Date or the 
redemption date, as applicable; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant T2 Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first T2 Business Day (where "€STR OIS Compounding" or "€STR 
Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the applicable Issue Terms) in the relevant Interest Period or (where "€STR 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the €STR Observation 
Period; 
"ni" for any T2 Business Day "i", means the number of calendar days from 
and including, such T2 Business Day up to, but excluding, the following T2 
Business Day ("i+1");  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of T2 Business Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of T2 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; and 
"Relevant €STR Level" means: 
(i) 
where "€STR OIS Compounding" is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of any T2 Business 
Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, the €STR Reference Rate for 
such day, PROVIDED THAT, for the purposes of calculating the 
€STR Floating Rate for the final Interest Period, the €STR Reference 
Rate for each T2 Business Day in the period from (and including) the 
€STR Reference Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the €STR 
Reference Rate for such €STR Reference Rate Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
where "€STR Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, (save as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any T2 Business 
Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the €STR Reference 
Rate for the T2 Business Day falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to 
such day; or 
(iii) 
where "€STR Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) €STRi, where 
€STRi is, in respect of any T2 Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period, the €STR Reference Rate for such day. 
(ii) 
Non-availability 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments), the following provisions (the "€STR Fallback 
Provisions") will apply if €STR in respect of any T2 Business Day (the 
"Relevant T2 Business Day") is not published on the relevant Page or by 
another authorised distributor, and is not otherwise provided by the 
administrator of €STR, by either (A) the immediately following T2 Business

--- Page 1193 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1167 
 
Day (or any amended publication day for €STR as specified by the 
administrator of €STR in the €STR benchmark methodology) or (B) such 
other date and time on which €STR for the Relevant T2 Business Day is 
required for the purpose of any determination pursuant to the Conditions. In 
such circumstances and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Conditions, €STR for the Relevant T2 Business Day shall be deemed to be 
the rate equal to the last provided or published level for €STR as at the T2 
Business Day on which €STR was originally required. 
(iii) 
Amendment of €STR Methodology 
In the event that the administrator of €STR amends the methodology of €STR 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the 
relevant rate), the Relevant Agent may but shall not be required to make any 
related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for 
in this Condition (including, without limitation, any technical, administrative 
or operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates) 
that the Relevant Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Relevant Agent decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Relevant Agent determines that no appropriate market 
practice exists, in such other manner as the Relevant Agent determines is 
reasonably necessary). 
(f) 
SARON Floating Rate Determination 
(i) 
Compounded Daily SARON 
Where SARON Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be 
determined, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be 
Compounded Daily SARON (the "SARON Floating Rate") as determined 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (if any is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SARON Floating Rate) the 
Margin (if any) and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SARON Floating 
Rate). 
"Compounded Daily SARON" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Swiss average 
rate overnight (SARON) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as follows (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards, or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention in the derivatives market) : 
[∏
(1 + Relevant SARON Level x
ni
360) −1
d0
i=1
] ×
360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where "SARON OIS 
Compounding" or "SARON Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest 
Period or (where in the applicable Issue Terms "SARON Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift" is specified as the Compounding Method) the 
relevant SARON Observation Period;  
"d0" means, (where "SARON OIS Compounding" or "SARON Compounding 
with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable

--- Page 1194 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1168 
 
Issue Terms) in respect of any Interest Period, the number of Zurich Banking 
Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where "SARON Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift" is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any SARON Observation Period, the 
number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant Zurich Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first Zurich Banking Day (where "SARON OIS Compounding" or "SARON 
Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the applicable Issue Terms) in the relevant Interest Period or (where "SARON 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the SARON 
Observation Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from 
and including, such Zurich Banking Day up to, but excluding, the following 
Zurich Banking Day ("i+1");  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of Zurich Banking 
Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of 
Zurich Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant SARON Level" means: 
(i) 
where "SARON OIS Compounding" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of 
any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, the 
SARON Reference Rate for such day, PROVIDED THAT, for the 
purposes of calculating the SARON Floating Rate for the final 
Interest Period, the SARON Reference Rate for each Zurich Banking 
Day in the period from (and including) the SARON Reference Rate 
Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption 
date, as applicable, shall be the SARON Reference Rate for such 
SARON Reference Rate Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
where "SARON Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, (save as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any Zurich 
Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SARON 
Reference Rate for the Zurich Banking Day falling "p" Zurich 
Banking Days prior to such day; or 
(iii) 
where "SARON Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) SARONi, where 
SARONi is, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant SARON Observation Period, the SARON Reference Rate 
for such day; 
"SARON Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" Zurich Banking Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding the date falling "p" 
Zurich Banking Days preceding the Final Interest Period End Date in respect 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
"SARON Reference Rate", in respect of any Zurich Banking Day "i" and 
subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(g)

--- Page 1195 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1169 
 
(Corrections in respect of compounded rates and indices), is a reference rate 
equal to the Swiss average rate overnight ("SARON") rate for such day "i" as 
provided by the SIX Index AG, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the relevant Page or, if the Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by the administrator of SARON or such authorised distributors, in 
each case, at or after 6:00 p.m. (Zurich time) (or any amended publication 
time as specified by the administrator of SARON in the SARON benchmark 
methodology) on the same Zurich Banking Day PROVIDED THAT, where a 
Daily Capped Rate and/or a Daily Floored Rate is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Period, such SARON Reference Rate 
shall the lesser of such rate and the relevant Daily Capped Rate and/or the 
greater of such rate and the relevant Daily Floored Rate, as applicable; and 
"SARON Reference Rate Cut-off Date" means the date that is the number 
of Zurich Banking Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or if none is 
specified, the second Zurich Banking Day) prior to the Maturity Date or the 
redemption date, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Non-availability 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments), the following provisions (the "SARON 
Fallback Provisions") will apply if SARON in respect of any Zurich Banking 
Day (the "Relevant Zurich Banking Day") is not published on the relevant 
Page or by another authorised distributor, and is not otherwise provided by 
the administrator of SARON, by either (A) that Zurich Banking Day (or any 
amended publication day for SARON as specified by the administrator of 
SARON in the SARON benchmark methodology) or (B) such other date and 
time on which SARON for the Relevant Zurich Banking Day is required for 
the purpose of any determination pursuant to the Conditions. In such 
circumstances and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, 
SARON for the Relevant Zurich Banking Day shall be deemed to be equal to 
the last provided or published level for SARON as at the Zurich Banking Day 
on which SARON was originally required. 
(iii) 
Amendment of SARON Methodology 
In the event that the administrator of SARON amends the methodology of 
SARON (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of 
publication of the relevant rate), the Relevant Agent may but shall not be 
required to make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not 
otherwise provided for in this Condition (including, without limitation, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and 
frequency of determining rates) that the Relevant Agent determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Relevant Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Relevant Agent determines 
that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the 
Relevant Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
(g) 
Corrections in respect of compounded rates and indices 
In the event that any SONIA rate, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR Reference Rate, 
SOFR Index value, €STR Reference Rate or SARON Reference Rate is subsequently 
corrected, and the correction (the "Corrected Rate") is published after the original 
publication but no later than the longer of (a) one hour after such original publication 
and (b) any other period for corrections specified by a relevant administrator in its 
methodology for the relevant rate or index, then PROVIDED THAT such Corrected 
Rate is published on or prior to the date falling two Business Days prior to the date on 
which a related payment is scheduled to be made under the Securities (the "Relevant

--- Page 1196 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1170 
 
Scheduled Payment Date"), then such Corrected Rate shall be deemed to be the rate 
for the relevant date and the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
shall use such Corrected Rate in determining any relevant amount payable in respect 
of the Securities. Any corrections published after the second Business Day prior to the 
Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining 
the relevant Screen Rate. 
(h) 
Payments in respect of interest on early redemption 
In circumstances where an Early Termination Amount becomes payable in respect of 
any interest bearing Securities in accordance with the Conditions on a date other than 
an Interest Period End Date and (i) separate amounts in respect of accrued interest are 
specified to be payable on early redemption and/or (ii) the Early Termination Amount 
is defined to include an amount of accrued interest separate from any amounts in 
respect of principal or any option or interest on any option (the "Embedded Accrued 
Interest Amount") and/or (iii) any Early Termination Amount does not include 
amounts in respect of accrued interest, the Issuer shall pay, in lieu of any such separate 
or embedded amounts of interest, an amount on account of the unpaid interest element 
of the Securities being early redeemed (the "Early Termination Interest Amount") 
in addition to the relevant Early Termination Amount. The Early Termination Interest 
Amount shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
where the Interest Rate and/or Interest Amount and/or Embedded Accrued 
Interest Amount applicable to the Interest Payment Date falling immediately 
after the date of early redemption can be determined prior to the relevant date 
of early redemption, the Early Termination Interest Amount shall be 
calculated as the amount of accrued but unpaid interest payable in respect of 
each Calculation Amount determined on the basis of the Conditions, adjusted 
only so that the due date for early redemption is deemed to be the final Interest 
Payment Date, and applying the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or otherwise as the Relevant Agent determines 
appropriate, taking into account the period elapsed since the previous Interest 
Period End Date or (if none) the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
in all other cases, the Early Termination Interest Amount shall be calculated 
as an amount determined by the Relevant Agent as reflecting the fair market 
value of the unpaid interest element of the relevant Calculation Amount (if 
any) less (except in the case of any early redemption pursuant to General 
Condition 11 (Events of Default)) the proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding 
arrangements in respect of the Securities (including, without limitation, any 
options relating to any Underlying hedging the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities) and, for the purposes of determining the fair market value of such 
Calculation Amount for the purposes of General Condition 11 (Events of 
Default), no account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor which, in each case, shall be 
presumed to be able to perform fully their respective obligations in respect of 
the Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no such Early Termination Interest Amount which is 
contingent upon any event shall be payable in respect of the Securities, unless all the 
relevant events have been satisfied. 
4.3 
Interest on CMS Rate Securities 
(a) 
Interest Amount 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the CMS Rate Securities Provisions to be 
applicable to the Securities or are otherwise deemed to apply as provided under the 
terms of this Valuation and Settlement Schedule ("CMS Rate Securities"), the

--- Page 1197 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1171 
 
definitions and provisions of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3 (the "CMS 
Rate Securities Provisions") shall apply. 
Each CMS Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the relevant Interest 
Commencement Date and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise provided 
in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, the relevant Interest Amount determined 
in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (General provisions 
relating to interest) will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date(s) to which 
the CMS Rate Securities Provisions apply as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In respect of an Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Ending Interest Period 
End Date, such Interest Amount(s) will be payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
on or about such Ending Interest Period End Date. 
The Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to 
which the CMS Rate Securities Provisions apply, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms will be equal to the CMS Interest Rate. 
The interest (if any) payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the 
Securities if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is 
specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date. 
If an Interest Rate or a Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day (including 
any Interest Payment Date) is specified in any other Condition or in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be a "CMS Interest Rate", the relevant Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
will be determined in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3 
(Interest on CMS Rate Securities). 
A different CMS Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or 
Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Single CMS Interest Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Single CMS 
Interest Rate", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant 
day will be equal to the CMS Reference Rate, plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
in relation to such CMS Reference Rate), and multiplied by the Interest Participation 
Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS 
Reference Rate), all as determined by the Relevant Agent. 
(c) 
Worse of CMS Interest Rates 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Worse of 
CMS Interest Rates", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any 
relevant day will be equal to the lesser of: (1) CMS Reference Rate 1 plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 1 (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), and multiplied by Interest 
Participation Rate 1 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such 
CMS Reference Rate 1), and (2) CMS Reference Rate 2, plus or minus (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2), and multiplied by Interest Participation 
Rate 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS 
Reference Rate 2). Where (1) and (2) are the same value, then such value will be the 
relevant CMS Interest Rate. 
(d) 
CMS Spread Interest Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "CMS Spread 
Interest Rate", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant

--- Page 1198 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1172 
 
day will be equal to the difference between (1) CMS Reference Rate 1, plus or minus 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 1 (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), and multiplied by 
Interest Participation Rate 1 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to such CMS Reference Rate 1), minus (2) CMS Reference Rate 2, plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 2 (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2), and multiplied by Interest 
Participation Rate 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such 
CMS Reference Rate 2). 
(e) 
CMS Reference Rate Fallback Provisions 
In respect of a CMS Reference Rate and the Relevant Swap Rate (used to determine 
such CMS Reference Rate), subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
10 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), if a Page for such Relevant Swap Rate is 
not available or the Relevant Swap Rate does not appear on the Page or the Relevant 
Swap Rate is not provided or published by the relevant administrator and/or a relevant 
authorised distributor or a component of the Relevant Swap Rate is not provided or 
published, in each case as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, the Relevant Swap Rate shall be determined by the 
Relevant Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard 
to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available 
and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance of doubt and without 
limitation, the Relevant Agent may determine the Relevant Swap Rate by reference to 
one of the following: 
(i) 
the Relevant Swap Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where 
applicable) published on the relevant Interest Determination Date on a 
different screen page by another authorised distributor of the relevant rate; 
(ii) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the Relevant 
Swap Rate or the supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed 
or convened by any such entity) responsible for supervising the Relevant 
Swap Rate or the administrator thereof; or  
(iii) 
the Relevant Swap Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where 
applicable) last provided or published by the relevant administrator; or  
(iv) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the 
Relevant Agent on a date determined by the Relevant Agent for a 
representative amount (and, where relevant, with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market) and, if applicable, for a term equal to the 
designated maturity, calculated in the manner determined by the Relevant 
Agent. 
In the event that the administrator of a Relevant Swap Rate amends the methodology 
of such Relevant Swap Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of 
publication of the relevant rate), the Relevant Agent may but shall not be required to 
make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided 
for in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3(e) (including, without limitation, 
any technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and frequency 
of determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the definition of 
designated maturity (where applicable)) that the Relevant Agent determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Relevant Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Relevant Agent determines that no appropriate 
market practice exists, in such other manner as the Relevant Agent determines is 
reasonably necessary).

--- Page 1199 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1173 
 
In the event that the Relevant Swap Rate is subsequently corrected, and the correction 
(the "Corrected Rate") is published after the original publication but no later than the 
longer of (a) one hour after such original publication and (b) any other period for 
corrections specified by a relevant administrator in its methodology for the Relevant 
Swap Rate, then PROVIDED THAT such Corrected Rate is published on or prior to 
the date falling two Business Days prior to the date on which a related payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment 
Date")), then such Corrected Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant Relevant Swap 
Rate and the Relevant Agent shall use such Corrected Rate in determining any relevant 
amount payable in respect of the Securities. Any corrections published after the second 
Business Day prior to the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for 
the purposes of determining the Relevant Swap Rate. 
If the Relevant Swap Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as provided 
above, the Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent and the Issuer of 
any such Relevant Swap Rate so determined as soon as reasonably practicable, but in 
any event, prior to the date on which any relevant amount is to be determined. 
The Relevant Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or 
the CGMFL Guarantor or to any third party as a result of the Relevant Agent having 
acted on any quotation given by any reference bank. 
(f) 
Additional Definitions Relating to CMS Rate Securities 
The following terms shall have the meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities) shall 
have the meanings given to such terms in the Conditions): 
"CMS Interest Rate" means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or any 
relevant day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities). 
"CMS Rate Securities" means Securities specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
"CMS Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day, 
the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which 
appears on the Page as at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, as determined by the Relevant Agent. 
"CMS Reference Rate 1" means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference Currency", 
"Designated Maturity", "Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest Determination Date" 
and any other relevant term will each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under 
the heading "CMS Reference Rate 1". 
"CMS Reference Rate 2" means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference Currency", 
"Designated Maturity", "Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest Determination Date" 
and any other relevant term will each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under 
the heading "CMS Reference Rate 2". 
"Interest Participation Rate 1" means, in respect of CMS Reference Rate 1, an 
Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
corresponding to CMS Reference Rate 1. 
"Interest Participation Rate 2" means, in respect of CMS Reference Rate 2, an 
Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
corresponding to CMS Reference Rate 2. 
"Margin 1" means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1200 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1174 
 
"Margin 2" means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Currency" means, in the case of a determination of a CMS Reference 
Rate, the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to 
such CMS Reference Rate. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means, if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(i) 
"EUR Swap Rate", the fixed rate under an annual interest rate swap for euro 
swap transactions with a floating leg of euro EURIBOR and for a period of 
the Designated Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant 
administrator; 
(ii) 
"GBP Swap Rate", the fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
for Sterling swap transactions with a floating leg of compounded SONIA and 
for a period of the Designated Maturity (where applicable) provided by the 
relevant administrator; 
(iii) 
"JPY 10:00 Swap Rate", the 10:00 fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap for Yen swap transactions with a floating leg of 
compounded TONA (being the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate, known as 
TONA) and for a period of the Designated Maturity (where applicable) 
provided by the relevant administrator; 
(iv) 
"JPY 15:00 Swap Rate", the 15:00 fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap for Yen swap transactions with a floating leg of 
compounded TONA (being the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate, known as 
TONA) and for a period of the Designated Maturity (where applicable) 
provided by the relevant administrator; 
(v) 
"USD SOFR Swap Rate", the fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating interest 
rate swap for U.S. dollar swap transactions with a floating leg of compounded 
SOFR and for a period of the Designated Maturity (where applicable) 
provided by the relevant administrator; and 
(vi) 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate", the mid-market swap rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with standard market practice. 
"Relevant Time" means, for the purposes of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, 
the time in the place specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to 
such CMS Reference Rate. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
4.4 
Forward Rate Securities 
If a Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Forward Rate, the 
"Forward Rate" for an Interest Period will be determined by the Relevant Agent by requesting 
each of the Forward Rate Reference Banks to provide the Relevant Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Implied Forward Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If five of the 
Forward Rate Reference Banks provide the Relevant Agent with offered quotations, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Relevant Agent and the Forward Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided below) of such offered quotations.  
If four or three of the Forward Rate Reference Banks provide the Relevant Agent with offered 
quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Forward Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations for the Forward Rate. If fewer than 
three Forward Rate Reference Banks provide the Relevant Agent with offered quotations, the

--- Page 1201 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1175 
 
Forward Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined by the Relevant 
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, having regard to comparable 
benchmarks then available. 
The Relevant Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor or to any third party as a result of the Relevant Agent having acted on any quotation 
given by any Reference Bank. 
"Forward Rate Reference Banks" means the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre 
of five major banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case 
selected by the Relevant Agent or as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Implied Forward Rate" means, at any time, the implied forward rate representing the then 
current expectations of the future interest rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
4.5 
General provisions relating to interest 
(a) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
(i) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates 
If a Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate (or both) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms for an Interest Rate in respect of an Interest 
Period and/or any relevant day (including any Interest Payment Date), then if 
the Interest Rate for such Interest Period and/or such day calculated in 
accordance with the other terms of this Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
would otherwise be (1) greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Interest 
Rate shall be such Maximum Interest Rate, or (2) less than such Minimum 
Interest Rate, the Interest Rate shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Interest 
Rate shall be deemed to be zero.  
If the Securities are New York Law Securities and the aggregate principal 
amount (or in respect of Certificates, the aggregate of the Calculation 
Amounts in respect of the Certificates) of the relevant Tranche is less than 
U.S.$2,500,000 (or equivalent), in addition to any Maximum Interest Rate as 
provided above, where the Interest Rate is other than a fixed rate of interest, 
the Interest Rate will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted 
by applicable law. 
(ii) 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
If a Maximum Reference Rate or Minimum Reference Rate (or both) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms for a Reference Rate in respect of an 
Interest Period and/or any relevant day (including any Interest Payment Date), 
then if the Reference Rate for such Interest Period and/or such day calculated 
in accordance with the other terms of this Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
would otherwise be (1) greater than such Maximum Reference Rate, the 
Reference Rate shall be such Maximum Reference Rate, or (2) less than such 
Minimum Reference Rate, the Interest Rate shall be such Minimum 
Reference Rate.  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum 
Reference Rate in respect of any Reference Rate for an Interest Period or any 
relevant day (as applicable) shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the Securities are New York Law Securities and the aggregate principal 
amount (or in respect of Certificates, the aggregate of the Calculation 
Amounts in respect of the Certificates) of the relevant Tranche is less than 
U.S.$2,500,000 (or equivalent), in addition to any Maximum Reference Rate 
as provided above, where the Interest Rate is other than a fixed rate of interest,

--- Page 1202 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1176 
 
the Interest Rate will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted 
by applicable law. 
(b) 
Calculations – Notes 
In the case where the Securities are Notes, the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Securities or 
the CMS Rate Securities, as the case may be, for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the relevant Interest Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities or CMS Rate Securities which are 
represented by a Global Security, the aggregate outstanding principal amount 
of the Securities represented by such Global Security; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities or CMS Rate Securities in definitive 
form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and (ii) (a) in respect of Range Accrual Securities, multiplying the product calculated 
in (I) by the Accrual Rate (as described in the definition of Interest Amount in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1 (Interest and Redemption Provisions)) or (b) 
where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7 (Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) 
applies, multiplying the product calculated in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate. The 
resultant figure will be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Security is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Security shall be the product 
of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the 
Securities if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is 
specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date. 
(c) 
Calculation – Certificates  
In the case where the Securities are Certificates, the Calculation Agent will calculate 
the amount of coupon (the "Coupon Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Securities 
or the CMS Rate Securities, as the case may be, for the relevant Coupon Period by 
applying the relevant Coupon Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of the Floating Rate Securities or CMS Rate Securities which are 
represented by a Global Security, the aggregate of the Calculation Amounts 
in respect of the total number of the Securities represented by such Global 
Security; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the Floating Rate Securities or CMS Rate Securities in definitive 
form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and (ii) (a) in respect of Range Accrual Securities, multiplying the product calculated 
in (I) by the Accrual Rate (as described in the definition of Interest Amount in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1 (Interest and Redemption Provisions)) or (b) 
where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7 (Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) 
applies, multiplying the product calculated in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate. The 
resultant figure will be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement

--- Page 1203 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1177 
 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject 
to Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the 
Securities if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is 
specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date. 
(d) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts 
As soon as practicable after each Interest Determination Date or, as applicable, all the 
Interest Determination Dates for the determination of the relevant Interest Rate, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Interest Rate(s) and calculate the relevant Interest 
Amount(s) in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Interest Amount(s) and Interest Rate(s) so determined may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Securities 
become due and payable under General Condition 11 (Events of Default, the Interest 
Rate(s) and interest (if any) payable in respect of the Securities shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.5(d) but no publication of the Interest Rate(s) or the Interest 
Amount(s) so calculated as specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(e) 
(Notification of Interest Rate(s) and Interest Amount(s)) below need be made. 
The Interest Amount(s) payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject 
to Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the 
Securities if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is 
specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date. 
(e) 
Notification of Interest Rate(s) and Interest Amount(s) 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Interest Rate and each Interest Amount (subject 
to Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the 
Securities if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is 
specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the relevant Interest 
Payment Date) for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Securities are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. For the purposes of 
this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business in London.  
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or in the case of CMS Rate Securities) or 
the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period PROVIDED 
HOWEVER THAT if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as

--- Page 1204 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1178 
 
the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at 
such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
4.6 
Spread Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Spread Securities Provisions to be applicable to 
the Securities or such provisions are otherwise deemed to apply as provided under the terms of 
this Valuation and Settlement Schedule ("Spread Securities"), the definitions and provisions 
set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.6 (the "Spread Securities Provisions") 
shall apply. 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Spread Securities 
The Interest Rate (the "Spread Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest Period to 
which the Spread Securities Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) will be the Relevant Spread Rate in respect of such Interest Period, plus or 
minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (Spread Interest Rate) 
(if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by the Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms), all as determined by the Relevant Agent. 
The "Relevant Spread Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be: 
(A) 
if "Option One" applies, an amount equal to (i) one (1), minus (ii) the result 
of Spread Rate 1 minus Spread Rate 2; or 
(B) 
if "No Option One" applies, an amount equal to (i) Spread Rate 1, minus (ii) 
Spread Rate 2; or 
(C) 
if "Spread Cap" applies, an amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Min[(Rate X±Spread Cap Margin);(V%+{Multiplier×[Rate Y-Rate Z]})] 
If any Reference Rate is specified herein or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a 
"Spread Interest Rate", "Relevant Spread Rate" or "Spread Reference Rate", the 
relevant Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with the provisions set out 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.6, as though each reference to "Interest 
Rate" were a reference to "Reference Rate". 
(b) 
Determination of Spread Reference Rate 
The "Spread Reference Rate" shall be the rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, and may be expressed as: 
(A) 
a single Reference Rate; 
(B) 
the sum of two or more Reference Rates (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms); or 
(C) 
Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2. 
A different Spread Reference Rate(s) (and, if applicable, calculated from different 
Reference Rates) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
For the purposes of the Conditions and in particular Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities), 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities) and 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities), the applicable Issue Terms will 
specify whether each Reference Rate is (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest

--- Page 1205 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1179 
 
Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination (or any other 
type of determination) will apply; or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii) or (iii) above is 
specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in 
relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, 
including any Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in 
accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate 
or CMS Interest Rate, in each case, as contained in the Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Rate is determined by reference to the 
relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, all fallback 
provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as applicable, as 
contained in the Conditions shall also apply in relation to the determination of such 
Reference Rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Reference Rate(s) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(d) 
Fixed Rate Securities provisions applicable to Spread Securities 
Each Spread Security will also be a Fixed Rate Security and interest payable on Spread 
Securities will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities), as the case may be, as though the 
applicable Issue Terms specified "Accrual" to be applicable and the Spread Interest 
Rate was a Fixed Interest Rate. Spread Securities will bear interest from (and 
including) the relevant Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined 
in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Securities)) and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as provided in the Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions, such interest (being an "Interest Amount") will be payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date to which the Spread Securities Provisions apply, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In respect of an Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) an Ending Interest Period End Date, the relevant Interest Amount(s) 
will be payable on the Interest Payment Date falling on or about such Ending Interest 
Period End Date. 
(e) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Each Spread Reference Rate, Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 and Spread Rate 3 shall be 
deemed to be a "Reference Rate" for the purposes of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(a) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum 
Reference Rates) . 
(f) 
Additional Definitions Relating to Spread Securities 
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not 
defined in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.6 shall have the meanings given 
to such terms in the Conditions: 
"Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate)" means, in respect of a Relevant 
Spread Rate for an Interest Period, an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant Spread Rate. 
"Margin (Spread Interest Rate)" means, in respect of a Relevant Spread Rate for an 
Interest Period, a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding 
to such Relevant Spread Rate. 
"Min" means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the 
lesser of the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets.

--- Page 1206 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1180 
 
"Multiplier" means an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate X" means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, where the applicable Issue 
Terms provides that such rate is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the 
Securities and the "Spread Cap" formula shall be deemed amended accordingly. 
"Rate Y" means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, where the applicable Issue 
Terms provides that such rate is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the 
Securities and the "Spread Cap" formula shall be deemed amended accordingly. 
"Rate Z" means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, where the applicable Issue 
Terms provides that such rate is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the 
Securities and the "Spread Cap" formula shall be deemed amended accordingly. 
"Reference Rate 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.6(c) (Determination of Reference Rate) above. 
"Reference Rate 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.6(c) (Determination of Reference Rate) above. 
"Spread Cap Margin" means, in respect of a Relevant Spread Rate for an Interest 
Period, the Margin specified as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT if: (i) the Spread Cap Margin 
is a percentage rate per annum preceded by a "+" (plus) sign, the reference to "± Spread 
Cap Margin" in the formula set out in paragraph (C) of the definition of "Relevant 
Spread Rate" above shall be construed as "+ Spread Cap Margin", and (ii) the Spread 
Cap Margin is a percentage rate per annum preceded by a "‒" (minus) sign, the 
reference to "± Spread Cap Margin" in the formula set out in paragraph (C) of the 
definition of "Relevant Spread Rate" above shall be construed as "‒ Spread Cap 
Margin". 
"Spread Rate 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 1 
Margin, and multiplied by any Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Spread Rate 1 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Spread Rate 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 2 
Margin, and multiplied by any Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Spread Rate 2 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Spread Rate 3" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 3 
Margin, and multiplied by any Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1207 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1181 
 
"Spread Rate 3" Margin means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Spread Securities" means Securities specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"V%" means an amount (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
4.7 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities Provisions 
to be applicable to the Securities ("Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities"), the definitions 
and provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7 (the "Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities Provisions") shall apply. A Range Accrual (Expanded) Security will 
have a Fixed Interest Rate, a Floating Interest Rate or a CMS Interest Rate, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Accrual Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate (the "Accrual Interest Rate" for each Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date to which the Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities Provisions apply (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) means a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Min [Max (Lev x {RA Factor – Adj}; RA Floor); RA Cap] 
For the purposes of the above: 
"Accrual Factor" means an amount expressed as a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(days accrued)
(days observed) 
"RA Factor" means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following: 
(i) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual 
Provisions" apply: 
(A) 
where the Accrual Factor is greater than the Protection Level, 100%; 
or 
(B) 
where the Accrual Factor is less than or equal to the Protection Level, 
the Accrual Factor; or 
(ii) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual 
Provisions" do not apply, the Accrual Factor. 
(b) 
Determination of Accrual Condition 
"Accrual Condition" means (and shall be deemed to be satisfied) on any Interest 
Observation Date if the Reference Observation on such Interest Observation Date is: 
(A) 
if "Greater than the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, greater than the Barrier; 
(B) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference 
in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Barrier; 
(C) 
if "Less than the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, less than the Barrier;

--- Page 1208 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1182 
 
(D) 
if "Less than or equal to the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in 
the applicable Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Barrier; or 
(E) 
if a "Lower Range" and an "Upper Range" are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and: 
(I) 
if the "Lower Range Option" specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
is: 
(1) 
"Greater than the Lower Range", greater than the Lower 
Range; or 
(2) 
"Greater than or equal to the Lower Range", greater than or 
equal to the Lower Range; and 
(II) 
if the "Upper Range Option" specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
is: 
(1) 
"Less than the Upper Range", less than the Upper Range; 
or 
(2) 
"Less than or equal to the Upper Range", less than or equal 
to the Upper Range, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant 
Interest Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
(c) 
Determination of Reference Observation 
The "Reference Observation" shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
may be expressed as: 
(i) 
Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2; or 
(ii) 
the sum of each Reference Rate 1 minus the sum of each Reference Rate 2; 
or 
(iii) 
one Reference Rate or a basket of two or more Reference Rates; or 
(iv) 
the Underlying Closing Level of the specified FX Rate, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to or in respect of 
the relevant Interest Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
If the Reference Observation is specified as a basket of two or more Reference Rates, 
then a "Reference Observation" on any Interest Observation Date shall be construed 
as: 
(i) 
if "Any" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "any Reference Rate" or 
(ii) 
if "All" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "each of the Reference 
Rates", 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant 
Interest Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
(d) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
For the purposes of the Conditions and in particular Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities), 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities) and 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities) and 4.6 (Spread Securities), 
Reference Rate 1 and Reference Rate 2 are each a "Reference Rate" and the applicable 
Issue Terms will specify whether each Reference Rate is: (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii)

--- Page 1209 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1183 
 
a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) a 
Relevant Spread Rate or (vi) a Spread Reference Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or 
(vi) above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms 
will specify in relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such 
Reference Rate, including any Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any  Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, in each case in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed Interest Rate, 
Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread Rate 
or Spread Reference Rate, in each case as contained in the Conditions. 
Where a Reference Rate is a Floating Interest Rate determined by reference to ISDA 
Determination, the Reset Date for each Interest Observation Date shall be deemed to 
be such Interest Observation Date and the Reference Rate for a Reset Date shall be the 
rate which appears or is published, offered or otherwise determined on such Reset Date 
(subject as provided in Underlying Schedule 12 (Rate Conditions)) and, accordingly, 
all references in any Floating Rate Option to the contrary, including any reference to 
the rate on the Fixing Day or any day other than that Reset Date shall be construed 
accordingly. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, such rate shall be a "Rate" for the purposes of the 
Conditions and in particular Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 (Underlying 
Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for Securities other than Underlying 
Linked Securities) and Underlying Schedule 12 (Rate Conditions). For the avoidance 
of doubt, where a Reference Rate is to be determined by reference to the relevant 
provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, all fallback provisions 
relating to a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as applicable, as contained in 
the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, shall also apply in relation to the 
determination of such Reference Rate, as applicable. In relation to each FX Rate, such 
rate shall be a "FX Rate" for the purposes of the Conditions and in particular 2 
(Underlying Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for Securities other than 
Underlying Linked Securities) and Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions), the 
applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such FX Rate, all the relevant terms 
for such FX Rate, including each Valuation Date and any terms required for the 
purposes of the FX Rate Conditions, in each case, as contained in the Conditions.  
A different Reference Rate and/or different Reference Observations may apply in 
respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range 
(A) 
Barrier 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Barrier may apply to specified 
Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates only and may vary between 
different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, all as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(B) 
Lower Range and/or Upper Range 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Lower Range and/or Upper 
Range may apply to specified Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates 
only and may vary between different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment 
Dates, all as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(C) 
Interest Observation Date 
In respect of an Interest Period, any Reference Observation and each Accrual 
Day falling during such Interest Period, the relevant "Interest Observation

--- Page 1210 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1184 
 
Date" shall be such Accrual Day or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Observation Date or is a Reference Observation Disrupted Day, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Observation Date for such Reference 
Observation which is not a Reference Observation Disrupted Day for such 
Reference Observation, PROVIDED THAT the Interest Observation Date for 
each Accrual Day from (and including) the Accrual Cut-Off Date to but 
(excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest 
Period shall be the Interest Observation Date for the Accrual Cut-Off Date. 
Each such Interest Observation Date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date 
for the purposes of Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions). 
An Interest Observation Date for one Accrual Day may therefore fall on the 
same day as the Interest Observation Date for another Accrual Day. 
(f) 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate applicable to each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to 
which the Range Accrual Securities Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) will be specified in applicable Issue Terms, and may be specified as any 
of the following (i) Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) Floating Interest Rate, (iii) CMS Interest 
Rate or (iv) Synthetic Forward Interest Rate. 
A different Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest 
Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities bear interest from (and including) the relevant 
Interest Commencement Date and, where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as 
otherwise provided in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, the relevant Interest 
Amount (determined as provided below), will be payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date to which the Range Accrual Securities Provisions apply, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. In respect of an Interest Period ending on (but excluding) 
an Ending Interest Period End Date, such interest will be payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on or about such Ending Interest Period End Date. 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Securities provisions applicable to Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities 
Each Range Accrual (Expanded) Security for which the Interest Rate is a 
Fixed Interest Rate will also be a Fixed Rate Security and interest will be 
determined and calculated as provided in 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Securities) as though the applicable Issue Terms specified "Accrual" to be 
applicable. 
(B) 
Floating Rate Securities provisions applicable to Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities 
Each Range Accrual (Expanded) Security for which the Interest Rate is a 
Floating Interest Rate will also be a Floating Rate Security and interest will 
be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
(C) 
CMS Rate Securities provisions applicable to Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities 
Each Range Accrual (Expanded) Security for which the Interest Rate is a 
CMS Interest Rate will also be a CMS Rate Security and interest will be 
determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities).

--- Page 1211 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1185 
 
(D) 
Synthetic Forward Rate Securities 
Each Range Accrual (Expanded) Security for which the Interest Rate is a 
Synthetic Forward Interest Rate will also be a Synthetic Forward Rate 
Security and interest will be determined and calculated as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.4 (Forward Rate Securities). 
(g) 
Range Accrual Table 
If a Range Accrual Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date: 
(A) 
the Barrier will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier"; 
(B) 
the Lower Range will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table 
in the column entitled "Lower Range"; 
(C) 
the Upper Range will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table 
in the column entitled "Upper Range"; 
(D) 
the relevant Reference Observation will be specified in the Range Accrual 
Table in the column entitled "Reference Observation" and if the Reference 
Observation is not expressed as a single Reference Rate, any Reference Rate, 
Reference Rate 1 or Reference Rate 2 will be specified in the Reference 
Observation Table in the column entitled "Reference Rate(s)" (or if applicable, 
the columns entitled "Reference Rate 1" and "Reference Rate 2"); 
(E) 
the relevant Interest Rate for such Interest Period will be specified in the 
Range Accrual Table in the column entitled "Interest Rate"; and 
(F) 
the relevant "Lev", "Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and "Protection Level" for 
such Interest Period will be specified in the Range Accrual Table in the 
applicable column, 
in each case, in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest 
Period End Date(s)") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
(h) 
Additional Definitions Relating to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities  
The following terms shall have the meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7 (Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) 
shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Conditions: 
"Accrual Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Accrual Business Day 
Centre specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and if "Accrual Business Day Centre" 
is specified to be or to include: (i) "U.S. Government Securities Business Day", then 
"Accrual Business Day" shall also be any day except a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on 
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (ii) "T2", then "Accrual 
Business Day" shall also be a day on which the T2 is open. 
"Accrual Condition" has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.7(b) (Determination of Accrual Condition). 
"Accrual Condition 1" means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.7(b) (Determination of Accrual Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) 
"Accrual Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 1", (b) "Reference

--- Page 1212 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1186 
 
Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 1", (c) "Barrier" was a 
reference to "Barrier 1", (d) "Lower Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 1", and 
(e) "Upper Range" was a reference to "Upper Range 1". 
"Accrual Condition 2" means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.7(b) (Determination of Accrual Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) 
"Accrual Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 2", (b) "Reference 
Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 2", (c) "Barrier" was a 
reference to "Barrier 2", (d) "Lower Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 2", and 
(e) "Upper Range" was a reference to "Upper Range 2". 
"Accrual Condition 3" means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.7(b) (Determination of Accrual Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) 
"Accrual Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 3", (b) "Reference 
Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 3", (c) "Barrier" was a 
reference to "Barrier 3", (d) "Lower Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 3", and 
(e) "Upper Range" was a reference to "Upper Range 3". 
"Accrual Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the day falling on the 
Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date (or if "Default Accrual Cut-Off Date" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the fifth Accrual Day) immediately preceding the Interest 
Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period. 
"Accrual Days" means calendar days or Business Days specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (each an Accrual Day). 
"Adj" means the adjustment factor specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Adj is Not Applicable, 
Adj shall be zero. 
"Barrier" has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7(e) 
(Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range). 
"Barrier 1" means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7(e) (Barrier, Upper Range 
and Lower Range) and 4.7(g) (Range Accrual Table) to "Barrier" shall be construed  
to include a reference to "Barrier 1". 
"Barrier 2" means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.7(e) (Barrier, Upper Range 
and Lower Range) and 4.7(g) (Range Accrual Table ) to "Barrier" shall be construed to 
include a reference to "Barrier 2". 
"Barrier 3" means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.7(e) (Barrier, Upper Range 
and Lower Range) and 4.7(g) (Range Accrual Table) to "Barrier" shall be construed to 
include a reference to "Barrier 3". 
"days accrued" means: 
(A) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Single Reference Observation" to be 
applicable, the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in 
respect of which the Accrual Condition is satisfied on the related Interest 
Observation Date; 
(B) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dual Reference Observation" to be 
applicable, the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in 
respect of which Accrual Condition 1 and Accrual Condition 2 are both 
satisfied on the related Interest Observation Date; and

--- Page 1213 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1187 
 
(C) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Triple Reference Observation" to be 
applicable, the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in 
respect of which Accrual Condition 1, Accrual Condition 2 and Accrual 
Condition 3 are all satisfied on the related Interest Observation Date. 
"days observed" means the actual number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest 
Period. 
"Interest Observation Date" has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range). 
"Lev" means the leverage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED 
THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Lev is Not Applicable, Lev shall be 
100 per cent. 
"Lower Range" has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7(e) 
(Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range). 
"Lower Range 1" means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.7(e) (Barrier, 
Upper Range and Lower Range) and 4.7(g) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Lower 
Range" shall be construed to include a reference to "Lower Range 1". 
"Lower Range 2" means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.7(e) (Barrier, 
Upper Range and Lower Range) and 4.7(g) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Lower 
Range" shall be construed to include a reference to "Lower Range 2". 
"Lower Range 3" means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.7(e) (Barrier, 
Upper Range and Lower Range) and 4.7(g) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Lower 
Range" shall be construed as a reference to "Lower Range 3". 
"Max" means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the 
greater of the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the 
lesser of the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"RA Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the RA Cap is Not 
Applicable, the RA Cap shall be infinity. 
"RA Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the RA Floor is Not 
Applicable, the RA Floor shall be zero. 
"Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities" means Securities specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Range Accrual Table" means the table specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Reference Observation" has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7(c) (Determination of Reference Observation) above. 
"Reference Observation 1" means the Reference Observation specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7(c) (Determination of Reference Observation) as though each reference 
therein to "Reference Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 1".

--- Page 1214 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1188 
 
"Reference Observation 2" means the Reference Observation specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7(c) (Determination of Reference Observation) above as though each 
reference therein to "Reference Observation" was a reference to "Reference 
Observation 2". 
"Reference Observation 3" means the Reference Observation specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7(c) (Determination of Reference Observation) above as though each 
reference therein to "Reference Observation" was a reference to "Reference 
Observation 3". 
"Reference Observation Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Reference 
Observation: 
(i) 
where the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of one or more 
Reference Rates, a Disrupted Day (as defined in Rate Condition 3) for any of 
the Reference Rates comprising such Reference Observation; and 
(ii) 
where the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of an FX Rate, a 
Disrupted Day (as defined in FX Rate Condition 3). 
"Reference Observation Table" means the table specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Observation Date" means, in respect of a Reference Observation:  
(i) 
where the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of one or more 
Reference Rates, a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in Rate Condition 1) 
for all the Reference Rates comprising such Reference Observation; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of an FX Rate, a 
Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in FX Rate Condition 1). 
"Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date" means such number of calendar days or Accrual 
Business Days as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Upper Range" has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7(e) 
(Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range). 
"Upper Range 1" means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.7(e) (Barrier, 
Upper Range and Lower Range) and 4.7(g) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Upper 
Range" shall be construed to include a reference to "Upper Range 1". 
"Upper Range 2" means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.7(e) (Barrier, 
Upper Range and Lower Range) and 4.7(g) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Upper 
Range" shall be construed to include a reference to "Upper Range 2". 
"Upper Range 3" means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.7(e) )Barrier, 
Upper Range and Lower Range) and 4.7(g) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Upper 
Range" shall be construed to include a reference to "Upper Range 3". 
4.8 
Buy the Dip Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Buy the Dip Securities Provisions to be applicable 
to the Securities ("Buy the Dip Securities"), the definitions and provisions set out in this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.8 (the "Buy the Dip Securities Provisions") shall apply.

--- Page 1215 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1189 
 
(a) 
Interest Amount in respect of Buy the Dip Securities 
Where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Amount in respect of an Interest Payment Date 
shall be an amount determined in respect of each Security by reference to: 
Calculation Amount  ×  (𝐶𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑎𝑠ℎ 𝐴𝑐𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑎𝑙 –  𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑣𝑖𝑜𝑢𝑠 𝐶𝑎𝑠ℎ 𝐴𝑐𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑎𝑙) 
(b) 
Definitions 
"Cash Accrual" means, in respect of: 
(i) 
the Observation Day(0), zero (0); or 
(ii) 
any Observation Day(t) falling after the Observation Day(0), a percentage 
(expressed as a decimal) calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula:  
Cash Accrual(t −1) + (Coupon Rate ×
1
Day Count × Cash Participation(t −1)) 
"Cash Accrual(t – 1)" means, in respect of any Observation Day(t) falling after the 
Observation Day(0), the Cash Accrual(t) in respect of the Observation Day 
immediately preceding Observation Day(t). 
"Cash Participation(Final)" means the Cash Participation(t) in respect of the 
Observation Day(t) falling on (or, if the Cash Participation(Final) Date is not an 
Observation Day, immediately preceding) the Cash Participation(Final) Date. 
"Cash Participation(Final) Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the Observation Day(Final). 
"Cash Participation(t)" means:  
(i) 
in respect of the Observation Day(0), the Initial Cash Participation; and  
(ii) 
in respect of any Observation Day(t) falling after the Observation Day(0): 
(A) 
if no Trigger Event Date has occurred on or prior to such 
Observation Day(t), the Initial Cash Participation; 
(B) 
if any Trigger Event Date has occurred on or prior to such 
Observation Day(t), an amount determined to be (1) the Initial Cash 
Participation, minus (2) the sum of each Equity Allocation(i) in 
respect of each Trigger Event Date and the relevant Trigger Event(i) 
relating to such Trigger Event Date that has occurred on or prior to 
such Observation Day(t).  
"Cash Participation(t – 1)"  means, in respect of any Observation Day(t) falling after 
the Observation Day(0), the Cash Participation(t) in respect of the Observation Day 
immediately preceding Observation Day(t). 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the percentage rate 
specified for such Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Current Cash Accrual" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date and the 
Interest Valuation Date relating to such Interest Payment Date, the Cash Accrual in 
respect of the Observation Day falling on (or, if the related Interest Valuation Date is 
not an Observation Day, most recently preceding) the related Interest Valuation Date.  
"Day Count", in respect of Observation Day(t), means the number of Observation 
Days falling in the Day Count Period in which such Observation Day(t) falls.

--- Page 1216 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1190 
 
"Day Count Period" means the period commencing from (but excluding) the 
Observation Day(0) to (and including) the first Interest Valuation Date and each 
successive period beginning on (but excluding) an Interest Valuation Date and ending 
on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Valuation Date (or, in the case of the 
final Day Count Period, the Day Count Period Final End Date) or the relevant payment 
date if the Securities are redeemed early other than on a scheduled date for redemption. 
"Day Count Period Final End Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the Observation Day(Final). 
"Equity Allocation(i)" means, in respect of a Trigger Event(i), the percentage as set 
out under the heading "Equity Allocation(i)" in the row corresponding to the relevant 
"i" in the table in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Equity Invested Allocation(0)" or "Initial Equity Invested Allocation" means an 
amount (expressed as a decimal) determined to be the Initial Equity Participation 
divided by the Initial Level, expressed as a formula:  
Initial Equity Participation
Initial Level
 
rounded down to the nearest whole percentage number. 
"Equity Invested Allocation(i)" means, in respect of each Trigger Event Date that has 
occurred on or prior to the Observation Day(Final) and the relevant Trigger Event(i) 
relating to such Trigger Event Date, an amount determined to be the relevant Equity 
Allocation(i) divided by the relevant Trigger Level(i), expressed as a formula:  
Equity Allocation(i)
Trigger Level(i)  
in each case, rounded down to the nearest whole percentage number. 
"Final Equity Allocation" means:  
(i) 
if, on or prior to the Observation Day(Final), any Trigger Event Date and the 
related Trigger Event(i) has occurred, an amount determined to be the Equity 
Invested Allocation(0) plus the sum of the Equity Invested Allocation(i) in 
respect of each such Trigger Event(i) (where i = 1…x) that has occurred, 
expressed as a formula: 
Equity Invested Allocation(0) + ∑Equity Invested Allocation(i)
x
i=1
 
Where: 
"x" means the total number of Trigger Event Dates that have occurred on or 
prior to the [Observation Day(Final)]. 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Equity Invested Allocation(0).  
"Final Level" means the Final Reference Level of the Underlying on the Final 
Valuation Date. 
"i" means the unique integer from 1 to N (where i = 1…N) each denoting a Trigger 
Event and a Trigger Level as set out in the row corresponding to the relevant "i" in the 
table in the applicable Issue Terms. For such purposes, "N" means the highest number 
specified under the heading "i" in the table in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Initial Cash Participation" means the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (expressed as a decimal).

--- Page 1217 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1191 
 
"Initial Equity Participation" means the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (expressed as a decimal). 
"Initial Level" means the Redemption Initial Level of the Underlying on the 
Redemption Strike Date. 
"Interest Adjustment" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the amount 
(which may be either positive or negative) specified in the applicable Table under the 
heading Interest Adjustment in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT if 
"Barrier Event Applicable" is specified in the Table in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of Interest Adjustment, the Interest Adjustment will be the Barrier Event 
Satisfied Interest Adjustment if a Barrier Event has occurred or the Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied Interest Adjustment, if a Barrier Event has not occurred. 
"Interest Participation Rate" or "IPR" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date 
or Interest Valuation Date in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the percentage rate 
specified for such Interest Payment Date under the heading "IPR" in the Table set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Interest Valuation Date" has the meaning given to such term in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1.1 (Definitions), PROVIDED THAT Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) and 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall not apply to each such day. 
"Observation Day" means each Scheduled Trading Day for the Underlying during the 
period commencing from (and including) the Observation Day(0) to (and including) 
the Observation Day(Final). Each Observation Day shall be deemed to be a Valuation 
Date for the purposes of the Conditions, PROVIDED THAT Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) and 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall not apply to each such day.  
"Observation Day(0)" means the Redemption Strike Date. 
"Observation Day(Final)" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the final Interest Valuation Date.  
"Observation Day(t)" means the relevant Observation Day.  
"Previous Cash Accrual" means, in respect of: 
(i) 
the first Interest Payment Date, zero; or 
(ii) 
each Interest Payment Date thereafter (such Interest Payment Date, the 
"Current IPD"), the Cash Accrual in respect of the Observation Day falling 
on (or, if the Previous Interest Valuation Date is not an Observation Day, 
immediately preceding) the Interest Valuation Date relating to the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Current IPD (the "Previous 
Interest Valuation Date"). 
"Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Buy the Dip Security, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined to be the product of (i) the Calculation Amount 
and (ii) the sum of (A) the Final Equity Allocation multiplied by the Final Level and 
(B) the Cash Participation(Final), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [(Final Equity Allocation × Final Level) + Cash Participation(Final)] 
"Trigger Event" means any Trigger Event(i).

--- Page 1218 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1192 
 
"Trigger Event Date" means, in respect of a Trigger Event(i), the first Observation 
Day in respect of which such Trigger Event(i) first occurs. For the avoidance of doubt, 
there shall only be one Trigger Event Date in respect of any Trigger Event(i). 
"Trigger Event(i)" means (and a Trigger Event(i) shall be deemed to have occurred), 
the Underlying Closing Level of the Underlying on any Observation Day for the 
Underlying satisfies the Trigger Level(i) relating to such Trigger Event(i). For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Trigger Event(i) shall be deemed to occur only once on the first 
such Observation Day on which the Underlying Closing Level of the Underlying first 
satisfies the relevant Trigger Level(i), without taking into account any subsequent days 
on which the relevant Trigger Level(i) may be satisfied.  
As used above, "satisfy" or "satisfies" means that the relevant Underlying Closing 
Level is greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to the relevant Trigger Event(i), the 
relevant Trigger Level(i).  
"Trigger Level(i)" means, in respect of a Trigger Event(i), the percentage of the Initial 
Level or such other level of the Underlying as set out under the heading "Trigger 
Level(i)" in the row corresponding to the relevant "i"in the table in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
"Z" means the percentage specified in the Table in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of the relevant Interest Underlying. 
(c) 
Disrupted Days in respect of Observation Days 
If an Observation Day is a Disrupted Day in respect of the Underlying, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Underlying on such 
Observation Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying Closing Level of the 
Underlying on the first Observation Day prior to such Observation Day that was not a 
Disrupted Day in respect of the Underlying, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
4.9 
Inflation Rate Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Inflation Rate Securities Provisions to be 
applicable to the Securities ("Inflation Rate Securities"), the definitions and provisions set out 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.9 (the "Inflation Rate Securities Provisions") 
shall apply. 
(a) 
Interest Amount in respect of Inflation Rate Securities 
Where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and 
the applicable Issue Terms, the "Interest Amount" in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date shall be an amount determined in respect of each Security by reference to either: 
(i) 
where an Interest Participation Rate is not specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × ([
UCL Numerator
UCL Denominator −UCL Adjustment] ± Margin) × DCF 
(ii) 
where an Interest Participation Rate is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × ([
UCL Numerator
UCL Denominator −UCL Adjustment] ± Margin) × DCF × IPR 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, that if 
(x) a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date 
in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject 
to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms,

--- Page 1219 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1193 
 
then such Interest Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Interest Amount and a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of 
such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a minimum amount (a 
collar). 
(b) 
Definitions 
"DCF" means the Day Count Fraction (as defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.28 (Definitions) below) and, for which purpose, an Interest Period and 
Interest Period End Date shall be as defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.28 (Definitions) below. 
"Interest Amount Inflation Index" means any Underlying which is an Inflation Index 
and is designated as the Interest Amount Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Margin" means the percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms, which shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) 
sign (PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Margin to be not 
applicable for such Interest Payment Date, it shall be deemed to be equal to zero). 
"UCL Adjustment" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the amount (which 
may be positive, negative or zero) specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"UCL Denominator" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Underlying 
Closing Level of the Interest Amount Inflation Index on (i) the date falling the number 
of calendar months prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and which shall be the month falling 12 months prior to the 
UCL Numerator or (ii) such other date specified as such for such Interest Payment Date 
in the applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation 
Date for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as provided in, the Conditions. 
"UCL Numerator" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Underlying 
Closing Level of the Interest Amount Inflation Index on (i) the date falling the number 
of calendar months prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or (ii) such other date specified as such for such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall be deemed to be a 
Specified Valuation Date for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as provided in, 
the Conditions. 
"Interest Participation Rate" or "IPR" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
the amount or percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date under the 
heading "Interest Participation Rate" in the applicable Issue Terms. 
4.10 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the DIR Inflation Linked Interest Securities 
Provisions to be applicable to the Securities ("DIR Inflation Linked Interest Securities"), the 
definitions and provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.10 (the "DIR 
Inflation Linked Interest Securities Provisions") shall apply. 
(a) 
Interest Amount 
Where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and 
the applicable Issue Terms, the "Interest Amount" in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date shall be an amount determined in respect of each Security by reference to either: 
(i) 
where an Interest Participation Rate is not specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula:

--- Page 1220 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1194 
 
Calculation Amount ×
(the DIR Index Ratio in respect of such Interest Payment Date ±
Margin) × DCF 
(ii) 
where an Interest Participation Rate is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×
(the DIR Index Ratio in respect of such Interest Payment Date ±
Margin) × DCF × IPR 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, that if 
(x) a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum 
amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to 
such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interest Amount and a Minimum 
Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a 
minimum amount (a collar). 
Subject as otherwise provided in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, the relevant 
Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date to which the DIR 
Inflation Linked Interest Securities Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms). In respect of an Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Ending 
Interest Period End Date, the relevant Interest Amount(s) will be payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling on or about such Ending Interest Period End Date. 
(b) 
Definitions 
"DCF" means the Day Count Fraction (as defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.28 (Definitions) below) and, for which purpose, an Interest Period and 
Interest Period End Date shall be as defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.28 (Definitions) below. 
"Base Index Figure" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"DIR Index" means any Underlying which is an Inflation Index and is designated as 
the DIR Index in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Any reference to the "DIR Index Figure" applicable to a particular Interest Payment 
Date shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Index Month A +  
(Day of Interest Payment Date−1)
(Days in month of Interest Payment Date)  X (Index Month B −
Index Month A) 
For which purpose: 
"DIR Index Ratio" applicable to any Interest Payment Date means the DIR Index 
Figure applicable to such date divided by the Base Index Figure. 
"Margin" means the percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms, which shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" minus 
sign (PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Margin to be not 
applicable for such Interest Payment Date, it shall be deemed to be equal to zero). 
"Index Month A" means the Underlying Closing Level of the DIR Index for the month 
that is the number of calendar months prior to the month in which the relevant Interest 
Payment Date falls, such number being as specified under Index Month A in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date 
for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as provided in, the Conditions.

--- Page 1221 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1195 
 
"Index Month B" means the Underlying Closing Level of the DIR Index for the month 
that is the number of calendar months prior to the month in which the relevant Interest 
Payment Date falls, such number being as specified under Index Month B in the 
applicable Issue Terms and which shall be the month falling one month after Index 
Month A. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date for the purpose 
of, and subject to adjustment as provided in, the Conditions. 
"Interest Participation Rate" or "IPR" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
the amount or percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date under the 
heading "Interest Participation Rate" in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of Inflation Rate Securities and DIR Inflation Linked Interest Securities, as 
soon as practicable the Calculation Agent will determine the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amounts so determined may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Securities 
become due and payable under General Condition 11 (Events of Default), the interest 
payable in respect of the Securities shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Valuation Securities and Settlement Condition 4.10 
but no publication of the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any 
stock exchange on which the relevant Inflation Rate Securities or DIR Inflation Linked 
Interest Securities are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for general business in London. 
4.11 
Digital Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Digital Securities Provisions to be applicable to 
the Securities ("Digital Securities"), the definitions and provisions set out in this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.11 (the "Digital Securities Provisions") shall apply. 
(a) 
Digital Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate (the "Digital Interest Rate") for each Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date to which the Digital Securities Provisions apply (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) will either be: 
(i) 
the Back Up Rate; or 
(ii) 
if the Digital Reference Rate as of the Digital Determination Date is: 
(A) 
if "Greater than the Reserve Rate" is specified under Reserve Rate 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than the Reserve 
Rate; 
(B) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Reserve Rate" is specified under 
Reserve Rate Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than 
or equal to the Reserve Rate; 
(C) 
if "Less than the Reserve Rate" is specified under Reserve Rate 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, less than the Reserve Rate; 
or 
(D) 
if "Less than or equal to the Reserve Rate" is specified under Reserve 
Rate Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, less than or equal to 
the Reserve Rate,

--- Page 1222 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1196 
 
the Digital Rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular, Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities), 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities), 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities), 4.6 (Spread Securities) and 
Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions), the Back Up Rate, the Digital Reference 
Rate, the Reserve Rate (including each Specified Rate (as defined below) shall each be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may be: 
(i) 
a "Reference Rate" and the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether such 
Reference Rate is: (A) a Fixed Interest Rate, (B) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination (or any other type 
of determination) will apply, (C) a CMS Interest Rate, (D) a Spread Interest 
Rate, (E) a Relevant Spread Rate, (F) a Spread Reference Rate; or  
(ii) 
the Underlying Closing Level of an FX Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate (including any Back Up Rate, the Digital Reference 
Rate, the Reserve Rate (and/or any Specified Rate) and/or the Digital Rate), depending 
on which one of (A), (B), (C), (D), (E) or (F) above is specified in relation to such 
Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such Reference 
Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including each Interest 
Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Spread Securities 
Provisions, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, in 
each case, in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread Rate or Spread 
Reference Rate (or any combination of the foregoing), in each case, as contained in the 
Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Rate (including any Back Up Rate, the 
Digital Reference Rate, the Reserve Rate (and/or any Specified Rate) and/or the Digital 
Rate) is to be determined by reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest 
Rate or CMS Interest Rate, all fallback provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate 
or CMS Interest Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions, shall also apply in relation to the determination of such Reference Rate, as 
applicable. 
In relation to each FX Rate, such rate shall be a "FX Rate" for the purposes of the 
Conditions and in particular 2 (Underlying Valuation Provisions and Fallback 
Provisions for Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities) and Underlying 
Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions), the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation 
to such FX Rate, all the relevant terms for such FX Rate, including each Digital 
Determination Date (which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions)) and any terms required for the purposes 
of the FX Rate Conditions, in each case, as contained in the Conditions. 
The Reserve Rate may also be the sum of more than one rate (each a Specified Rate) 
or one rate less another rate (each a Specified Rate). 
A different Back Up Rate, Digital Reference Rate, Reserve Rate, Digital Rate and/or 
FX Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Fixed Rate Securities Provisions applicable to Digital Securities 
Each Digital Security will also be a Fixed Rate Security and interest payable on Digital 
Securities will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities) as though the applicable Issue Terms 
specified "Accrual" to be applicable and the Digital Interest Rate was a Fixed Interest 
Rate. Digital Securities will bear interest from (and including) the relevant Interest

--- Page 1223 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1197 
 
Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise provided in the 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such interest (an "Interest Amount") will be 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date to which the Digital Securities 
Provisions apply, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In respect of an Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) an Ending Interest Period End Date, the relevant 
Interest Amount(s) will be payable on the Interest Payment Date falling on or about 
such Ending Interest Period End Date. 
4.12 
Digital Band Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Digital Band Securities Provisions to be 
applicable to the Securities ("Digital Band Securities"), the definitions and provisions set out 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.12 (the "Digital Band Securities Provisions") 
shall apply. 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Digital Band Securities 
The Interest Rate (the "Digital Band Interest Rate") for each Interest Period and/or 
Interest Payment Date to which the Digital Band Securities Provisions apply (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
where "Reference Rate Only" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, by reference to within which band of specified rates (the "Band") set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms, the reference rate (the "Reference Rate") 
specified as applicable for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date 
on the Interest Determination Date specified for such Interest Period and/or 
Interest Determination Date in the applicable Issue Terms, falls; or 
(ii) 
where "Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, by reference to within which band 
of specified rates (the "Band") set out in the applicable Issue Terms, the result 
(the "Result") of the reference rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
"Reference Rate 1" minus the reference rate specified in the applicable issue 
Terms as "Reference Rate 2", in each case as specified as applicable for such 
Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date on the Interest Determination 
Date specified for such Interest Period and/or Interest Determination Date in 
the applicable Issue Terms, falls. 
In each case of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, the Interest Rate in respect of an 
Interest Period will be the rate of interest specified in the applicable Issue Terms (which 
may be a Fixed Interest Rate, a Floating Interest Rate, a CMS Interest Rate or a rate 
equal to Band Rate 1 minus Band Rate 2, and plus or minus a Margin (if any is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such rate)) as the Band Rate for the Band 
in which, in the case of sub-paragraph (i) above, the Reference Rate falls or, in the case 
of sub-paragraph (ii) above, the Result falls. The applicable Issue Terms will specify 
for each Band (each of which will be numerically identified as "Band 1" or "Band 2" 
etc. as necessary) the appropriate Band Rate for the relevant Band. 
(b) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular, 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities), 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities) and Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate 
Conditions), the Reference Rate, Reference Rate 1 and/or Reference Rate 2, as 
applicable, shall each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may be: 
(i) 
a "Reference Rate" and the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether such 
Reference Rate is (A) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination (or any other type of determination) 
will apply; (B) a CMS Interest Rate; or

--- Page 1224 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1198 
 
(ii) 
the Underlying Closing Level of an FX Rate. 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular, 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities) and 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities), the Band Rate, Band Rate One 
and/or Band Rate Two, as applicable, are each a "Reference Rate" and the applicable 
Issue Terms will specify whether such Reference Rate is (A) a Floating Interest Rate 
and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination (or any other type of 
determination) will apply; or (B) a CMS Interest Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate (including any Reference Rate 1, Reference Rate 2, 
Band Rate, Band Rate 1 and/or Band Rate 2, as applicable), depending on which one 
of (A) or (B) above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue 
Terms will specify in relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such 
Reference Rate, including each Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, in each case, in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest 
Rate or CMS Interest Rate, in each case, as contained in the Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Reference Rate (including any Reference Rate 1, 
Reference Rate 2, Band Rate, Band Rate 1 and/or Band Rate 2, as applicable) is to be 
determined by reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS 
Interest Rate, all fallback provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions shall also 
apply in relation to the determination of such Reference Rate(s), as applicable. 
In relation to each FX Rate, such rate shall be a "FX Rate" for the purposes of the 
Conditions and in particular 2 (Underlying Valuation Provisions and Fallback 
Provisions for Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities) and Underlying 
Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions), the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation 
to such FX Rate, all the relevant terms for such FX Rate, including each Interest 
Determination Date (which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions)) and any terms required for the purposes 
of the FX Rate Conditions, in each case, as contained in the Conditions.  
A different Reference Rate, Reference Rate 1, Reference Rate 2 and/or FX Rate, as 
applicable, may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment 
Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In addition, a different Band Rate, 
Band Rate 1 and/or Band Rate 2, as applicable, may apply in respect of different 
Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Fixed Rate Securities Provisions applicable to Digital Band Securities 
Each Digital Band Security for which the Band Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate will also 
be a Fixed Rate Security and interest will be determined and calculated as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities) as though 
the applicable Issue Terms specified "Accrual" to be applicable and the Digital Band 
Interest Rate was a Fixed Interest Rate. Digital Band Securities for which the Band 
Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate will bear interest from (and including) the relevant Interest 
Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined in accordance with paragraph 
4.12(a) above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise provided 
in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such interest (an "Interest Amount") will 
be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date to which the Digital Band Securities 
Provisions apply, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In respect of an Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) an Ending Interest Period End Date, the relevant 
Interest Amount(s) will be payable on the Interest Payment Date falling on or about 
such Ending Interest Period End Date.

--- Page 1225 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1199 
 
(d) 
Floating Rate Securities Provisions or CMS Interest Linked Securities Provisions 
applicable to Digital Band Securities 
Each Digital Band Security for which the Band Rate is a Floating Interest Rate or a 
CMS Interest Rate or determined by reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating 
Interest Rate or a CMS Interest Rate will also be a Floating Rate Security or CMS 
Interest Linked Security (as applicable), and interest will be determined and calculated 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities) or Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate 
Securities), as applicable and in the applicable Issue Terms as though the Band Rate 
was a Floating Interest Rate or a CMS Interest Rate, as applicable. Digital Band 
Securities for which the Band Rate is a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate or 
determined by reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS 
Interest Rate will bear interest from (and including) the relevant Interest 
Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined in accordance with paragraph 
4.12(a) above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise provided 
in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such interest (an "Interest Amount") will 
be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date to which the Digital Band Securities 
Provisions apply, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In respect of an Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) an Ending Interest Period End Date, the relevant 
Interest Amount(s) will be payable on the Interest Payment Date falling on or about 
such Ending Interest Period End Date.  
4.13 
Inverse Floating Rate Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Inverse Floating Rate Securities Provisions to be 
applicable to the Securities ("Inverse Floating Rate Securities"), the definitions and provisions 
set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.13 (the "Inverse Floating Rate Securities 
Provisions") shall apply. 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Inverse Floating Rate Securities 
The Interest Rate (the "Inverse Floating Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest 
Period to which the Inverse Floating Rate Securities Provisions apply (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) will be a fixed interest rate specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (the "Inverse Fixed Rate") minus the Inverse Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (Inverse Floating Interest Rate) (if any specified in the applicable Issue Terms), 
and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (Inverse Floating Interest Rate) (if any 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The "Inverse Reference Rate" means, in respect of each Interest Period, a rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which may be (A) one reference rate 
(a "Specified Rate") or (B) one reference rate (a "Specified Rate 1") minus another 
reference rate (a "Specified Rate 2", and together with Specified Rate 1, each a 
"Specified Rate").  
(b) 
Determination of Specified Rate 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular, Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities), 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate 
Securities) and 4.6 (Spread Securities), each Specified Rate is a "Reference Rate" and 
the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether such Specified Rate is: (i) a Floating 
Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination (or any 
other type of determination) will apply, or (ii) a CMS Interest Rate, or (iii) a Spread 
Interest Rate, (iv) a Relevant Spread Rate, or (v) a Spread Reference Rate. 
In relation to the Inverse Reference Rate (and each Specified Rate), depending on 
which one of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above is specified in relation to such Specified 
Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such Specified Rate, all the

--- Page 1226 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1200 
 
relevant terms for such Inverse Reference Rate or Specified Rate, including for the 
Inverse Reference Rate and each Specified Rate, the Interest Determination Date, any 
Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Spread Securities Provisions, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in 
accordance with the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, 
Spread Interest Rate, a Relevant Spread Rate or Spread Reference Rate, in each case, 
in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest 
Rate or a Spread Interest Rate, in each case, as contained in the Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Inverse Reference Rate and/or a Specified Rate 
is determined by reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate, CMS 
Interest Rate or Spread Interest Rate, all fallback provisions relating to a Floating 
Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as applicable, as contained in 
the Valuation and Settlement Conditions shall also apply in relation to the 
determination of such rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Inverse Fixed Rate, Inverse Reference Rate and/or Specified Rate may 
apply in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Floating Rate Securities Provisions, CMS Rate Securities Provisions Spread Securities 
Provisions applicable to Inverse Floating Rate Securities 
Each Inverse Floating Rate Security for which any Specified Rate is a Floating Interest 
Rate, a CMS Interest Rate or a Spread Interest Rate or determined by reference to the 
relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate, a CMS Interest Rate or a Spread 
Interest Rate will also be a Floating Rate Security, CMS Interest Linked Security or a 
Spread Security (as applicable), and interest will be determined and calculated as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities), 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities) or 4.6 (Spread Securities), as 
applicable, and in the applicable Issue Terms as though the Specified Rate was a 
Floating Interest Rate, a CMS Interest Rate or a Spread Interest Rate, as applicable. 
Inverse Floating Rate Securities for which a Specified Rate is a Floating Interest Rate, 
CMS Interest Rate or Spread Interest Rate or determined by reference to the relevant 
provisions for a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate or Spread Interest Rate (as 
applicable) will bear interest from (and including) the relevant Interest 
Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined in accordance with paragraph 
4.13(a) above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise provided 
in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such interest (an "Interest Amount") will 
be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date to which the Inverse Floating Rate 
Securities Provisions apply, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In respect of an 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Ending Interest Period End Date, the 
relevant Interest Amount(s) will be payable on the Interest Payment Date falling on or 
about such Ending Interest Period End Date.  
4.14 
Volatility Bond Securities 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Volatility Bond Securities Provisions to be applicable 
to the Securities (the "Volatility Bond Securities"), the definitions and provisions set out in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.14 ("Volatility Bond Securities Provisions") shall 
apply. 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Volatility Bond Securities 
The Interest Rate (the "Volatility Bond Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest 
Period and/or the Interest Payment Date to which the Volatility Bond Securities 
Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be the Relevant 
Volatility Bond Rate in respect of such Interest Period, plus or minus (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (Volatility Bond Interest Rate) (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by the Interest Participation

--- Page 1227 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1201 
 
Rate (Volatility Bond Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
The "Relevant Volatility Bond Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be: 
Abs [Volatility Bond Rate 1 - Volatility Bond Rate 2] 
(b) 
Shout Option 
If "Shout Option" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Securityholders of all the outstanding Securities may give notice of their exercise of 
the Shout Option in respect of an Interest Period to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the provisions below prior to the time specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (the "Shout Option Cut-off Time") on a Relevant Business Day during 
the relevant Shout Period (the date on which the Shout Option is validly exercised, the 
"Shout Option Date"). On the valid exercise of such Shout Option, the Calculation 
Agent will determine in its discretion the implied forward rate for the Reference 
Rate(s) comprising Volatility Bond Rate 1 or, if any such Reference Rate(s) are 
Forward Rates, shall determine such Forward Rates, on such Shout Option Date at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate 
(the "Shout Forward Rate(s) ") and shall determine Volatility Bond Rate 1 for the 
relevant Interest Period by reference to such Shout Forward Rate(s) in place of the 
relevant Reference Rate(s). Following determination of the relevant Shout Forward 
Rate(s) by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall notify the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) of such Forward Rate(s) and the 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 for the relevant Interest Period. 
Any such Shout Option may only be validly exercised on one occasion during the 
Shout Period for a relevant Interest Period but may be exercised in respect of more 
than one Interest Period for which the Volatility Bond Securities Provisions are 
applicable. 
In order to validly exercise the Shout Option in respect of an Interest Period, the holders 
of 100 per cent. of the Securities must, prior to the Shout Option Cut-off Time on any 
Relevant Business Day in the relevant Shout Period, give notice in writing to the Issuer 
by hand, mail or e-mail in accordance with the relevant contact details specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, in respect of Exempt Securities, in such other manner as is 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Each holder must provide evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the relevant Securities which, (i) in the case 
of Securities represented by a Global Security, may be in the form of certification from 
the relevant clearing system and, if applicable, the custodian with whom such holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the Securities or (ii) in the case of Securities 
in definitive form which are held outside the Relevant Clearing Systems, may be 
satisfied by delivery of the Securities held by such holder together with the relevant 
notice or (iii) may be in any other appropriate manner determined by the Issuer. 
Any such notice shall be effective when received by the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent. If any such notice is received by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the above provisions after the Shout Option Cut-off Time on any 
Relevant Business Day or on any day that is not a Relevant Business Day, such notice 
shall be deemed to be effective prior to the Shout Option Cut-off Time on the next 
following Relevant Business Day.  
If notice is received from less than 100 per cent. of the holders of the Securities 
outstanding on the applicable Relevant Business Day, any such notice shall not be 
effective and the Shout Option will not be exercised. 
(c) 
Determination of Volatility Bond Reference Rate 
The "Volatility Bond Reference Rate" shall be the rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, and may be expressed as:

--- Page 1228 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1202 
 
(i) 
a single Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
the sum of two or more Reference Rates (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms); or  
(iii) 
Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2.  
Different Volatility Bond Reference Rate(s) (if applicable, calculated from different 
Reference Rates) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular, Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities), 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities), 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities) and 4.4 (Forward Rate Securities), 
the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether a Reference Rate is (i) a Fixed Interest 
Rate; (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination (or any other type of determination) will apply; (iii) a CMS Interest Rate 
or (iv) a Forward Rate. 
(d) 
Determination of Reference Rate  
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) 
above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will 
specify in relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference 
Rate, including any Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in 
accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest 
Rate, CMS Interest Rate or Forward Rate, in each case, in accordance with the relevant 
provisions for a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate or 
Forward Rate, in each case, as contained in the Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Rate is determined by reference to the 
relevant provisions for a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate 
or Forward Rate, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, all fallback provisions 
relating to a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate or Forward 
Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions shall also 
apply in relation to the determination of such rate(s), as applicable. 
Different Reference Rate(s) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Fixed Rate Securities Provisions applicable to Volatility Bond Securities 
Each Volatility Bond Security will also be a Fixed Rate Security and interest will be 
determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Securities) as though the applicable Issue Terms specified 
"Accrual" to be applicable and the Volatility Bond Interest Rate was a Fixed Interest 
Rate. Volatility Bond Securities will bear interest from (and including) the relevant 
Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined in accordance with 
paragraph 4.14(a) above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise 
provided in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such interest (being an "Interest 
Amount") will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date to which the 
Volatility Bond Securities Provisions apply, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In respect of an Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Ending Interest Period 
End Date, the relevant Interest Amount(s) will be payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling on or about such Ending Interest Period End Date. 
(f) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Each Volatility Bond Reference Rate, Volatility Bond Rate 1 and Volatility Bond Rate 
2 shall be deemed to be a "Reference Rate" for the purposes of Valuation and

--- Page 1229 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1203 
 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.5(a) 
(Maximum/Minimum 
Interest 
Rates 
and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates).  
(g) 
Definitions 
"Abs" means, when followed by an equation inside brackets, the absolute value of the 
result of the relevant equation, being the resulting positive percentage without regard 
to its sign (e.g. the absolute value of -19 per cent. would be 19 per cent. and the absolute 
value of 19 per cent. would also be 19 per cent.). 
"Interest Participation Rate (Volatility Bond Interest Rate) " means, in respect of 
a Relevant Volatility Bond Rate for an Interest Period, an Interest Participation Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant 
Volatility Bond Rate. 
"Margin (Volatility Bond Interest Rate) " means, in respect of a Relevant Volatility 
Bond Rate for an Interest Period, a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms corresponding to such Relevant Volatility Bond Rate. 
"Reference Rate 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (d) 
above. 
"Reference Rate 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (d) 
above. 
"Relevant Business Day" means, in respect of a Shout Period, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in each Relevant Business Centre specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and if 
"Relevant Business Centre" is specified to be or to include: (a) U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, then "Relevant Business Day" shall also be any day except 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (b) T2, then 
"Relevant Business Day" shall also be a day on which T2 is open. 
"Shout Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period and Volatility Bond Rate 1 in 
respect of such Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the last occurring 
Interest Determination Date in respect of the Reference Rate(s) comprising Volatility 
Bond Rate 2 to (but excluding) the first occurring Interest Determination Date in 
respect of the Reference Rate(s) comprising Volatility Bond Rate 1. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period and subject as 
provided in paragraph (b) above, a Volatility Bond Reference Rate specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Volatility Bond Rate 1 Margin, and 
multiplied by any Volatility Bond Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation 
Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 1 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Volatility Bond 
Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 Margin, and multiplied by any Volatility Bond Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation 
Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1230 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1204 
 
"Volatility Bond Rate 2 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
4.15 
Synthetic Forward Rate Securities 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Synthetic Forward Rate Securities Provisions to be 
applicable to the Securities (the "Synthetic Forward Rate Securities"), the definitions and 
provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.15 (the "Synthetic Forward 
Rate Securities Provisions") shall apply. 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Synthetic Forward Rate Securities 
The Interest Rate (the "Synthetic Forward Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest 
Period to which the Synthetic Forward Rate Securities Provisions apply (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms) will be the Relevant SF Rate in respect of such Interest 
Period, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (SF 
Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by the 
Interest Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
The "Relevant SF Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be: 
(i) 
if "Synthetic Forward Option One" is specified to be applicable, a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
(SF Rate 1 x Rate 1)−(SF Rate 2 x Rate 2)
(SF Rate 1−SF Rate 2)
; or 
(ii) 
if "Synthetic Forward Option Two" is specified to be applicable, a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Rate 1 + [Rate 1 x (1 + Rate 1)x] − [Rate 2 x (1 + Rate 2)𝑦];or 
(iii) 
if "Synthetic Forward Option Three" is specified to be applicable, a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[Max (Annuity Rate 1;Lev×A n n u i t y Rate 2)×R a t e 1]−[𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2×𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2]
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 1;𝐿𝑒𝑣×𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2)−𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2
 
If any Reference Rate is specified herein or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a 
"Synthetic Forward Interest Rate", "Relevant SF Rate" or "SF Reference Rate", the 
relevant Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with the provisions set out 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.15, as though each reference to "Interest 
Rate" were a reference to "Reference Rate". 
(b) 
Determination of SF Reference Rate 
The "SF Reference Rate" shall be the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and may be expressed as: 
(i) 
a single Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
the sum of two or more Reference Rates (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms); or  
(iii) 
Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2.  
A different SF Reference Rate(s) (and, if applicable, calculated from different 
Reference Rates) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of Reference Rate

--- Page 1231 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1205 
 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular, Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities), 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities), 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities), the applicable Issue Terms will 
specify whether a Reference Rate is (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest 
Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination (or any other 
type of determination) will apply; or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii) or (iii) above is 
specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in 
relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, 
including any Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in 
accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate 
or CMS Interest Rate, in each case, in accordance with the relevant provisions for a 
Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, in each case, as 
contained in the Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Rate is determined by reference to the 
relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, all fallback provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate 
or CMS Interest Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions shall also apply in relation to the determination of such rate(s), as 
applicable. 
Different Reference Rate(s) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(d) 
Fixed Rate Securities Provisions applicable to Synthetic Forward Rate Securities 
Each Synthetic Forward Rate Security will also be a Fixed Rate Security and interest 
will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities) as though the applicable Issue Terms specified 
"Accrual" to be applicable and the Synthetic Forward Interest Rate was a Fixed Interest 
Rate. Synthetic Forward Rate Securities will bear interest from (and including) the 
relevant Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined in accordance 
with paragraph 4.15(c) above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as 
otherwise provided in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such interest (being an 
"Interest Amount") will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date to which 
the Synthetic Forward Rate Securities Provisions apply, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. In respect of an Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Ending 
Interest Period End Date, the relevant Interest Amount(s) will be payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling on or about such Ending Interest Period End Date. 
(e) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Each of SF Reference Rate, SF Rate 1, SF Rate 2, Rate 1 and Rate 2 shall be deemed 
to be a "Reference Rate" for the purposes of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(a) 
(Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates). 
(f) 
Definitions 
"Annuity Rate 1" will be calculated as follows: 
∑
1
(1+Rate 1)i to x
x
i
 
"Annuity Rate 2" will be calculated as follows: 
∑
1
(1+Rate 2)i to y
y
i
 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to x or y, as the case may be.

--- Page 1232 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1206 
 
"Interest Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate) " means, in respect of a Relevant SF 
Rate for an Interest Period, an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant SF Rate. 
"Lev" means the leverage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED 
THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Lev is Not Applicable, Lev shall be 
100 per cent. 
"Margin (SF Interest Rate) " means, in respect of a Relevant SF Rate for an Interest 
Period, a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such 
Relevant SF Rate. 
"Rate 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a SF Reference Rate specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Rate 1 Margin, and multiplied by any 
Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate 1 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a SF Reference Rate specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Rate 2 Margin, and multiplied by any 
Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate 2 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Rate One" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with 
paragraph (c) above. 
"Reference Rate Two" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with 
paragraph (c) above. 
"SF Rate 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
1
Rate 1  x  [1 −
1
(1+Rate 1)x] 
plus or minus any SF Rate 1 Margin, and multiplied by any SF Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate. 
"SF Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"SF Rate 1 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"SF Rate 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
1
Rate 2  x  [1 −
1
(1+Rate 2)y] 
plus or minus any SF Rate 2 Margin, and multiplied by any SF Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate. 
"SF Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1233 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1207 
 
"SF Rate 2 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"x" means a number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"y" means a number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
4.16 
Previous Coupon Linked Securities 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Previous Coupon Linked Securities Provisions to be 
applicable to the Securities ("Previous Coupon Linked Securities"), the definitions and 
provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.16 (the "Previous Coupon 
Linked Securities Provisions") shall apply. 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Previous Coupon Linked Securities 
The Interest Rate (the "Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate") in respect of each 
Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the Previous Coupon Linked 
Securities Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) (such Interest 
Period, a "Previous Coupon Linked Period", and such Interest Payment Date, a 
"Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date") shall be an amount equal to the Previous 
Coupon Reference Rate, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to the Previous Coupon Reference Rate for such Previous 
Coupon Linked Period and/or such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date), and 
further multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (Previous Coupon Linked Interest 
Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to the Previous 
Coupon Reference Rate for such Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or such Previous 
Coupon Linked Payment Date). 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify a different Margin (Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate) and/or a different Interest Participation Rate (Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate) for a Previous Coupon Reference Rate in respect of different Previous 
Coupon Linked Periods and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Dates, the Margin 
(Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) and/or Interest Participation Rate (Previous 
Coupon Linked Interest Rate) shall be construed to apply to such Previous Coupon 
Reference Rate in respect of each Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or each 
Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date.  
(b) 
Fixed Rate Securities Provisions applicable to Previous Coupon Linked Securities 
Each Previous Coupon Linked Security will also be a Fixed Rate Security and interest 
will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities) above as though the applicable Issue 
Terms specified "Accrual" to be applicable and the Previous Coupon Linked Interest 
Rate was a Fixed Interest Rate. Previous Coupon Linked Securities will bear interest 
from (and including) the relevant Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate 
(determined in accordance with paragraph 4.16(a) above) and, where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue 
Terms and subject as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such 
interest (being an "Interest Amount") will be payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date to which the Previous Coupon Linked Securities Provisions apply, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In respect of an Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) an Ending Interest Period End Date, the relevant Interest Amount(s) will be 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling on or about such Ending Interest Period 
End Date. 
(c) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Each Previous Coupon Reference Rate, Rate 1 and Rate 2 shall be deemed to be a 
"Reference Rate" for the purposes of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(a) 
(Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates).

--- Page 1234 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1208 
 
(d) 
Definitions 
"Interest Participation Rate (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) " means, in 
respect of each Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked 
Payment Date, the Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Margin (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) " means, in respect of each 
Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, the 
Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Previous Coupon" means, in respect of each Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or 
Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, the Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate in 
respect of the Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked 
Payment Date immediately preceding such Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or 
such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, PROVIDED THAT if the interest basis 
applicable to the Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
such Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or such Previous Coupon Linked Payment 
Date is not "Previous Coupon Linked Securities", the Previous Coupon shall be the 
Interest Rate determined in accordance with the interest basis applicable to such 
Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date (as set out in the Interest Basis Table). 
"Previous Coupon Reference Rate" means, in respect of each Previous Coupon 
Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, the Previous Coupon, 
plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) (i) Rate 1, multiplied by Rate 
1 Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Rate 
1 for such Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment 
Date), plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) (ii) Rate 2, multiplied 
by Rate 2 Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to Rate 2 for such Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked 
Payment Date). 
"Rate 1" means, in respect of a Previous Coupon Reference Rate for a Previous 
Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, (i) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) Spread Interest 
Rate, (v) Relevant Spread Rate, (vi) a Spread Reference Rate or (vii) any other 
Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to the 
determination of such Previous Coupon Reference Rate for such Previous Coupon 
Linked Period and/or such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, PROVIDED 
THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Rate 1 to be not applicable, it shall be 
deemed to be equal to zero. If any Rate 1 specified in relation to the determination of 
a Previous Coupon Reference Rate is a different rate in respect of two or more Previous 
Coupon Linked Periods and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Dates (as 
applicable), the Rate 1 in respect of: (x) each Previous Coupon Linked Period ending 
on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date, shall be each Reference Rate specified 
in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Rate 1" in the row corresponding to the date 
(specified in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on which such Interest Period 
End Date is scheduled to fall; and (y) each Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, 
shall be each Reference Rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Rate 
1" in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Previous Coupon 
Linked Payment Date") on which such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date is 
scheduled to fall. 
"Rate 1 Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate 2" means, in respect of a Previous Coupon Reference Rate for a Previous 
Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, (i) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) Spread Interest 
Rate, (v) Relevant Spread Rate, (vi) a Spread Reference Rate or (vii) any other 
Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to the

--- Page 1235 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1209 
 
determination of such Previous Coupon Reference Rate for such Previous Coupon 
Linked Period and/or such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, PROVIDED 
THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Rate 2 to be not applicable, it shall be 
deemed to be equal to zero. If any Rate 2 specified in relation to the determination of 
a Previous Coupon Reference Rate is a different rate in respect of two or more Previous 
Coupon Linked Periods and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Dates (as 
applicable), the Rate 2 in respect of: (x) each Previous Coupon Linked Period ending 
on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date, shall be each Reference Rate specified 
in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Rate 2" in the row corresponding to the date 
(specified in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on which such Interest Period 
End Date is scheduled to fall; and (y) each Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, 
shall be each Reference Rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Rate 
2" in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Previous Coupon 
Linked Payment Date") on which such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date is 
scheduled to fall. 
"Rate 2 Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
4.17 
FX Performance Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the FX Performance Securities Provisions" to be 
applicable to the Securities ("FX Performance Securities"), the definitions and provisions set 
out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.17 (the "FX Performance Securities 
Provisions") shall apply in addition to the ACR Valuation and Settlement Conditions (as 
defined below). 
(a) 
Interest Rate for FX Performance Securities 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, 
the Interest Rate (the "FX Adjusted Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest Period 
and/or Interest Payment Date (n) to which the FX Performance Securities Provisions 
apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
ACR x FX Performance 
and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Conditions relating to the Actual 
Coupon Rate (the "ACR Valuation and Settlement Conditions") shall be subject to 
the provisions hereof. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.5(a)(i) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates) shall be applied to the Actual Coupon 
Rate only, rather than to the FX Adjusted Interest Rate, determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.17. 
Unless otherwise expressly provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement, any interest 
basis, other than Fixed Rate Securities where "Accrual" is specified as not applicable, 
Inflation Rate Securities and DIR Inflation Linked Securities, may be specified to be 
FX Performance Securities. 
(b) 
Determination of the Interest Amount 
Subject as provided in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.17, the Interest 
Amount shall be determined as provided in the ACR Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions. 
(c) 
Definitions 
"ACR" or "Actual Coupon Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or 
Interest Payment Date to which the FX Performance Securities Provisions apply (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), the Interest Rate otherwise determined for

--- Page 1236 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1210 
 
such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date in accordance with the Valuation 
and Settlement Conditions prior to the application of the FX Performance Securities 
Provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.17 but applied either 
before or after, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the application of the 
Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions, the Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions 
and/or the Global Interest Cap Securities Provisions for the relevant Interest Period. 
"FX Performance" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment 
Date and the related FX Performance Valuation Date(s): 
FX Performance 1
FX Performance 2 
and multiplied by the FX Performance Participation Rate (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms). 
"FX Performance 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment 
Date, either (i) the FX Performance Rate specified as such for such Interest Period 
and/or Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) the FX Performance 
Rate in respect of FX Performance Valuation Date 1 for such Interest Period and/or 
Interest Payment Date. 
"FX Performance 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment 
Date, either (i) the FX Performance Rate specified as such for such Interest Period 
and/or Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) the FX Performance 
Rate in respect of FX Performance Valuation Date 2 for such Interest Period and/or 
Interest Payment Date. 
"FX Performance Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date and a relevant FX Performance Valuation Date, either the rate or amount 
specified as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date or, if no rate or 
amount is so specified: 
(i) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the relevant FX 
Performance Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Underlying for the relevant FX Performance Valuation Date; 
or 
(ii) 
where no Underlying is designated to be the relevant FX Performance Rate in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B 
Currency exchange rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if a "mid" 
rate is specified, the average of the FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Designated Page (or such other page or 
service that may replace the FX Perf Designated Page for the purpose of 
displaying the relevant FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at the FX Perf Designated Time 
(in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) on the relevant FX 
Performance Valuation Date PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (ii) it shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time(s), on such days and by reference to such 
source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
"Specified FX Performance Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Interest Period 
and/or Interest Payment Date, any FX Performance Valuation Date 1 and FX 
Performance Valuation Date 2 specified for such Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. In respect of any FX Performance Rate 
determined by reference to an Underlying which is an FX Rate, each such date shall 
be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such 
date, as so specified and/or adjusted, an "FX Performance Valuation Date".

--- Page 1237 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1211 
 
"FX Performance Valuation Date 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or 
Interest Payment Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"FX Performance Valuation Date 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or 
Interest Payment Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
4.18 
Reserve Coupon Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions to be 
applicable to the Securities (Reserve Coupon Securities), the definitions and provisions set out 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.18 (the "Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions") 
shall apply in addition to the ACR Valuation and Settlement Conditions (as defined below). 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Reserve Coupon Securities 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, 
the Interest Rate (the "Adjusted Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest Period (n) 
to which the Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms), the related Total Reserve Coupon will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following: 
(i) 
where "Relevant Option" is specified to be Option 1 in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
(A) 
if, in respect of an Interest Period (n), ACRn is greater than or equal 
to RCR: 
(1) 
AIRn will be equal to RCR; and 
(2) 
TRCn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
TRCn =  TRC(n−1) + ACRn −RCR; or 
(B) 
if, in respect of an Interest Period (n), ACRn is less than RCR, then: 
(1) 
AIRn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
AIRn = Min [(ACRn + TRC(n−1));RCR]; and 
(2) 
TRCn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
TRCn = TRC(n−1) + ACRn −AIRn; or 
(ii) 
where "Relevant Option" is specified to be Option 2 in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
(A) 
for any Interest Period (n) falling within the Initial Reserve Period: 
(1) 
if, in respect of an Interest Period (n), ACRn is greater than 
or equal to zero: 
(a) 
AIRn will be equal to ACRn; and 
(b) 
TRCn will be equal to TRC(n-1); or 
(2) 
if, in respect of an Interest Period (n), ACRn is less than 
zero:  
(a) 
AIRn will be equal to zero; and

--- Page 1238 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1212 
 
(b) 
TRCn will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
TRCn = TRC(n−1) + ACRn; and 
(B) 
for any Interest Period (n) falling during the period (the "Remaining 
Reserve Period") after the Initial Reserve Period,  
(1) 
AIRn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
AIRn = Max  [ACRn +
TCRA
RPN ; 0] 
(2) 
TRRn for the purposes of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 6(e) (Redemption Reserve Securities), where 
applicable, will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following: 
(a) 
if ACRn is less than zero, an amount determined 
by reference to the following formula: 
TRRn = TRR(n-1) + AIRn + ACRn 
(b) 
if ACRn is greater than or equal to zero, TRRn will 
be equal to zero; or 
(iii) 
where "Relevant Option" is specified to be Option 3 in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
(A) 
if, in respect of an Interest Period (n), ACRn is less than the Floor: 
(1) 
AIRn will be equal to the Floor; and 
(2) 
TRCn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
TRCn =  TRC(n−1) + Floor −ACRn; or 
(B) 
if, in respect of an Interest Period (n), ACRn is greater than or equal 
to the Floor, then: 
(1) 
AIRn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
AIRn = AIRn –Min [TRC(n−1); (ACRn –Floor)]; and 
(2) 
TRCn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
TRCn = TRC(n−1) – Min [TRC(n−1); (ACRn –Floor)]; 
and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Conditions relating to the Actual 
Coupon Rate (the "ACR Valuation and Settlement Conditions") shall be subject to 
the provisions hereof. 
Unless otherwise expressly provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement, any interest 
basis, other than Fixed Rate Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms 
specify "Accrual" to be not applicable, Inflation Rate Securities and DIR Inflation 
Linked Securities, may be specified to be Reserve Coupon Securities. 
(b) 
Determination of the Interest Amount

--- Page 1239 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1213 
 
Subject as provided in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.18, the Interest 
Amount shall be determined as provided in the ACR Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions. 
(c) 
Definitions 
"ACRn" or "Actual Coupon Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n) to which 
the Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms), the Interest Rate otherwise determined for such Interest Period (n) in 
accordance with the Valuation and Settlement Conditions prior to the application of 
the Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.18 but applied either before or after, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the application of the FX Performance Securities Provisions for the relevant 
Interest Period (n). 
"Floor" means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Initial Reserve Period" means the period specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"RCR" or "Reserve Coupon Rate" means the rate of interest specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"RPN" means the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms, being the number 
of Interest Periods (n) falling within the Remaining Reserve Period. 
"TRC(A) " means the arithmetic average of the Total Reserve Coupons for each of the 
Interest Periods (n) in the Initial Reserve Period. 
"TRCn" or "Total Reserve Coupon" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n), a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent as specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.18(a) above. 
"TRC(n-1) " means, in respect of an Interest Period (n) (the "Current Interest Period"), 
the Total Reserve Coupon for the Interest Period (n) immediately preceding that 
Current Interest Period, PROVIDED THAT, "TRC(n-1) " for the first Interest Period 
(n) to which the Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions apply shall be zero.  
"TRRn" or "Total Redemption Reserve" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n), 
a rate determined by the Calculation Agent as specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.18(a)(ii)(B)(2) above. 
"TRR(n-1) " means, in respect of a Current Interest Period, the Total Reserve Coupon 
for the Interest Period (n) immediately preceding the Current Interest Period, 
PROVIDED THAT, "TRR(n-1) " for the first Interest Period (n) in the Remaining 
Reserve Period shall be zero.  
4.19 
Global Interest Floor Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions to be 
applicable to the Securities ("Global Interest Floor Securities"), the definitions and provisions 
set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.19 (the "Global Interest Floor Securities 
Provisions") shall apply in addition to the AIA Valuation and Settlement Conditions (as defined 
below). 
(a) 
Interest Amount in respect of Final Interest Period for Global Interest Floor Securities 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions 
(other than Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.23 (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities)), the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Security and the Final 
Interest Period will be an amount in the Settlement Currency calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to:

--- Page 1240 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1214 
 
(i) 
AIA; plus 
(ii) 
Max [Floor – Sum, 0] 
(the resultant figure being rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention) and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions relating to the Actual Interest Amount (the "AIA Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions") shall be subject to the provisions hereof. 
(b) 
Definitions 
"AIA" or "Actual Interest Amount" means the Interest Amount otherwise determined 
in respect of each Security and the Final Interest Period in accordance with the 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions prior to the application of the Global Interest 
Floor Securities Provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.19 but 
applied either before or after, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the application 
of the FX Performance Securities Provisions. 
"Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date or, if the final Interest Period in respect of the Securities does not end 
on (but exclude) the Maturity Date, such final Interest Period. 
"Floor" means an amount in the Settlement Currency calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the Floor Rate. 
"Floor Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Sum" means an amount in the Settlement Currency calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of:  
(i) 
the Actual Interest Amount; and 
(ii) 
the sum of the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Security for each 
Interest Period other than the Final Interest Period (or, if Interest Rollup is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the 
Interest Amounts accrued and calculated in respect of each Security for each 
Interest Period other than the Final Interest Period and, subject to this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.19, payable on the Maturity Date). 
4.20 
Auto Floor Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Auto Floor Securities Provisions to be applicable 
to the Securities ("Auto Floor Securities"), the definitions and provisions set out in this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.20 (the "Auto Floor Securities Provisions") shall apply 
in addition to the AIA Valuation and Settlement Conditions (as defined below). 
(a) 
Interest Amount in respect of an Interest Payment Date for Auto Floor Securities 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions 
(other than Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.23 (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities)), the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Security (the "Adjusted 
Interest Amount" or "AIAn") in respect of each Interest Period (n) to which the Auto 
Floor Securities Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and the 
related Interest Payment Date will be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following: 
(i) 
where Floorlets Number(n-1) is greater than zero: 
(A) 
if ACAn is less than the Floor Amount: 
(1) 
AIAn will be equal to the Floor Amount; and

--- Page 1241 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1215 
 
(2) 
Floorlets Numbern will be a number determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Floorlets Number(n-1) – 1. 
(B) 
if ACAn is greater than or equal to the Floor Amount: 
(1) 
AIAn will be equal to ACAn; and 
(2) 
Floorlets Numbern will be equal to Floorlets Number(n-1); or 
(ii) 
where Floorlets Number(n-1) is less than or equal to zero: 
(A) 
AIAn will be equal to ACAn; and 
(B) 
Floorlets Numbern will be equal to Floorlets Number(n-1), 
(the resultant figure for AIAn being rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention) and the provisions of the Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions relating to the Actual Interest Amount (the "AIA Valuation 
and Settlement Conditions") shall be subject to the provisions hereof. 
(b) 
Determination of the Interest Amount 
Subject as provided in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.20, the Interest 
Amount shall be determined as provided in the AIA Valuation and Settlement 
Condition. 
(c) 
Definitions 
"ACAn" or "Actual Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n) to 
which the Auto Floor Securities Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and the related Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount otherwise 
determined for such Interest Period (n) respect of each Security and such Interest 
Payment Date in accordance with the Valuation and Settlement Conditions prior to the 
application of the Auto Floor Securities Provisions set out in this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.20 but applied either before or after, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the application of the FX Performance Securities Provisions 
for the relevant Interest Period (n). 
"Floor" means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Floor Amount" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the product 
of (i) the Floor and (ii) the Calculation Amount. 
"Floorlets Numbern" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n), a number determined 
by the Calculation Agent as specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.20(a) 
"Floorlets Number(n-1) " means, in respect of an Interest Period (n) (the "Current 
Interest Period"), the Floorlets Numbern for the Interest Period (n) immediately 
preceding the Current Interest Period. "Floorlets Number(n-1)" for the first Interest 
Period (n) to which the Auto Floor Securities Provisions apply shall be the Initial 
Floorlets Number. 
"Initial Floorlets Number" is the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
4.21 
Global Interest Cap Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Global Interest Cap Securities Provisions to be 
applicable to the Securities ("Global Interest Cap Securities"), the definitions and provisions 
set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.20 (the "Global Interest Cap Securities

--- Page 1242 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1216 
 
Provisions") shall apply in addition to the AIA Valuation and Settlement Conditions (as defined 
below). 
(a) 
Interest Amount in respect of an Interest Payment Date for Global Interest Cap 
Securities 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions 
(other than Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.23 (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities)), the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Security and an Interest 
Payment Date will be an amount in the Settlement Currency calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the lesser of: 
(i) 
AIA; and 
(ii) 
Min [Cap – TAI, 0] 
(the resultant figure being rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention) and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions relating to the Actual Interest Amount (the "AIA Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions") shall be subject to the provisions hereof. 
(b) 
Definitions 
"AIA" or "Actual Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date 
(the "Relevant Interest Payment Date"), the Interest Amount otherwise determined 
in respect of each Security and such Interest Payment Date in accordance with the 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions prior to the application of the Global Interest Cap 
Securities Provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.20 (Auto 
Floor Securities) but applied either before or after, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the application of the FX Performance Securities Provisions. 
"Cap" means an amount in the Settlement Currency calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the Cap Rate. 
"Cap Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"TAI" or "Total Actual Interest" means an amount in the Settlement Currency 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of:  
(i) 
the Actual Interest Amount; and 
(ii) 
the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each principal amount 
of Securities equal to the Calculation Amount for each Interest Payment Date 
falling prior to the Relevant Interest Payment Date. 
4.22 
Auto Cap Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Auto Floor Securities Provisions to be applicable 
to the Securities ("Auto Floor Securities"), the definitions and provisions set out in this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.22 (the "Auto Floor Securities Provisions") shall apply 
in addition to the AIA Valuation and Settlement Conditions (as defined below). 
(a) 
Interest Amount in respect of an Interest Payment Date for Auto Cap Securities 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions 
(other than Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.23 (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities)), the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Security (the "Adjusted 
Interest Amount" or "AIAn") in respect of each Interest Period (n) to which the Auto 
Cap Securities Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and the 
related Interest Payment Date will be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following:

--- Page 1243 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1217 
 
(i) 
where Caplets Number(n-1) is greater than zero: 
(A) 
if ACAn is greater than the Cap Amount: 
(1) 
AIAn will be equal to ACAn; and 
(2) 
Caplets Numbern will be a number determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Caplets Number(n-1) – 1. 
(B) 
if ACAn is less than or equal to the Cap Amount: 
(1) 
AIAn will be equal to the Cap Amount; and 
(2) 
Caplets Numbern will be equal to Caplets Number(n-1); or 
(ii) 
where Caplets Number(n-1) is less than or equal to zero: 
(A) 
AIAn will be equal to the Cap Amount; and 
(B) 
Caplets Numbern will be equal to Caplets Number(n-1), 
(the resultant figure for AIAn being rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention) and the provisions of the Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions relating to the Actual Interest Amount (the "AIA Valuation 
and Settlement Conditions") shall be subject to the provisions hereof. 
(b) 
Determination of the Interest Amount 
Subject as provided in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.22, the Interest 
Amount shall be determined as provided in the AIA Valuation and Settlement 
Condition. 
(c) 
Definitions 
"ACAn" or "Actual Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n) to 
which the Auto Floor Securities Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and the related Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount otherwise 
determined for such Interest Period (n) respect of each Security and such Interest 
Payment Date in accordance with the Valuation and Settlement Conditions prior to the 
application of the Auto Cap Securities Provisions set out in this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.22 but applied either before or after, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the application of the FX Performance Securities Provisions 
for the relevant Interest Period (n). 
"Cap" means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Cap Amount" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the product 
of (i) the Cap and (ii) the Calculation Amount. 
"Caplets Numbern" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n), a number determined 
by the Calculation Agent as specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.22(a). 
"Caplets Number(n-1) " means, in respect of an Interest Period (n) (the "Current 
Interest Period"), the Caplets Numbern for the Interest Period (n) immediately 
preceding the Current Interest Period. Caplets Number(n-1) for the first Interest Period 
(n) to which the Auto Cap Securities Provisions apply shall be the Initial Caplets 
Number. 
"Initial Caplets Number" is the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1244 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1218 
 
4.23 
Restructure Interest Rate Securities 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the Restructure Interest Rate Securities Provisions to 
be applicable to the Securities ("Restructure Interest Rate Securities"), the provisions of this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.23 (the "Restructure Interest Rate Securities 
Provisions") will apply in addition to the IR Valuation and Settlement Condition (as defined 
below). 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Restructure Interest Rate Securities 
If a sole Securityholder (the "Sole Securityholder") is the holder of all the outstanding 
Securities and gives a valid Restructure Rate Request to the Issuer in accordance with 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.23 on a Valid Restructure Rate Request 
Business Day (the date on which such Restructure Rate Request is so given, the 
"Restructure Rate Request Date"), the Issuer will notify the Sole Securityholder by 
telephone of the relevant Restructure Rate (a "Restructure Rate Telephone 
Quotation") in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.23 on such 
Restructure Rate Request Date. 
If: 
(i) 
during such Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation, the relevant Sole 
Securityholder Contact confirms the Sole Securityholder's acceptance of such 
Restructure Rate (a "Restructure Rate Acceptance"); and 
(ii) 
the Sole Securityholder has given a valid Holding Notice to the Issuer in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.23 on such 
Restructure Rate Request Date, 
then: 
 
(x) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions, the Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period comprising the 
relevant Restructure Rate Request Period will be equal to the relevant 
Restructure Rate and the Issuer shall make such adjustments to the Conditions 
of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate to reflect the 
application of the Restructure Rate (which adjustments may include, but shall 
not be limited to, adjustments to any Day Count Fraction, any Business Day 
Convention, the definition of Business Day, any Interest Determination Date 
and any other relevant methodology or definition for calculating the relevant 
Restructure Rate and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions relating to the Interest Rate that would otherwise have been 
determined in respect of such Interest Period(s) shall be subject to the 
provisions hereof; and 
 
(y) 
the Issuer will give notice thereof (a "Restructure Rate Request 
Confirmation") to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
Subject as provided below, more than one valid Restructure Rate Request may be given 
in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.23 on the same Valid 
Restructure Rate Request Business Day and there is no limit on the number of such 
Restructure Rate Requests that may be given. 
If a Maximum Number of Restructure Rate Acceptances is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the number of valid Restructure Rate Acceptances given in accordance 
with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.23 during the term of the Securities (in 
aggregate, whether by the current and/or any prior Sole Securityholder) may not 
exceed such Maximum Number of Restructure Rate Acceptances and if the number of 
such valid Restructure Rate Acceptances is equal to such Maximum Number of 
Restructure Rate Acceptances, no further Restructure Rate Requests may be given. For 
the avoidance of doubt and subject as provided below, if no Maximum Number of

--- Page 1245 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1219 
 
Restructure Rate Acceptances is specified in the applicable Issue Terms (subject as 
provided below), there is no limit on the number of such Restructure Rate Acceptances 
or Restructure Rate Requests that may be given. 
If a valid Restructure Rate Acceptance is given in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.23 in respect of any Interest Period(s), no subsequent 
Restructure Rate Request may be given in respect of such Interest Period(s).   
For the avoidance of doubt any failure by the Issuer to give a Restructure Rate Request 
Confirmation shall not constitute an Event of Default under the Securities and shall not 
affect the validity of the application of the above provisions. 
(b) 
Determination of the Interest Amount 
Subject as provided in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.23, the Interest 
Amount shall be determined as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Condition 
(the "IR Valuation and Settlement Condition") relating to the Interest Rate otherwise 
applicable under the Securities. 
(c) 
Notices 
Notices to the Issuer 
Subject to the following paragraph, any Restructure Rate Request or Holding Notice 
given by the Sole Securityholder to the Issuer pursuant to this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.23: 
(i) 
must be by e-mail or letter delivered by hand to the e-mail address(s) or 
address and marked for the attention of the person(s) or department specified 
in the Issuer Notice Details in the applicable Issue Terms (or to such other 
details as the Issuer may notify to the Securityholders from time to time in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices)); and 
(ii) 
will be deemed to have been given when despatched to the relevant email 
address (if by e-mail) or delivered (if by letter) but, in respect of a Business 
Day, will only be deemed to have been validly given on such Business Day if 
given on or prior to the relevant Notice Cut-Off Time on such Business Day 
(and, if by e-mail, PROVIDED THAT no delivery failure notification has 
been received by the sender immediately following despatch). The Issuer will 
not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not 
rejected any certificate or document for the purposes of this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.23 purporting to be issued by any relevant entity 
person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
Notices to the Sole Securityholder 
Subject to the following paragraph, any Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation given 
by the Issuer to the Sole Securityholder pursuant to this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.23: 
(i) 
must be by telephone using one of the telephone number(s) specified for such 
purpose in the Sole Securityholder Notice Details and made to a Sole 
Securityholder Contact; and 
(ii) 
will be deemed to have been given when made but, in respect of a Business 
Day, will only be deemed to have been validly given on such Business Day if 
given on or prior to the relevant Notice Cut-Off Time on such Business Day.   
If the Issuer has attempted, but has been unable to contact any Sole Securityholder 
Contact for the purposes of giving a Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation by the 
relevant Notice Cut-Off Time on a Business Day, the Issuer's obligation to give such

--- Page 1246 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1220 
 
Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation hereunder will be deemed satisfied 
notwithstanding this. 
(d) 
Definitions 
"Fixed Fee Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Holding Notice" means a notice containing satisfactory evidence to the Issuer of the 
Sole Securityholder's holding of all the Securities which, in the case of Securities 
represented by a Global Security may (at the Issuer's discretion) be in the form of a 
certification or other document from the Relevant Clearing System. If a Restructure 
Rate Request also contains such evidence, such Restructure Rate Request will also be 
deemed to be a Holding Notice. 
"Notice Cut-Off Time" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Restructure Rate Request, 12:00 p.m. (Central European time); 
(ii) 
in respect of a Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation, four hours after the 
relevant Restructure Rate Request is given in accordance with this Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.23; and 
(iii) 
in respect of a Holding Notice, no later than the time at which the relevant 
Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation is given in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.23.  
Any notice required to be given in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.23 which does not comply with the applicable requirements above shall 
not be valid and shall be null and void and of no effect. 
"Number of Basis Points" means the number of basis points specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Restructure Fee" means, in respect of a Restructure Rate, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency: 
(i) 
if "Fixed Restructure Fee" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, equal to the Fixed Fee Amount; or 
(ii) 
if "Basis Points Restructure Fee" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, calculated by the Issuer equal to the present value of the Number 
of Basis Points per annum on all the Securities outstanding for the tenor of 
the Securities remaining from (and including) the first day of the Interest 
Period next commencing after the Restructure Rate Request Date (or, if the 
Restructure Rate Request Date falls on the first day of an Interest Period, such 
Interest Period), discounted by a prevailing internal funding rate (which may 
be adjusted by a spread).  
"Restructure Rate" means a fixed rate or floating/variable rate, determined by the 
Issuer acting in a commercially reasonable manner taking into consideration any 
factors it determines appropriate, including, without limitation: 
(i) 
the present value of the future Interest Amounts otherwise payable in respect 
of the Securities (taking into account any applicable caps and floors including, 
without limitation, any floor applied pursuant to the Global Interest Floor 
Securities Provisions and/or any cap applied pursuant to the Global Interest 
Cap Securities Provisions), discounted by a prevailing internal funding rate 
(which may be adjusted by a spread); 
(ii) 
any costs to the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates of establishing or unwinding 
any related hedging arrangements in connection with changing the relevant

--- Page 1247 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1221 
 
Interest Rate(s) to the Restructure Rate (taking into account, without 
limitation, the terms of any collateral arrangements in place between the 
parties to any such hedging arrangements and the difference(s) between the 
collateral terms of any such newly established hedging arrangements and any 
such unwound hedging arrangements);  
(iii) 
prevailing market conditions; and 
(iv) 
if one or more valid Restructure Rate Acceptances has already been given in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.23, a deduction to 
reflect the relevant Restructure Fee relating to such Restructure Rate 
Acceptances. 
"Restructure Rate Request" means an irrevocable signed notice in such form as the 
Issuer may require at the relevant time (the form of which can be obtained from the 
Issuer Notice Details specified in the applicable Issue Terms): 
(i) 
specifying one or more future consecutive Interest Periods (together the 
"Restructure Rate Request Period") commencing on or after the 
Restructure Rate Request Start Date; 
(ii) 
requesting that the Issuer proposes a Restructure Rate to be the Interest Rate 
in respect of each such Interest Period;  
(iii) 
specifying the telephone number(s) and person(s) (each a "Sole 
Securityholder Contact") to any of which the related Restructure Rate 
Telephone Quotation to the Sole Securityholder may be given (together the 
Sole Securityholder Notice Details); and 
(iv) 
which 
may 
include, 
without 
limitation, 
such 
representation(s), 
acknowledgement(s) and/or confirmation(s) as the Issuer may require in 
relation to the Sole Securityholder's holding and the beneficial ownership of 
the Securities and, in the event the Sole Securityholder later accepts the 
Restructure Rate, its agreement of the basis on which and market conditions 
in which the Restructure Rate has been provided and evidence of the due 
authorisation of the Sole Securityholder to request and accept a Restructure 
Rate and of the signatory of the Restructure Rate Request and each Sole 
Securityholder Contact, in each case as of the Restructure Rate Request Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the form of Restructure Rate Request will reflect the 
Issuer's requirement(s) at the relevant time and accordingly may vary at different times. 
"Restructure Rate Request Start Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Valid Restructure Rate Request Business Day" means, in respect of a Restructure 
Rate Request, any Business Day falling on or after the Issue Date and not less than 10 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Restructure Rate Request Period. 
4.24 
Change in Interest Basis 
If any of "Switcher Option", "Automatic Change of Interest Basis" or "Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis" (in each case, as described below) is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to the Securities, then the Securities may (at the option of the Issuer, in 
the case of the Switcher Option) or shall (in the case of Automatic Change of Interest Basis) or 
shall, on the occurrence of the relevant Lock-in Event (in the case of Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis) have more than one interest basis applicable to different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates. In such case, the Valuation and Settlement Conditions applicable in relation to 
the particular type(s) of Securities and interest basis shall apply in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period(s) and/or Interest Payment Date(s) as specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 1248 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1222 
 
(a) 
Switcher Option 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Switcher Option to be applicable, the Issuer 
may, having given the number of days' notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if none is so specified: 
(i) 
not less than, five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than five days' notice to the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Securities) or otherwise to the relevant Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable) exercise the option (a "Switcher Option") switch 
the interest basis (which may be a zero or an interest bearing basis) on the Securities 
from the existing interest basis (if any) to the New Interest Basis specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Any Switcher Option shall become effective from and 
including the Switcher Interest Commencement Date and the Securities shall cease to 
bear interest (if any) on the existing interest basis and shall bear interest at the New 
Interest Basis from and including the Switcher Interest Commencement Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may be able to exercise the 
Switcher Option more than once and to one or more specified New Interest Basis 
(Bases). 
If a "Conversion Amount per Calculation Amount payable by the Issuer" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall pay such amount per Calculation Amount 
to the Securityholders on the relevant Switcher Payment Date specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, such payment to be made in accordance with and subject to 
the Conditions. 
(b) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Automatic Change of Interest Basis" to be 
applicable, then the Interest Rate or Interest Amount in respect of an Interest Period 
and/or Interest Payment Date will be determined in accordance with the interest basis 
applicable to such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, which will be in 
respect of:  
(i) 
any Interest Payment Date, the interest basis set forth in the Interest Basis 
Table in the column entitled "Type of Securities" in the row corresponding to 
the date (specified in the column entitled "Interest Payment Date(s)") on 
which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall; or 
(ii) 
(i) the Interest Period beginning on (and including) the relevant Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first succeeding 
Interest Period End Date after the Interest Commencement Date, the interest 
basis set forth in the Interest Basis Table in the column entitled "Type of 
Securities" in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column 
entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which such first Interest Period End 
Date is scheduled to fall; and (ii) each successive Interest Period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the next succeeding Interest Period End Date, the interest basis set forth in the 
Interest Basis Table in the column entitled "Type of Securities" in the row 
corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled "Interest Period 
End Date") on which such next succeeding Interest Period End Date (on 
which such Interest Period ends) is scheduled to fall. 
(c) 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis 
(i) 
Interest Basis

--- Page 1249 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1223 
 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify Lock-in Change of Interest Basis to be 
applicable, then: 
(A) 
the initial interest basis (the "Initial Interest Basis") in respect of 
each Interest Period falling during the period beginning on (and 
including) the relevant Interest Commencement Date and ending on 
(but excluding) the first occurring Lock-in Date shall be the interest 
basis specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Initial 
Interest Basis Period"); and 
(B) 
following the occurrence of one or more Lock-in Events n, the 
interest basis that will apply in respect of each Interest Period falling 
during the period from (and including) the first occurring Lock-in 
Date to (but excluding) the immediately succeeding Lock-in Date 
(or, if none, the Maturity Date) and each subsequent period from 
(and including) a Lock-in Date to (but excluding) the immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Date (or, if none, the Maturity Date) (each a 
"Changed Interest Basis Period"), will be the interest basis for 
such Lock-in Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms (each a 
"Changed Interest Basis").   
Unless otherwise expressly provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Provisions may apply in respect of any 
interest basis, other than Fixed Rate Securities in respect of which the 
applicable Issue Terms specify "Accrual" to be not applicable. 
(ii) 
Satisfaction of the Lock-in Condition 
"Lock-in Condition" means (and shall be deemed to be satisfied), in respect 
of a Lock-in Determination Date, if the relevant Lock-in Reference 
Observation on the relevant Lock-in Determination Date is: 
(A) 
if "Greater than the Lock-in Barrier" is specified under Lock-in 
Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than the 
Lock-in Barrier; 
(B) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier" is specified under 
Lock-in Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, greater 
than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier; 
(C) 
if "Less than the Lock-in Barrier" is specified under Lock-in Barrier 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, less than the Lock-in 
Barrier; or 
(D) 
if "Less than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier" is specified under 
Lock-in Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, less than 
or equal to the Lock-in Barrier, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided 
herein. 
(d) 
Determination of Lock-in Reference Observation and Lock-in Barrier 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular in the case of paragraph (i) below, 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities), 4.3 
(Interest on CMS Rate Securities) and 4.6 (Spread Securities), the "Lock-in Reference 
Observation" and the "Lock-in Barrier" (including each Lock-in Specified Rate (as 
defined below)) shall each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may be: 
(i) 
either a "Reference Rate" and the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether 
such Reference Rate is: (A) a fixed rate (in the case of the Lock-in Barrier 
only), (B) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or

--- Page 1250 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1224 
 
ISDA Determination (or any other type of determination) will apply, (C) a 
CMS Interest Rate, (D) a Spread Interest Rate, (E) a Relevant Spread Rate or 
(F) a Spread Reference Rate; or  
(ii) 
the Underlying Closing Level of an FX Rate, 
in each case, on the relevant Lock-in Determination Date. 
In relation to each Reference Rate (including the Lock-in Reference Observation 
and/or the Lock-in Barrier (and/or any Lock-in Specified Rate)), depending on which 
one of paragraph (i) (A), (B), (C), (D), (E) or (F) above is specified in relation to such 
Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such Reference 
Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including for any Lock-in 
Determination Date, the Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Spread Securities Provisions, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in accordance with the relevant 
provisions for a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, Spread 
Interest Rate, Relevant Spread Rate or Spread Reference Rate (or any combination of 
the foregoing), in each case, as contained in the Conditions. 
The Lock-in Barrier may also be the sum of more than one rate (each a "Lock-in 
Specified Rate") or one rate less another rate (each a "Lock-in Specified Rate"). 
In relation to each Reference Rate, such rate shall be a "Rate" for the purposes of the 
Conditions and in particular Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 (Underlying 
Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for Securities other than Underlying 
Linked Securities) and Underlying Schedule 12 (Rate Conditions). For the avoidance 
of doubt, where the Reference Rate (including the Lock-in Reference Observation 
and/or the Lock-in Barrier (and/or any Lock-in Specified Rate)) is to be determined by 
reference to either the relevant provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate or CMS 
Interest Rate, all fallback provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest 
Rate or Spread Interest Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions shall also apply in relation to the determination of such 
Reference Rate(s), as applicable.  
In relation to each FX Rate, such rate shall be a "FX Rate" for the purposes of the 
Conditions and in particular Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 (Underlying 
Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for Securities other than Underlying 
Linked Securities) and Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions), the applicable 
Issue Terms will specify in relation to such FX Rate, all the relevant terms for such FX 
Rate, including the Lock-in Determination Date and any terms required for the 
purposes of the FX Rate Conditions, in each case, as contained in the Conditions. 
(e) 
Lock-in Determination Date 
In respect of any Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier (other than a Lock-
in Barrier which is a fixed rate), the relevant "Lock-in Determination Date" shall be 
the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Specified Lock-in 
Determination Date") or, if such day is not a Scheduled Determination Date or is a 
Lock-in Determination Disrupted Day for such Lock-in Reference Observation or 
Lock-in Barrier, as applicable, the Lock-in Determination Date shall be:  
(i) 
If "Preceding Determination" is specified as the Determination Date 
Valuation Method for the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in 
Barrier in the applicable Issue Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Determination Date for such Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in 
Barrier which is not a Lock-in Determination Disrupted Day for such Lock-
in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier; or

--- Page 1251 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1225 
 
(ii) 
if "Succeeding Determination" is specified as the Determination Date 
Valuation Method for the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in 
Barrier in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(1) 
where the Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in 
Barrier, as the case may be, is comprised of one of more 
Reference Rates, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Determination 
Date 
for 
such 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation or Lock-in Barrier which is not a Lock-in 
Determination Disrupted Day for such Lock-in Reference 
Observation or Lock-in Barrier, PROVIDED THAT, if the 
relevant Reference Rate has not been determined prior to 
the day falling two Business Days prior to the scheduled 
date for payment of the relevant amount, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant Reference Rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate; or 
(2) 
where the Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in 
Barrier, as the case may be, is an FX Rate, the provisions 
of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 (Underlying 
Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for 
Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities) and 
Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions) shall apply. 
Each such Lock-in Determination Date shall be deemed to be (i) in respect of a 
Reference Rate, an Interest Determination Date for the purposes of Underlying 
Schedule 13 (Rate Conditions), Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.2 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Securities), 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities) and 4.6 (Spread 
Securities) and Valuation and Settlement Condition 9 (Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) and/or (ii) in respect of an FX Rate, a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions). 
(f) 
Definitions 
"Lock-in Barrier n" means each Lock-in Barrier (where n = 1 … k) specified for the 
relevant Lock-in Condition n in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Lock-in Condition n" means, the Lock-in Condition determined by reference to the 
corresponding Lock-in Reference Observation n and Lock-in Barrier n, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Lock-in Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Lock-in Determination Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Lock-in Reference 
Observation: 
(i) 
where the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation is comprised of one or 
more Reference Rates, a Disrupted Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 
12 (Rate Conditions)) for any of the Reference Rates comprising such Lock-
in Reference Observation; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation is comprised of an FX 
Rate, a Disrupted Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate 
Conditions)) for such FX Rate. 
"Lock-in Event" means, in respect of a Lock-in Determination Date, the satisfaction 
of the relevant Lock-in Condition on such Lock-in Determination Date.  
"Lock-in Event n" means, in respect of a Lock-in Determination Date, the satisfaction 
of the corresponding Lock-in Condition n (where n = 1 … k) on such Lock-in 
Determination Date.

--- Page 1252 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1226 
 
"Lock-in Reference Observation n" means each Lock-in Reference Observation 
(where n = 1 … k) specified for the relevant Lock-in Condition n in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Determination Date" means, in respect of a Lock-in Reference 
Observation: 
(i) 
where the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation is comprised of one or 
more Reference Rates, a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in Underlying 
Schedule 12 (Rate Conditions) for all the Reference Rates comprising such 
Lock-in Reference Observation; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation is comprised of an FX 
Rate, a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 9 (FX 
Rate Conditions) for such FX Rate. 
4.25 
Multiple Interest Basis 
If "Multiple Interest Basis" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to one or more Interest Periods (each a "MIB Interest Period") or Interest Payment Dates (each 
a "MIB Interest Payment Date"), then the Securities shall have more than one interest basis 
applicable to each MIB Interest Period(s) and/or MIB Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and each Interest Amount shall be separately determined (including, but 
not limited to, for the purposes of determining any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest 
Rate) and paid in accordance with the relevant Valuation and Settlement Condition, and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, references in the 
Conditions to "accrued interest" shall be deemed to be references to interest accrued pursuant 
to all the interest bases applicable to the relevant Interest Period. 
4.26 
Interest Rollup 
If "Interest Rollup" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, all Interest Amounts accrued and calculated in 
respect of each Interest Period during the term of the Securities shall be aggregated and shall 
not be paid until (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) where (a) a Mandatory Early Redemption Event is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption Event occurs or 
(b) where Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions are specified as applicable and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event, a Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event or a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Lower Barrier Event occurs, the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date, or (iii) if the Securities are otherwise redeemed early and separate amounts in respect of 
accrued interest are specified to be payable on early redemption or the Early Termination 
Amount is defined to include an amount of accrued interest separate from any amounts in 
respect of principal or any option or interest on any option, the date of early redemption.  For 
the avoidance of doubt, no additional interest shall accrue in respect of Interest Amounts accrued 
and calculated in respect of prior Interest Periods. 
4.27 
Zero Coupon Securities 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Zero Coupon Securities Provisions to be applicable to 
the Securities (the "Zero Coupon Securities") and subject as provided in Underlying Schedule 
14 (Credit Linked Conditions), then the Securities will not bear or pay any interest. The Early 
Termination Amount in respect of each Security will be the Amortised Face Amount, as further 
described in General Condition 6(e)(v) (Early Termination Amount) unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
4.28 
Definitions 
The following definitions apply in respect of all Securities, as relevant: 
"CMS Interest Rate" means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant 
day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities).

--- Page 1253 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1227 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Security for any period of time, whether or not constituting an Interest Period (the "Calculation 
Period"):  
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities where the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities where the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Calculation Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (y) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a payment falling in 
a leap year, 366; 
(e) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(f) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Fixed Rate Securities, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period (such number of days being calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(g) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y 2 -  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 1254 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1228 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(h) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 -  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - 1)] + (D2 - 1)
360
here: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number is 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(i) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 -  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number is 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and

--- Page 1255 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1229 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number is 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(j) 
if "Australian Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, one divided by 
the number of Interest Period End Dates in a year (or where the Calculation Period 
does not constitute an Interest Period, "Actual/Actual" as defined in sub paragraph (ii) 
above; 
(k) 
if 1/1 is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 1; 
(l) 
if Calculation/252 is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of 
Calculation Days in the Calculation Period divided by 252, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
𝑫𝑪𝑫𝒑
252  
where:  
Calculation Days or DVD is the number of Business Days in the Calculation Period; or 
(m) 
if RBA Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Periods are three months in length (excluding any shorter 
or longer first and last Calculation Period), 0.25, except that if the first 
Calculation Period or the last Calculation Period is less than three months, 
"Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that Calculation Period; 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Periods are six months in length (excluding any shorter or 
longer first and last Calculation Period), 0.5, except that if the first Calculation 
Period or the last Calculation Period is less than six months, 
"Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that Calculation Period; and 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Periods are twelve months in length (excluding any shorter 
or longer first and last Calculation Period), 1, except that if the first 
Calculation Period or the last Calculation Period is less than twelve months, 
"Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that Calculation Period. 
"Designated Maturity" means (i) for the purposes of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, 
a period of time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS 
Reference Rate and (ii) for any other purposes, a period of time specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Determination Agent" means the Calculation Agent or such other entity appointed by the 
Issuer and specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or any successor or replacement 
entity appointed by the Issuer from time to time. 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date). 
"Final Interest Period End Date" means, for the purposes of calculating interest in respect of 
any Interest Period, the date an Interest Period ends on but excludes. 
"Fixed Interest Rate" means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period and/or such 
Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities).

--- Page 1256 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1230 
 
"Floating Interest Rate" means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period and/or any 
relevant day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
"Interest Basis Table" means a table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Securities (the "Issue Date") 
or such other date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the Securities have 
more than one interest basis, an Interest Commencement Date will be specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of each such interest basis. 
"Interest Determination Date" means:  
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(A) 
"Daily Rate Determination" to be applicable, in respect of a Reference Rate 
for any relevant day, the Interest Determination Date shall be such relevant 
day; or 
(B) 
"Periodic Rate Determination" to be applicable, in respect a Reference Rate 
for any relevant day, the Interest Determination Date shall be any date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.28 (Definitions)": 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is (i) (a) the SONIA Floating Rate, the fifth London 
Banking Day prior to the end of each Interest Period, or (b) the SONIA Index 
Floating Rate, the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End Date, or (ii) (a) the SOFR 
Floating Rate (except where "SOFR OIS Compounding" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, in relation to which 
paragraph (iii) below shall apply), the Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or (b) the SOFR 
Index Floating Rate, the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End Date; 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the second T2 Business Day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period; 
(C) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), the 
second day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Stockholm 
prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(D) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), the 
second day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo prior to 
the start of each Interest Period; 
(E) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (CIBOR), the 
first day of each Interest Period; 
(F) 
if the Reference Rate is the Romanian interbank offered rate (ROBOR), the 
second day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Bucharest 
prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(G) 
if the Reference Rate is the Tokyo interbank offered rate (TIBOR), the second 
day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo prior to the start of 
each Interest Period;

--- Page 1257 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1231 
 
(H) 
if the Reference Rate is the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (HIBOR), the 
first day of each Interest Period; 
(I) 
if the Reference Rate is the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate (BBSW), the first 
day of each Interest Period; or 
(J) 
if the Reference Rate is the New Zealand Bank Bill reference rate (BKBM), 
the first day of each Interest Period; or 
(iii) 
if SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating Rate Determination or SARON 
Floating Rate Determination applies and the Compounding Method is specified to be 
SOFR OIS Compounding, €STR OIS Compounding or SARON OIS Compounding 
(as applicable) in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Period End Date falling at 
the end of the relevant Interest Period (or such other date or dates, if any, specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms) PROVIDED THAT, in any such case, where such 
Compounding Method applies to the final Interest Period prior to the redemption of 
the Securities, the Interest Determination Date with respect to such final Interest Period 
will be the SOFR Reference Rate Cut-Off Date, the €STR Reference Rate Cut-Off 
Date or SARON Reference Rate Cut-Off Date, respectively,  
or the date otherwise defined in these Terms and Conditions or specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and, where the applicable Issue Terms specify one or more Reference Rates for an 
Interest Period or a relevant day or different Reference Rates for different Interest Periods or 
days, the Interest Determination Date will be construed in respect of each Reference Rate for 
each Interest Period or day. 
"Interest Participation Rate" means, in respect of any Interest Rate or Reference Rate (each a 
"Relevant Rate") for a relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or for an Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date, the amount or percentage rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Relevant Rate for such day 
and/or such Interest Period, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
amount or percentage rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Interest 
Participation Rate" in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified 
in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on which such Interest Period End Date is 
scheduled to fall, PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Interest Participation 
Rate to be not applicable, it shall be deemed to be equal to one. Where the applicable Issue 
Terms specify more than one Interest Participation Rate for different Relevant Rates, the Interest 
Participation Rate will be construed to apply to each Relevant Rate for each relevant day 
(including an Interest Payment Date) and/or each Interest Period. 
"Interest Payment Date" means:  
(i) 
if SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating Rate Determination or SARON 
Floating Rate Determination applies and the Compounding Method is specified to be 
SOFR OIS Compounding, €STR OIS Compounding or SARON OIS Compounding 
(as applicable) in the applicable Issue Terms, and "Delayed Payment" also applies: 
(A) 
the date that is the number of Delayed Interest Payment Dates falling after the 
relevant Interest Period End Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
or  
(B) 
if Delayed Interest Payment Dates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "As specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.28 (Definitions)": 
(a) in respect of SOFR, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days, (b) 
in respect of €STR, two T2 Business Days and (c) in respect of SARON, two 
Zurich Banking Days after the relevant Interest Period End Date,  
PROVIDED THAT, in each case, the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final 
Interest Period will be the Maturity Date or other date for redemption of the relevant 
Securities; or

--- Page 1258 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1232 
 
(ii) 
if ISDA Determination and OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging applies and 
"Delayed Payment" also applies,  
(A) 
the date that is the number of Delayed Interest Payment Dates falling after the 
relevant Interest Period End Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
or  
(B) 
if Delayed Interest Payment Dates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "As specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.28 (Definitions)": 
(a) in respect of SOFR, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days, (b) 
in respect of €STR, two T2 Business Days and (c) in respect of SARON, two 
Zurich Banking Days after the relevant Interest Period End Date,   
PROVIDED THAT the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Period 
will be the Maturity Date or other date for redemption of the relevant Securities; or 
(iii) 
if a Specified Period is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each date which falls 
the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable 
Issue Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, the Interest Commencement Date; or 
(iv) 
otherwise, the date(s) in each year specified as Interest Payment Date(s) in the 
applicable Issue Terms, 
or otherwise, shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next succeeding Interest Period End Date or the relevant payment date if the Securities are 
redeemed early other than on a scheduled date for redemption.  
"Interest Period End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if none is so specified, each Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Rate" means (i) the Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) the Floating Interest Rate, (iii) the CMS 
Interest Rate or (iv) any other rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Securities and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the provisions, herein 
or specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and where more than one Interest Rate is so specified, 
the Interest Rate shall be the rate specified in respect of the relevant Interest Period and/or 
Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Margin" means, in respect of any Interest Rate or Reference Rate (each a "Relevant Rate") 
for a relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or for an Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) an Interest Period End Date, the percentage rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Relevant Rate for such day and/or such Interest Period, 
which shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign (PROVIDED THAT if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify Margin to be not applicable in respect of such Relevant Rate, it 
shall be deemed to be equal to zero), or if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, 
each percentage rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Margin" (which shall 
be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign) in the row corresponding to such day 
or corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on which 
such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. Where the applicable Issue Terms specify 
more than one Margin for different Relevant Rates, the Margin will be construed to apply to 
each Relevant Rate for each relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or each 
Interest Period.

--- Page 1259 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1233 
 
"Maximum Interest Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Maximum Interest Rate" in 
the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled 
"Interest Period End Date(s)") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall, 
provided in respect of Securities which are New York Law Securities, the Maximum Interest 
Rate shall be subject to the usury limits permitted by the law of the State of New York.  
"Maximum Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Maximum Reference Rate" 
in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column 
entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Minimum Interest Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Minimum Interest Rate" in 
the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled 
"Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Minimum Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Minimum Reference Rate" 
in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column 
entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Page" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, such display page as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms for the purpose of providing a Reference Rate, or (i) any successor 
display page, other published source, information vendor or provider that has been officially 
designated by the sponsor of the original display page or (ii) if the sponsor has not officially 
designated a successor display page, other published source, information vendor or provider (as 
the case may be), the successor display page, other published source, information vendor or 
provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different from the 
sponsor). 
"Rate Table" means a table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Currency" means, in the case of the determination of a CMS Reference Rate, the 
currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS Reference 
Rate. 
"Reference Rate" shall be as defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9.3 (Certain 
Defined Terms). 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.28 (Definitions)", (a) Brussels, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, (b) Stockholm, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, (c) Oslo, 
in the case of a determination of NIBOR, (d) Copenhagen, in the case of a determination of 
CIBOR, (e) Bucharest, in the case of a determination in ROBOR, (f) Tokyo, in the case of a 
determination of TIBOR, (g) Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR, (h) Sydney, 
in the case of a determination of BBSW and (i) Wellington, in the case of a determination of 
BKBM, or (ii) such other centre as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1260 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1234 
 
"Specified Time" means (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.28 (Definitions)", (a) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (b) in 
the case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (c) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 noon, (d) in the case of CIBOR, 
11.00 a.m., (e) in the case of ROBOR, 11.00 a.m., (f) in the case of TIBOR, 12.50 p.m., (g) in 
the case of HIBOR, 11.15 a.m., (h) in the case of BBSW, 12.00 noon or (i) in the case of BKBM, 
11.00 a.m., in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre, or (ii) the time in the place specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day except a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
4.29 
Certificates and Notes – interpretation 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Securities are Certificates, each reference in this Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4 (Provisions relating to Interest) to "interest", "Interest Payment 
Date", "Interest Period", "Interest Rate" and "Interest Underlying" (and related expressions) 
shall be construed to be to, respectively, "coupon amount", "Coupon Payment Date", "Coupon 
Period", "Coupon Rate" and "Coupon Underlying". 
In the case of Notes, references to a "Security" are references to a "Note representing a principal 
amount thereof equal to the Calculation Amount". All related expressions herein or in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement, any Global Security and any Securities in definitive form shall be construed 
accordingly. 
5. 
Provisions relating to Mandatory Early Redemption 
(a) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Event 
If "Mandatory Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption Event occurs, then for the purposes 
of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.7 (Mandatory Early Redemption Event), each 
Security will be redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, the amount specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Condition" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, whichever of Rollerball MER Condition or TARN MER Condition 
is specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Securities, any other condition specified as such for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Event" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, the satisfaction of the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Condition. 
(b) 
Rollerball MER Condition 
(i) 
Satisfaction of the MER Condition 
"Rollerball MER Condition" means (and shall be deemed to be satisfied), 
in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, if the Rollerball Reference 
Observation on the relevant MER Determination Date is:

--- Page 1261 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1235 
 
(A) 
if "Greater than the Rollerball Barrier" is specified under Rollerball 
Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than the 
Rollerball Barrier; 
(B) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Rollerball Barrier" is specified under 
Rollerball Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, greater 
than or equal to the Rollerball Barrier; 
(C) 
if "Less than the Rollerball Barrier" is specified under Rollerball 
Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, less than the 
Rollerball Barrier; or 
(D) 
if "Less than or equal to the Rollerball Barrier" is specified under 
Rollerball Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, less than 
or equal to the Rollerball Barrier, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided 
herein. 
(ii) 
Determination of Rollerball Reference Observation and Rollerball Barrier 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular in the case of paragraph 
(A) below, Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Securities), 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities), 4.3 (Interest on CMS 
Rate Securities) and 4.6 (Spread Securities), the "Rollerball Reference 
Observation" and the "Rollerball Barrier" (including each Rollerball 
Specified Rate (as defined below)) shall each be specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and may be either: 
(A) 
a "Reference Rate" and the applicable Issue Terms will specify 
whether such Reference Rate is: (I) a fixed rate (in the case of the 
Rollerball Barrier only), (II) a Floating Interest Rate and whether 
Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination will apply: (III) 
a CMS Interest Rate, (IV) a Spread Interest Rate, (V) a Relevant 
Spread Rate or (VI) a Spread Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
the Underlying Closing Level of an FX Rate, 
in each case, on the relevant on the MER Determination Date. 
The Rollerball Barrier may also be the sum of more than one Reference Rate 
(each a "Rollerball Specified Rate") or one Reference Rate less another 
Reference Rate (each a "Rollerball Specified Rate"). 
In relation to each Reference Rate (including the Rollerball Reference 
Observation and/or the Rollerball Barrier (and/or any Rollerball Specified 
Rate)), depending on which one of (A) (I), (II), (III), (IV), (V) or (VI) above 
is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will 
specify in relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such 
Reference Rate, including each MER Determination Date, any Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Spread Securities Provisions, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in 
accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread Rate 
or Spread Reference Rate (or any combination of the foregoing), in each case, 
as contained in the Conditions.  
In relation to each Reference Rate, such rate shall be a "Rate" for the purposes 
of the Conditions and in particular Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 
(Underlying Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for Securities 
other than Underlying Linked Securities) and Underlying Schedule 12 (Rate 
Conditions). For the avoidance of doubt, where the Reference Rate (including

--- Page 1262 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1236 
 
the Rollerball Reference Observation and/or the Rollerball Barrier (and/or 
any Rollerball Specified Rate)) is to be determined by reference to either the 
relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, all 
fallback provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, 
as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions shall 
also apply in relation to the determination of such Reference Rate(s), as 
applicable.  
In relation to each FX Rate, such rate shall be a "FX Rate" for the purposes 
of the Conditions and in particular Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 
(Underlying Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for Securities 
other than Underlying Linked Securities) and Underlying Schedule 9 (FX 
Rate Conditions)), the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such 
FX Rate, all the relevant terms for such FX Rate, including each MER 
Determination Date (which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the 
purposes of Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions)) and any terms 
required for the purposes of the FX Rate Conditions, in each case, as 
contained in the Conditions.  
A different Rollerball Reference Observation and/or Rollerball Barrier may 
apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
MER Determination Date 
In respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date and any Rollerball 
Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier (other than a Rollerball Barrier 
which is a fixed rate) relating to such Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the 
relevant MER Determination Date shall be the date specified as such for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the applicable Issue Terms (the 
"Specified MER Determination Date") or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Determination Date or is a Rollerball Determination Disrupted Day for such 
Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier, as applicable, the 
MER Determination Date shall be:  
(A) 
if "Preceding Determination" is specified as the Determination Date 
Valuation Method for the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation 
or Rollerball Barrier in the applicable Issue Terms, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Determination Date for such Rollerball 
Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier (other than a Rollerball 
Barrier which is a fixed rate) which is not a Rollerball Determination 
Disrupted Day for such Rollerball Reference Observation or 
Rollerball Barrier; or 
(B) 
if "Succeeding Determination" is specified as the Determination 
Date Valuation Method for the relevant Rollerball Reference 
Observation or Rollerball Barrier in the applicable Issue Terms,  
(a) 
where the Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball 
Barrier, as the case may be, is comprised of one or more 
Reference Rates, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Determination Date for such Rollerball Reference 
Observation or Rollerball Barrier which is not a Rollerball 
Determination Disrupted Day for such Rollerball 
Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier, PROVIDED 
THAT, if the relevant Reference Rate has not been 
determined prior to the day falling two Business Days prior 
to the scheduled date for payment of the relevant amount, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
Reference Rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it deems appropriate; or

--- Page 1263 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1237 
 
(b) 
where the Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball 
Barrier, as the case may be, is an FX Rate, the provisions 
of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 (Underlying 
Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for 
Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities) and 
Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions) shall apply. 
Each such MER Determination Date shall be deemed to be (i) in respect of a 
Reference Rate, an Interest Determination Date for the purposes of 
Underlying Schedule 12 (Rate Conditions), Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities), 4.3 (Interest on CMS 
Rate Securities) and 4.6 (Spread Securities) and Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 9 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) and/or (ii) in respect of an FX 
Rate, a Valuation Date for the purposes of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2 (Underlying Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for 
Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities) and Underlying Schedule 
9 (FX Rate Conditions). 
(iv) 
Definitions 
"Rollerball Determination Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Rollerball 
Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier: 
(i) 
where the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball 
Barrier is comprised of one or more Reference Rates, a Disrupted 
Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 12 (Rate Conditions)) for 
any of the Reference Rates comprising such Rollerball Reference 
Observation or Rollerball Barrier, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball 
Barrier is comprised of an FX Rate, a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions)) for such FX Rate. 
"Scheduled Determination Date" means, in respect of a Rollerball 
Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier: 
(i) 
where the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball 
Barrier is comprised of one or more Reference Rates, a Scheduled 
Trading Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 12 (Rate Conditions) 
for all the Reference Rates comprising such Rollerball Reference 
Observation or Rollerball Barrier, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball 
Barrier is comprised of an FX Rate, a Scheduled Trading Day (as 
defined in Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions)) for such FX 
Rate. 
(c) 
TARN MER Condition 
"TARN MER Condition" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, 
the sum of the interest payable in respect of the Interest Payment Date falling on or 
about such Mandatory Early Redemption Date and (ii) each Interest Payment Date 
falling prior to such Mandatory Early Redemption Date, other than any Excluded 
Interest Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms, is equal to or greater than the 
relevant TARN Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
A different TARN Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1264 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1238 
 
6. 
Provisions relating to Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.8(a)(i)(C), where the Securities are 
not specified to be Preference Share Linked Securities and Redemption Barrier Event is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the Securities are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be DIR Inflation Linked Redemption Securities, Lock-in Redemption 
Securities, Rate Linked Redemption Securities or Interest Linked Redemption Securities, the 
Securities will be redeemed at the Redemption Amount determined in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 6 (Provisions relating to Redemption Amounts). 
(a) 
DIR Inflation Linked Redemption 
Where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be DIR Inflation 
Linked Securities and the Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be the DIR Inflation Linked Redemption Amount, each Security shall be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount determined by reference to the following 
formula, PROVIDED THAT the Redemption Amount is subject to, in each case if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a minimum of the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and a maximum of the Maximum Redemption Amount: 
Calculation Amount  × (DIR Index Ratio + Margin)
×  Redemption Participation Rate 
where: 
"Base Index Figure" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"DIR Index" means any Underlying which is an Inflation Index and is designated as 
the DIR Index in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"DIR Index Figure" means, for the purposes of calculating the Redemption Amount, 
a figure calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Index Month X
+
(Day of Maturity Date −1)
Days in month of Maturity Date × (Index Month Y −Index Month X) 
"DIR Index Ratio" for the purposes of calculating the Redemption Amount means the 
DIR Index Figure divided by the Base Index Figure. 
"Index Month X" means the Underlying Closing Level of the DIR Index for the month 
that is the number of calendar months prior to the month in which the Maturity Date 
falls, such number being as specified under Index Month X in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date for the purpose of, 
and subject to adjustment as provided in, the Conditions. 
"Index Month Y" means the Underlying Closing Level of the DIR Index for the month 
that is the number of calendar months prior to the month in which the Maturity Date 
falls, such number being as specified under Index Month Y in the applicable Issue 
Terms and which shall be the month falling one month after Index Month X. Such date 
shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date for the purpose of, and subject to 
adjustment as provided in, the Conditions. 
"Margin means the percentage rate (which may be positive or negative) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1265 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1239 
 
"Redemption Participation Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, where "Not Applicable" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Redemption Participation Rate shall be 100 per cent.. 
(b) 
Lock-in Redemption Securities 
Where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Lock-in 
Redemption Securities and the Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be the Lock-in Redemption Amount, each Security shall be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at an amount determined by reference to the following: 
(i) 
if one or more Lock-in Event(s) (as defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.24(c) (Lock-in Change of Interest Basis)) have occurred, the 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x Relevant Lock-in Percentage; or 
(ii) 
if no Lock-in Event has occurred and: 
(A) 
the Lock-in Final Level is less than or equal to the Lock-in 
Redemption Barrier, the Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Security shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x Relevant Percentage; or 
(B) 
the Lock-in Final Level is greater than the Lock-in Redemption 
Barrier, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Security shall be 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount x Lock in Performance x RPR, 
PROVIDED THAT the Redemption Amount is subject to, if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a minimum of the Minimum Redemption Amount and a maximum of the 
Maximum Redemption Amount. 
Where: 
"Lock-in Final Level" means, in respect of the Underlying, the Underlying Closing 
Level of the Underlying on the Specified Lock-in Final Valuation Date. 
"Lock-in Performance" means, in respect of the Underlying, an amount expressed as 
a percentage and determined by reference to the following formula: 
Lock-in Strike Level
Lock-in Final Level  
"Lock-in Redemption Barrier" means the rate specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Lock-in Strike Level" means, in respect of the Underlying, the amount specified for 
the Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Participation Rate" or "RPR" means the percentage rate (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, where "Not 
Applicable" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Redemption Participation 
Rate shall be 100 per cent..

--- Page 1266 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1240 
 
"Relevant Lock-in Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Percentage means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Specified Lock-in Final Valuation Date" means the final Lock-in Determination 
Date determined in accordance with the provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.24(c) (Lock-in Change of Interest Basis). 
(c) 
Rate Linked Redemption Securities 
Where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Rate Linked 
Redemption Securities and the Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be the Rate Linked Redemption Amount, each Security shall be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at an amount determined by reference to the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x [100% + {Lev x (RL Final Level + Margin)}] 
PROVIDED THAT the Redemption Amount is subject to, if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a minimum of the Minimum Redemption Amount and a maximum of the 
Maximum Redemption Amount. 
Where: 
"Lev" means the leverage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED 
THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Lev is Not Applicable, Lev shall be 
100 per cent.. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Margin" means the percentage rate (which may be positive or negative) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms 
specifies that Margin is Not Applicable, Margin shall be 0 (zero) per cent..  
"Minimum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Rate" means the Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Redemption Rate UCL" means, in respect of the Redemption Rate and the RL 
Valuation Date, the Underlying Closing Level for such Underlying in respect of the 
RL Valuation Date. 
"Redemption Rate 1 means the Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Redemption Rate 1 UCL" or "RR1 UCL" means, in respect of Redemption Rate 1 
and the RL Valuation Date, the Underlying Closing Level for such Underlying in 
respect of the RL Valuation Date. 
"Redemption Rate 2" means the Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Redemption Rate 2 UCL" or "RR2 UCL" means, in respect of Redemption Rate 2 
and the RL Valuation Date, the Underlying Closing Level for such Underlying in 
respect of the RL Valuation Date. 
"RL Final Level" means, in respect of the RL Valuation Date, a percentage (which 
may be positive, zero or negative) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following:

--- Page 1267 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1241 
 
(i) 
where "Single Rate" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Rate UCL; or 
(ii) 
where "Spread Rate" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
RR1 UCL – RR2 UCL. 
"RL Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and subject as set out below, 
the date specified as the "Specified RL Valuation Date" in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Such date shall be a Specified Valuation Date for the purposes of the Conditions and 
shall be adjusted as set out in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(d) 
Interest Linked Redemption Securities 
Where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Interest Linked 
Redemption Securities and the Redemption Amount of the Securities is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be the Interest Linked Redemption Amount, each 
Security shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount determined by reference 
to the following formula: 
Calculation Amount + SumAIA 
PROVIDED THAT the Redemption Amount is subject to, if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a minimum of the Minimum Redemption Amount and a maximum of the 
Maximum Redemption Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Securities are Global Interest Floor Securities, the 
Redemption Amount cannot be specified to be the Interest Linked Redemption 
Amount. 
Where: 
"AIA" or "Actual Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
Interest Amount determined in respect of each Security and such Interest Period in 
accordance with the Valuation and Settlement Condition relating to the Actual Interest 
Amount (the "AIA Valuation and Settlement Schedule"). Each Actual Interest 
Amount shall be determined as provided in the applicable Issue Terms and the AIA 
Valuation and Settlement Condition. However, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Conditions, no Interest Amount shall be payable in respect of the 
Securities on any Interest Payment Date and the Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. In respect of an Interest Amount, the Minimum Interest Amount shall be 
deemed to be 'Not Applicable'. 
"SumAIA" means the sum of the AIA determined in respect of each Interest Period 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero). 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Redemption Reserve Securities 
Where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Redemption 
Reserve Securities and the Redemption Amount of the Securities is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be the Redemption Reserve Amount, each Security shall be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount determined by reference to the following 
formula:

--- Page 1268 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1242 
 
(i) 
where "Relevant Redemption Option" is specified to be Option 1 or Option 2 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x (100% + Redemption Reserve Amount); or 
(ii) 
where "Relevant Option" is specified to be Option 3 in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount x (100% – Redemption Reserve Amount), 
PROVIDED THAT the Redemption Amount is subject to, if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a minimum of the Minimum Redemption Amount and a maximum of the 
Maximum Redemption Amount and provided further that, Redemption Reserve 
Securities may only also be Reserve Coupon Securities. 
Where: 
"Redemption Reserve Amount" means: 
(i) 
where "Relevant Redemption Option" is specified to be Option 1 or Option 3 
in the applicable Issue Terms, TRCn in respect of the final Interest Period 
determined as specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.18 (Reserve 
Coupon Securities) above; or 
(ii) 
where "Relevant Redemption Option" is specified to be Option 2 in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of TRRn in respect of each Interest Period (n) 
in the Remaining Reserve Period. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
7. 
Physical Delivery Securities 
(a) 
This Condition will apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Securities 
are Physical Delivery Securities. If the applicable Issue Terms does not specify that the 
Securities are Physical Delivery Securities, then all references to the Entitlement in the 
General Conditions shall be disregarded. Where the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities and the Entitlement becomes deliverable pursuant to the Conditions 
(including in the case of Certificates which are exercised or deemed exercised): 
(i) 
Where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall, subject to the relevant Securityholder 
duly submitting an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with the provisions 
hereof, deliver the Entitlement in respect of each Security through the 
Relevant Clearing System in accordance with the provisions hereof to the 
relevant Securityholder on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as 
applicable) (or, if such date is not a Settlement Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Settlement Business Day), subject as provided herein; or 
(ii) 
Where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Issuer shall pay the Equivalent Amounts to the Intermediary 
and, subject to the relevant Securityholder duly submitting an Asset Transfer 
Notice in accordance with the provisions hereof, the Issuer shall procure that 
the Intermediary (acting as principal) shall purchase the Entitlement Ratio at 
the Entitlement Price and shall deliver the Entitlement in respect of each 
Security through the Relevant Clearing System in accordance with the 
provisions hereof to the relevant Securityholder on the Maturity Date or 
Settlement Date (as applicable) (or, if such date is not a Settlement Business 
Day, the immediately succeeding Settlement Business Day), subject as

--- Page 1269 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1243 
 
provided herein. Payment by the Issuer of the Equivalent Amounts to the 
Intermediary and procuring delivery of the Entitlement by the 
Intermediary shall fully discharge the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
the Securities. Whenever pursuant to the Conditions, the Intermediary is 
expressed to be making delivery to a holder, such holder will be deemed 
to have instructed the Intermediary as its agent to purchase the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement and make such delivery to it.  
THIS CONDITION ONLY APPLIES TO SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY A 
GLOBAL 
SECURITY 
HELD 
ON 
BEHALF 
OF 
EUROCLEAR 
AND 
CLEARSTREAM, LUXEMBOURG OR DTC. IF THE SECURITIES ARE ISSUED 
IN DEFINITIVE FORM THE ISSUER SHALL MAKE SUCH CHANGES TO THIS 
PROVISION AS IT DEEMS APPROPRIATE AND SHALL GIVE NOTICE TO THE 
HOLDERS IN ACCORDANCE WITH GENERAL CONDITION 15. 
(A) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement(s) in respect of any Security, the 
relevant holder must deliver a duly completed asset transfer notice (an Asset 
Transfer Notice) in the form set out in the Fiscal Agency Agreement (x) in 
respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy to 
the Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary, or (y) in respect 
of Securities cleared through DTC, to the Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement 
via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Intermediary, not later than 10.00 a.m. (local time) on the date (the "Cut-off 
Date") falling three Business Days prior to the Maturity Date or Settlement 
Date (as applicable) (as defined below), in accordance with the provisions set 
out in this Condition. An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered to a 
Relevant Clearing System in such manner as is acceptable to such Relevant 
Clearing System, which (in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) is expected to be by authenticated SWIFT message.  
Notwithstanding that the Securities may in certain circumstances, be 
Cash Settled Securities, in order to receive the Entitlement on the 
Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) (subject as provided in 
the Conditions), Securityholders should complete and deliver an Asset 
Transfer Notice in accordance with the Conditions in any event as it may 
not be known prior to the Cut-off Date whether the Securities will be cash 
settled or whether the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Intermediary will 
deliver the Entitlement. 
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business 
hours from the specified office of each Paying Agent or the Registrar. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(1) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the 
relevant Securityholder and the person from whom the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
may obtain details for the delivery of the Entitlement if delivery is 
to be made otherwise than in the manner specified in this Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule; 
(2) 
specify the Series number of the Securities and the principal amount 
or number of the Securities which are the subject of such notice;

--- Page 1270 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1244 
 
(3) 
specify the number of the Securityholder's securities account at the 
Relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, to be debited with 
such Securities; 
(4) 
in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, irrevocably instruct the relevant clearing system to 
debit the relevant Securityholder's securities account with the 
relevant Securities on or before the Maturity Date or Settlement Date 
(as applicable); 
(5) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and a confirmation that 
the delivery of the Entitlement is subject, inter alia, as provided 
herein and either (1) in respect of Securities cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, an authority to the relevant 
clearing system to debit a specified account of the Securityholder 
with the applicable relevant clearing system in respect thereof and to 
pay such Expenses or (2) in respect of Securities cleared through any 
Relevant Clearing System, an authority to the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
either to deduct from any cash amount owing to the Securityholder 
an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses and to pay on behalf of 
the Securityholder such Expenses or to convert such amount of the 
Relevant Asset(s) due to be delivered to such Securityholder as is 
necessary to pay such Expenses and to pay on behalf of the 
Securityholder such Expenses, as referred to below, and a 
confirmation that delivery of any Entitlement is subject as provided 
below; 
(6) 
include details of the Securityholder's securities account of the 
Relevant Clearing System to be credited with the Entitlement and 
specify the name and number of the Securityholder's account with 
the Relevant Clearing System to be credited with any cash payable 
by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms), either in respect of any cash amount 
constituting (1) the Entitlement or any Fractional Entitlement (if 
applicable) or (2) any dividends relating to the Entitlement or (3) as 
a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and the 
Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) electing to pay the Disruption Cash 
Redemption Amount or (4) as a result of the occurrence of a Failure 
to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) electing to pay 
the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount or (5) as a result of the 
Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) electing to pay the Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount; 
(7) 
certify (i) in respect of Securities represented by a Regulation S 
Global Security, that the beneficial owner of each Security the 
subject of the relevant Asset Transfer Notice is a Permitted Non-U.S. 
Purchaser, the Security is not being redeemed within the United

--- Page 1271 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1245 
 
States or on behalf of a person other than a Permitted Non-U.S. 
Purchaser and no cash, securities or other property have been or will 
be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a person other than a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in 
connection with any redemption thereof, or (ii) in respect of 
Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security, that the 
beneficial owner of each Security the subject of the relevant Asset 
Transfer Notice is a Permitted QIB Purchaser or (iii) in respect of 
Securities represented by a Combined Global Security, that either (a) 
the beneficial owner of each Security the subject of the relevant 
Asset Transfer Notice is a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser, the 
Security is not being redeemed within the United States or on behalf 
of a person other than a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser and no cash, 
securities or other property have been or will be delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a person other 
than a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in connection with any 
redemption thereof, or (b) the beneficial owner of each Security the 
subject of the relevant Asset Transfer Notice is a Permitted QIB 
Purchaser; and 
(8) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
In respect of Securities cleared through DTC, in addition to the submission of 
an Asset Transfer Notice as provided above, each Securityholder (i) may 
irrevocably instruct DTC to debit a specified account of the Securityholder 
with DTC in respect of any Expenses and (ii) shall irrevocably instruct DTC 
to debit the relevant Securityholder's securities account with the relevant 
Securities on or before the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable), 
in each case, in accordance with applicable DTC practice. 
As used above: 
"Expenses" means all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any 
applicable depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer, withholding 
taxes or tax on income profits or gains and/or other costs, duties or taxes 
arising from the delivery of the Entitlement(s). 
"Intermediary" means the entity (if any) specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if no such entity is so specified and Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Verification of the Holder and process to be followed by the Fiscal Agent on 
receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice 
Upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice, (x) in respect of Securities cleared 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant clearing system 
or (y) in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, the Fiscal Agent shall 
verify that the person specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of 
the Securities described therein according to its records. Subject thereto, in 
respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
the relevant clearing system will confirm to the Fiscal Agent the Series 
number and principal amount or number of Securities the subject of such 
notice, the relevant account details and the details for the delivery of the 
Entitlement(s) in respect of each Security the subject of such notice. Upon 
receipt of such confirmation or, in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, 
upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice, the Fiscal Agent will inform the

--- Page 1272 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1246 
 
Issuer and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary thereof. Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, will on or before the Maturity Date 
or Settlement Date (as applicable) debit the securities account of the relevant 
Securityholder with the relevant Securities.  
(C) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly completed 
and in proper form shall be made (x) in respect of Securities cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, by the relevant clearing system in 
consultation with the Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary or (y) 
in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, by the Fiscal Agent and, where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Intermediary, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) and the relevant 
Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Asset Transfer Notice so 
determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or, in respect of Securities 
cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, which is not copied 
to the Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary immediately after 
being delivered or sent to the relevant clearing system, as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 7(a) above, shall be null and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of 
(x) in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the relevant clearing system in consultation with the Fiscal 
Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary or (y) in respect of Securities cleared 
through DTC, the Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary, it shall 
be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time such 
correction was delivered (x) in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the relevant clearing system and the Fiscal 
Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary or (y) in respect of Securities cleared 
through DTC, to the Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary. 
The Fiscal Agent or, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary shall use 
reasonable endeavours promptly to notify the Securityholder submitting an 
Asset Transfer Notice, if it has been determined, as provided above, that such 
Asset Transfer Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence of 
negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the Agents, the 
Calculation Agent, the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) and the Relevant 
Clearing System shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken 
or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the 
notification of such determination to a Securityholder. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the 
Relevant Clearing System (where applicable) or the Fiscal Agent or the 
Intermediary, as the case may be, as provided above. After delivery of an 
Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the 
Securities which are the subject of such notice.

--- Page 1273 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1247 
 
Subject as provided herein and subject to the payment of any Expenses, the 
Entitlement will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Securityholder, in the 
manner provided below on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as 
applicable) (such date, subject to adjustment in accordance with this 
Condition, the "Delivery Date"), PROVIDED THAT the Asset Transfer 
Notice is duly delivered (x) in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the relevant clearing system with a copy to 
the Fiscal Agent and where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary; (y) in respect of 
Securities cleared through DTC, to the Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement 
via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Intermediary, as provided above on or prior to the Cut-off Date. 
If a Securityholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice, as provided herein 
on or prior to the Cut-off Date, then the Entitlement will be delivered as soon 
as practicable after the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) (in 
which case, such date of delivery shall be the Delivery Date) at the risk of 
such Securityholder in the manner provided below. For the avoidance of 
doubt, in such circumstances such Securityholder shall not be entitled to any 
payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a result of such Delivery Date 
falling after the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) and no 
liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the Intermediary (if 
any). 
If a Securityholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided 
herein on or prior to the date falling 180 days after the Cut-off Date, then 
the Issuer's and any Intermediary's obligations in respect of the 
Securities held by such Securityholder for which no Asset Transfer 
Notice has been given shall be discharged and the Issuer and the 
Intermediary (if any) shall have no further liability in respect thereof. 
The Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) shall, at 
the risk of the relevant Securityholder, deliver or procure the delivery of the 
Entitlement for each Security, pursuant to the details specified in the Asset 
Transfer Notice or in such commercially reasonable manner as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine and notify to the person designated by the 
Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. All Expenses arising 
from the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Securities shall be for 
the account of the relevant Securityholder and no delivery of the Entitlement 
shall be made until all Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer 
(where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) by the 
relevant Securityholder. Any such Expenses shall either be: 
(1) 
paid to the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary 
(where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) by such Securityholder prior to the delivery 
of the Entitlement; or 
(2) 
deducted by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) from any cash amount 
owing to such Securityholder and paid by the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)

--- Page 1274 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1248 
 
on behalf of the Securityholder or paid by the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
on behalf of such Securityholder by converting such amount of the 
Relevant Assets due to be delivered as necessary to pay the Expenses, 
as specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. 
If any Expenses are not paid by a Securityholder pursuant to the above, the 
relevant Securityholder shall be deemed to authorise the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) to convert and the Issuer 
or the Intermediary, as applicable, may convert such amount of the Relevant 
Assets due to be delivered into cash sufficient to cover the Expenses in respect 
of the relevant Security from which the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or 
the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms) shall deduct such Expenses. The Issuer's and, 
where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Intermediary's obligations in respect of each Security will be 
satisfied in relation to the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) by 
delivery of the remaining Entitlement in respect of such Security. 
All deliveries will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of delivery. 
(D) 
General 
Subject as provided below, Securities held by the same Securityholder will be 
aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements in 
respect of such Securities, PROVIDED THAT the aggregate Entitlements in 
respect of the same Securityholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole 
Tradeable Amount of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as 
the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. If 
the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Aggregation of Entitlements does 
not apply, the Entitlement in respect of each Security will be rounded down 
to the nearest whole multiple of the Tradeable Amount (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, 
as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Therefore, fractions or numbers of the Relevant Asset or of each of the 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, less than the relevant Tradeable Amount 
(the "Fractional Entitlement") will not be delivered and no cash or other 
adjustment will be made in respect thereof unless "Cash Adjustment" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. If "Cash Adjustment" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) shall pay to the relevant 
Securityholder a cash amount in the Settlement Currency (to be paid at the 
same time as delivery of the Entitlement) equal to the value (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) of such Fractional Entitlement, calculated by 
reference to the Final Reference Level of the Entitlement Underlying 
(converted into the Settlement Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) where relevant by dividing the Final 
Reference Level of the Entitlement Underlying by the applicable FX). 
Following the Delivery Date in respect of a Security where the Entitlement(s) 
includes securities, all dividends and/or other distributions on the relevant

--- Page 1275 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1249 
 
securities to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such 
dividend or distribution according to market practice for a sale of the relevant 
securities executed on the Delivery Date and to be delivered in the same 
manner as such relevant securities. Any such dividends or distributions to be 
paid to a Securityholder will be paid to the account specified by the 
Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred to above. 
If any Entitlement is delivered later than the date on which delivery would 
otherwise have taken place as provided herein, the Issuer (where Settlement 
via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or any person acting on behalf such 
relevant entity shall continue to be the legal owner of the assets comprising 
the Entitlement (the "Intervening Period"). None of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Intermediary or any other person shall 
at any time (A) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any 
Securityholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document 
or, except as provided herein, any payment whatsoever received by that 
person in its capacity as the holder of such assets, (B) be under any obligation 
to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights attaching to such assets or 
(C) be under any liability to a Securityholder in respect of any loss or damage 
which such Securityholder may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly 
or indirectly, of that person being registered during such Intervening Period 
as legal owner of such assets. 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, any 
Intermediary, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Agents shall 
under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of any Relevant 
Clearing System in relation to the performance of its duties in relation to the 
Securities. 
(E) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement using 
the Delivery Method specified in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule or 
such other commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has 
determined is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event 
subsisting on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable), then the 
Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first following Settlement Business 
Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, 
PROVIDED THAT the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary 
(where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms) may elect to deliver the Entitlement using such other 
commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the 
Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or 
the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms) deems appropriate in connection with delivery 
of the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. For the 
avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not 
all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Delivery Date for 
the Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be 
the originally designated Delivery Date. For so long as delivery of the 
Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, 
then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision 
hereof the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) may elect, in lieu of delivering the Entitlement to pay to the relevant 
Securityholder the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount on the fifth Business

--- Page 1276 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1250 
 
Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). Payment 
of the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
15 (Notices). The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) that 
a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred. No Securityholder shall be 
entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Security in the event of any 
delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer 
or any Intermediary.  
For the purposes hereof: 
"Disruption Cash Redemption Amount", in respect of any relevant 
Security, means the fair market value of such Security on a day selected by 
the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) (taking 
into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but not all 
of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and such non-affected 
Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the value of 
such Relevant Assets), less the cost of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Settlement Business Day", in respect of each Security, means a day which 
is a Business Day and a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is open; 
and 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, an event beyond the control of the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or 
the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms) as a result of which the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) cannot make delivery 
of the Relevant Asset(s) using the Delivery Method specified in this Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule.  
(F) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is 
impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant 
Assets (the "Affected Relevant Assets") comprising the Entitlement, where 
such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant 
Assets (a "Failure to Deliver"), then: 
(1) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Conditions, any Relevant Assets 
which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the 
originally designated Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with this Condition; and 
(2) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical 
settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the 
Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may elect, in lieu of delivering the Affected 
Relevant Assets, to pay to the relevant Securityholder the Failure to

--- Page 1277 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1251 
 
Deliver Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day following 
the date that notice of such election is given to the Securityholders 
in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). Payment of the 
Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices). The Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices) that the provisions of this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition apply. 
For the purposes hereof, "Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount" in 
respect of any relevant Security shall be the fair market value of the Affected 
Relevant Assets on a day selected by the Calculation Agent, less the cost of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion). 
(b) 
Issuer's or Intermediary's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount 
The Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) may, in respect of Physical 
Delivery Securities, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Relevant Asset or 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises securities which are not freely tradeable 
and deliverable, elect either (i) to substitute for the Entitlement (or part thereof), an 
equivalent value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of such other securities 
which the Calculation Agent determines are freely tradeable (each a "Substitute 
Asset") or (ii) not to deliver the Entitlement or any Substitute Asset, as the case may 
be, to the relevant Securityholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to each relevant 
Securityholder on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable)of an amount 
equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement (or part thereof) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as it considers 
appropriate (the "Alternate Cash Redemption Amount"). Notification of any such 
election will be given to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices). 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradeable" and deliverable security shall mean (i) with 
respect to the United States, a security which is registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1993, as amended (the "Securities Act") or not restricted under the 
Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of such security and not 
purchased from an affiliate of the issuer of such security or which otherwise meets the 
requirements of a freely tradeable security for purposes of the Securities Act, in each 
case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (ii) with respect to any jurisdiction, a 
security not subject to any other legal or regulatory restrictions on transfer in such 
jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Rights of Securityholders 
The purchase of Securities does not confer on any holder of such Securities any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant 
Asset. 
(d) 
Issuer or Intermediary Option to Vary Settlement in respect of Physical Delivery 
Securities 
In respect of Physical Delivery Securities, the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the

--- Page 1278 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1252 
 
applicable Issue Terms) may, elect not to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement 
to the relevant Securityholders but in lieu thereof to make payment on the Maturity 
Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) to the relevant Securityholders of an amount 
in respect of each Security equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as 
it considers appropriate. Notification of such election will be given to Securityholders 
in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 (Physical Delivery Securities) is not applicable to 
the French Cleared Securities and French Law Securities. 
8. 
Dual Currency Security Provisions  
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Dual Currency Securities Provisions apply, 
then in order to determine amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of the Securities, the 
Calculation Agent shall: 
(a) 
in respect of any payments in respect of the Securities, convert the relevant payment 
amount (as otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions of the General 
Conditions, this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and/or the applicable Issue Terms) 
from the Denomination Currency into the DC Relevant Currency by multiplying or 
dividing (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) such amount by the Dual Currency 
Exchange Rate for the DC Valuation Date relating to the date on which such payment 
is to be made; or 
(b) 
in order to determine any cash amounts due in respect of Physical Delivery Securities, 
convert any such cash amounts due from the Denomination Currency into the DC 
Relevant Currency by multiplying such amount by the Dual Currency Exchange Rate 
for the DC Valuation Date relating to the date on which such delivery is to be made. 
Where: 
"DC Relevant Currency" means the currency in respect of payments and/or deliveries, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Denomination Currency" means the currency of the Security, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Dual Currency Exchange Rate" means any Underlying which is an FX Rate and as is 
designated as the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant payment and/or delivery in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Specified DC Valuation Date" means, in respect of a scheduled Interest Payment Date and/or 
Optional Redemption Date and the Maturity Date (each a "Relevant Date"), the date specified 
as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as 
provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each 
such date, as so adjusted, a "DC Valuation Date". 
9. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 9 shall apply in the circumstances specified in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments). 
9.1 
Reference Rate Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Relevant Agent determines 
that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate, the Relevant Agent 
will:  
(a) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate; and

--- Page 1279 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1253 
 
(b) 
if it identifies a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate: 
(i) 
calculate an Adjustment Spread that will be applied to the Replacement 
Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
determine such other amendments to the Securities which it considers are 
necessary and/or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and 
(iii) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and such other adjustments will become effective in relation to the 
relevant Securities,  
PROVIDED THAT, as an alternative to the procedure described in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) 
above, the Relevant Agent may instead: (A) determine that no Replacement Reference Rate or 
other amendments to the terms of the Securities are required as a result of such Reference Rate 
Event (such determination being a "No Adjustment Determination"); or (B) make such 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate to account 
for the effect of such Reference Rate Event (the "RRE Adjustments"). 
PROVIDED THAT the Relevant Agent has fully determined for purposes of the Securities, as 
applicable, (i) a Replacement Reference Rate and the related timing and amendments to the 
Securities or (ii) the relevant RRE Adjustments, the Relevant Agent shall notify the Issuer of 
such determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the earliest effective 
date for the relevant replacement and amendments or the relevant adjustments, as applicable. 
The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter 
in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). Failure by the Relevant Agent to notify the 
Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Securityholders of any such determination will not 
affect the validity of any such determination. 
Where "Reference Rate Early Termination" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and if: 
(1) 
the Relevant Agent has not made a No Adjustment Determination and the Relevant 
Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to determine any 
RRE Adjustments; or 
(2) 
the Relevant Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
identify a Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(3) 
the Relevant Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
calculate an Adjustment Spread, 
the Issuer may redeem the Securities on a day selected by the Issuer, in which case each Security 
shall be redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount and the 
Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
9.2 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any replacement or amendment having become 
effective pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 9.1 above, the relevant Reference Rate 
is required for any determination in respect of the Securities and at that time, no replacement or 
amendments have occurred in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 9.1 and: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Securities to reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or 
the Relevant Agent to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Securities, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined

--- Page 1280 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1254 
 
pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as if 
no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(b) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable 
law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Relevant Agent for the Securities 
to reference the Reference Rate or for any such entity to use the Reference Rate to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities, the level of the 
Reference Rate shall be determined by the Relevant Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or 
successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) 
substitute or successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate (including any temporary 
substitute or successor rate) or the rate published at the relevant time on the last day on 
which the Reference Rate was published or was permitted to be used in accordance 
with applicable law or regulation (the "Last Permitted Rate") or (b) if it determines 
there is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor 
rate or the use of the Last Permitted Rate would not produce a commercially reasonable 
result, a substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable 
alternative to the Reference Rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). If such 
Reference Rate is determined as any such substituted or successor rate, the Relevant 
Agent may determine such other amendments to the Securities which it considers are 
necessary and/or appropriate in order to reflect the replacement of the Reference Rate 
with such substituted or successor rate. 
(c) 
If the Relevant Agent determines the Reference Rate in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(ii) above only, the Relevant Agent shall notify the Issuer of such determination made 
by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination. The 
Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). Failure by the Relevant 
Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Securityholders of any 
such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
9.3 
Certain Defined Terms 
For the purposes of the above: 
"Adjustment Spread" means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the 
Relevant Agent determines is required in order to reduce any transfer of economic value from 
(i) the Issuer to the Securityholders or (ii) the Securityholders to the Issuer, in each case that 
would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate. Any such adjustment may be an adjustment spread that would be applied for 
over-the-counter derivatives transactions referencing the relevant Reference Rate in relation to 
the occurrence of an index cessation event or administrator/benchmark event in respect of such 
Reference Rate (howsoever described under the terms of the relevant transaction) and/or take 
account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic value as a result of any 
difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to 
the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined 
pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Replacement Reference Rate means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Reference Rate. 
"Interpolated Reference Rate" with respect to the Reference Rate means the rate determined 
for the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Reference Rate 
for the longest period for which the Reference Rate is available that is shorter than the 
Corresponding Tenor and (2) the Reference Rate for the shortest period for which the Reference 
Rate is available that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor.

--- Page 1281 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1255 
 
"Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate means, in respect of the relevant Reference 
Rate, the first of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources or rates specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms that is not subject to a Reference Rate Event. 
"Reference Rate Event" means:  
(i) 
the Relevant Agent determines that (A) a material change in the relevant Reference 
Rate has occurred or will occur, or (B) the permanent or indefinite cancellation or 
cessation in the provision of such Reference Rate has occurred or will occur and there 
is no successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the Reference 
Rate, or (C) a regulator or other official sector entity has prohibited or will prohibit the 
use of or it is otherwise not permitted to use such Reference Rate in respect of the 
Securities or any related hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities which are 
derivative transactions referencing the relevant Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
the Relevant Agent determines that any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in 
respect of the relevant Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the relevant 
Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, 
refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Relevant Agent or any 
other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to 
use the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the 
Securities; 
(iii) 
save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii))" 
is not applicable, the Relevant Agent determines that it is not commercially reasonable 
to continue the use of the relevant Reference Rate in connection with the Securities as 
a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or 
maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the 
Relevant Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue 
or perform its obligations in respect of the Securities and for any reason such licence 
is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the 
cost of obtaining or renewing such licence);  
(iv) 
the Relevant Agent determines that there has been a public statement or publication of 
information by the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, any 
national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for 
either (a) supervising the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (b) 
regulating the Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate 
or another official body with applicable responsibility announcing that such Reference 
Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be representative, of 
any underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is intended to 
measure and that representativeness will not be restored; or 
(v) 
the relevant Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development in the over-
the-counter derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, publication of 
standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is or will 
be replaced with a replacement rate with respect to over-the-counter derivatives 
transactions which reference such Reference Rate. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank for 
the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of those central banks or other supervisors, or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

--- Page 1282 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1256 
 
"Replacement Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an index, benchmark 
or other price source or rate that the Relevant Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable 
alternative for such Reference Rate, PROVIDED THAT the Replacement Reference Rate must 
be any one of the following: 
(i) 
where applicable, the Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the then-current 
Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate;  
(iii) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for 
calculating an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate (which may 
be formally designated, nominated or recommended by (a) any Relevant Nominating 
Body, (b) the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (c) ISDA or any other 
relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee to replace the 
Reference Rate) which is recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard 
replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such 
Reference Rate (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of (a) a 
publication by the relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee, 
or (b) a press release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, 
publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA); or 
(iv) 
an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fallback (which may include, without 
limitation, the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by 
the Relevant Agent or a rate calculated by the Relevant Agent in accordance with a 
methodology determined by the Relevant Agent) that the Relevant Agent  determines 
to be a commercially reasonable alternative for the Reference Rate. 
10. 
Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions 
described below must be applied in the order shown below, in each case where applicable for 
the relevant interest rate and the event or circumstance.  If the first applicable option shown does 
not apply to the relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance then the next option 
set out below which does should be applied. Without limitation, the fallback provisions below 
may be applied in accordance with their terms in relation to any relevant interest rate which 
itself has been previously determined pursuant to these fallback provisions. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 (Redemption or 
adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event) shall apply in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 10.2 (Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) to a Benchmark (whether such Benchmark is an interest rate or otherwise). 
10.1 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
The Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9 
(Reference Rate Event Provisions) shall apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies any 
Reference Rate to be applicable in respect of the Securities. 
For the purposes hereof and of the Reference Rate Event Provisions and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions: 
"Reference Rate" means any interest rate (in each case howsoever described in the Conditions 
and as amended from time to time pursuant to the provisions of the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) and any rate defined or specified as a "Reference Rate" in the Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms (as amended from time to time pursuant to 
the provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions), which may include, without limitation, 
(i) any floating rate determined by reference to (a) Screen Rate Determination, (b) ISDA 
Determination, (c) SONIA Floating Rate Determination, (d) SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination, €STR Floating Rate Determination or (f) SARON Floating Rate Determination, 
(ii) any swap rate, (iii) any Underlying which is a Rate, (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, or (v) a CMS 
Reference Rate and, in each case will, where appropriate and without limitation, include any

--- Page 1283 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1257 
 
related component or underlying rate (including, for the purposes of the 2021 Definitions any 
Underlying Benchmark, as defined therein), tenor or index rate. Where more than one Reference 
Rate is applicable in respect of the Securities, "Reference Rate" shall be construed to refer to 
each such Reference Rate. Where a Reference Rate applies in respect of any relevant period or 
day as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Reference Rate" shall be construed to refer to 
such Reference Rate in respect of the relevant period or day as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
10.2 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event  
The provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 (Redemption or adjustment for 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event) shall apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies any 
Benchmark (as defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3) to be applicable in respect of 
the Securities, PROVIDED THAT the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 9 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) do not apply to the relevant 
Benchmark as a result of the relevant event or circumstance.  
10.3 
Rate Conditions 
The provisions in respect of an Underlying which is a Rate set out in Underlying Schedule 13 
relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on any Scheduled 
Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and the provisions relating to 
the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions (the "Underlying Rate 
Fallback Provisions") shall apply to any such Underlying, PROVIDED THAT neither the 
Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9 (Reference 
Rate Event Provisions) nor the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 
(Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event) apply to the relevant rate 
as a result of the relevant event or circumstance. 
10.4 
Screen Rate Determination and ISDA Determination 
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the SRD 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a) and the ISDA Determination 
provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b) shall apply where Screen Rate 
Determination and/or ISDA Determination (respectively) are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT none of the Reference Rate Event Provisions set 
out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9 (Reference Rate Event Provisions), the provisions 
set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 (Redemption or adjustment for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) and the Rate Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as 
a result of the relevant event or circumstance.  
10.5 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR 
Floating Rate Determination and SARON Floating Rate Determination  
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the SFRD (Non-
Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(i) (Compounded Daily 
SONIA – Non-Index Determination), the SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(ii) (Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination), the SOFR 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(iii) (SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination – Non-availability), the €STR Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(e)(ii) (€STR Floating Rate Determination – Non-availability) and SARON 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(f)(ii) (SARON Floating Rate 
Determination – Non-availability) shall apply where SONIA Floating Rate Determination, 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating Rate Determination or (f) SARON Floating 
Rate Determination are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED 
THAT none of the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 9 (Reference Rate Event Provisions), the provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 3 (Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event) and 
the Rate Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of the relevant event or 
circumstance.

--- Page 1284 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1258 
 
10.6 
Adjustments 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any adjustment spread or 
factor, however defined) which the Relevant Agent determines are necessary or appropriate 
pursuant to the provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 9 (Reference Rate Event Provisions)and the provisions set out in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
3 
(Redemption 
or 
adjustment 
for 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event): 
(a) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market); 
(b) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (i) technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including without limitation, changes to determination dates, 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation or 
observation period of a rate and the related payment dates and other administrative 
matters) that the Relevant Agent decides are appropriate, (ii) the application of any 
adjustment factor or adjustment spread (whether or not expressly referenced in the 
relevant provision and which may be positive or negative) and (iii) (subject to 
compliance with applicable laws and/or regulatory guidance in the relevant jurisdiction) 
adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the 
replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s); and 
(c) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective 
dates, may but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate 
which is determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a 
"risk-free rate" and which, unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, 
will be the relevant rate in relation to the then current and all future determination days. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), the Relevant Agent is not 
obliged to make any adjustment or make any determination in relation to the Conditions if the 
effective date(s) of the relevant adjustment or determination would fall after the earlier of (i) the 
date the affected interest rate or Benchmark is no longer used as an interest rate or Benchmark 
for purposes of the Securities and (ii) the maturity, termination or expiry of the Securities. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), the Issuer 
and/or the Relevant Agent may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions 
in respect of the Securities as are provided for in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, 
Reference Rate Event, Administrator/Benchmark Event, or the occurrence of an event that 
causes the provisions in respect of relevant Underlyings which are Rates set out in Underlying 
Schedule 13 to apply (a "Substitute or Successor Rate Event"), as applicable, notwithstanding 
that such Benchmark Transition Event, Reference Rate Event, Administrator/Benchmark Event 
or Substitute or Successor Rate Event, as applicable, may have occurred before the Issue Date 
of the Securities. 
10.7 
No duty to monitor 
In relation to any relevant rate and for the purposes of applying the provisions referred to in any 
of the paragraphs 10.1 to 10.6 above, inclusive, neither the Issuer nor the Relevant Agent will 
have any duty to monitor or enquire as to whether any relevant event or circumstance in respect 
of any such rate has occurred to which such provisions might apply. 
10.8 
Regulatory obligations 
If (a) it is or would be unlawful or prohibited under any applicable law or regulation to determine 
and calculate a replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in 
accordance with the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement

--- Page 1285 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1259 
 
Condition 9 (Reference Rate Event Provisions), the Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions set out 
in Underlying Schedule 13, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 
(Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event), the SRD Fallback 
Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a) (Screen Rate Determination), the ISDA 
Determination provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b) (ISDA Determination), 
the SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(i) 
(Compounded Daily SONIA – Non-Index Determination) or the SFRD (Index) Fallback 
Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(ii) (Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination), the SOFR Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.2(d)(iii) (SOFR Floating Rate Determination – Non-availability), the €STR Fallback 
Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(e) (€STR Floating Rate Determination – 
Non-availability) and SARON Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.2(f)(ii) (SARON Floating Rate Determination – Non-availability), (each a "Reference Rate 
Fallback Provision") (or it would be unlawful were a determination to be made at that time); 
or (b) it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine a replacement 
interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in accordance with any applicable 
Reference Rate Fallback Provision (or it would contravene those licensing requirements were a 
determination to be made at that time); or (c) the Relevant Agent determines that an adjustment 
spread (however described in the Reference Rate Fallback Provisions) is or would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, methodology or 
governance would subject the Relevant Agent to material additional regulatory obligations 
which it is unwilling to undertake, then the Relevant Agent shall not be obliged to make the 
relevant determination or adjustment and may instead take any alternative action under the 
Conditions as it determines appropriate. 
11. 
Split Payment Conditions 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 11 shall apply where the applicable Issue Terms 
specify Split Payment Conditions to be applicable in respect of the Securities. 
11.1 
Fixed Rate Security (Split Payment Conditions) 
Where each of the Fixed Rate Securities Provisions and Fixed Rate Security (Split Payment 
Conditions) is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the 
Securities, each reference to Calculation Amount used to determine any Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Fixed Rate Security pursuant to the Conditions shall be deemed to be 
replaced with (a) if Fixed Rate Security (Split Payment Conditions) (CRE) is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the CRE Adjusted Calculation Amount or (b) if Fixed 
Rate Security (Split Payment Conditions) (EE) is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the EE Adjusted Calculation Amount. 
11.2 
Mandatory Early Redemption (Split Payment Conditions) 
(a) 
Adjustment to Calculation Amount 
Where each of the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions and Mandatory Early 
Redemption (Split Payment Conditions) is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of the Securities, each reference to Calculation Amount used to 
determine any Mandatory Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of each 
Security pursuant to the Conditions shall be deemed to be replaced with the EE 
Adjusted Calculation Amount. 
(b) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Override Condition 
Where Mandatory Early Redemption Override Condition is specified to be applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Securities, then notwithstanding the 
occurrence of a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event followed by the payment 
of a Mandatory Early Redemption Amount on the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, the Securities shall not be fully redeemed or terminated and shall 
remain outstanding if any one or more of the following applies:

--- Page 1286 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1260 
 
(i) 
if CRE Redemption Amount is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the CRE Redemption Amount is payable on the relevant 
CRE Redemption Date falling after such Mandatory Early Redemption Date; 
and/or 
(ii) 
if an Interest Amount and/or Non-Contingent Interest Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and the Interest Amount and/or Non-Contingent 
Interest Amount (as applicable) is payable on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date and/or Non-Contingent Interest Amount Payment Date (as applicable) 
falling after such Mandatory Early Redemption Date. 
11.3 
Redemption Amount (Split Payment Conditions) 
Where Redemption Amount (Split Payment Conditions) is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Securities, each reference to Calculation Amount used 
to determine the Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Security pursuant to the 
Conditions shall be deemed to be replaced with the EE Adjusted Calculation Amount. 
11.4 
Payment of CRE Redemption Amount 
Where CRE Redemption Amount is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
addition to any (i) Mandatory Early Redemption Amount payable on a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and (ii) any Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date, the Issuer 
will pay the CRE Redemption Amount on the CRE Redemption Date. 
11.5 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 11: 
"Capital Repayable Amount" or "CRE" means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or, if different in respect of any amount(s) payable in the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Payment Date(s), such amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"CRE Adjusted Calculation Amount" means the amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or if none is so specified, the amount calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × CRE 
"CRE Coupon" means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"CRE Redemption Amount" means the amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × CRE × CRE Coupon 
"CRE Redemption Date" means the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Equity Amount" or "EE" means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or, if 
different in respect of any amount(s) payable in the Issue Terms in respect of any Payment 
Date(s), such amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"EE Adjusted Calculation Amount" means the amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or if none is so specified, the amount calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × EE 
"Payment Date(s)" means the relevant Interest Payment Date(s), Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date(s), Maturity Date or other payment date(s).

--- Page 1287 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1261 
 
PART B: VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND 
EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES  
This Part B of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule shall apply to each Tranche of Securities 
which are Warrants or Exercisable Certificates. References in this Part B to this "Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule" shall be construed as references to this Part B of the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule only. 
1. 
General Provisions applicable to Underlyings 
(a) 
The provisions applicable to valuing each Underlying, to making any adjustment to 
Valuation Dates or to making any other adjustment following Adjustment Events or to 
determining any Early Termination Event are specified in this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1 and in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying, 
as completed by the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, as completed, 
modified and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
(b) 
Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level on a Valuation Date 
The Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as applicable) of an 
Underlying on a Valuation Date shall be determined as specified in the Underlying 
Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
(c) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days) 
Subject as provided in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant 
Underlying(s), any Specified Valuation Date(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
shall be adjusted in accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Warrants linked to one 
Underlying. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for the 
Underlying, then the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for the Underlying, unless in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, in which case 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Levels))) below and/or Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(g) (Averaging Dates) below (as applicable) shall apply or, as the case may 
be, the provisions relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted 
Days set out in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant 
Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(ii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Warrants linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any 
Underlying, then the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for all of the Underlyings, unless in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for any of the Underlyings, in 
which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) below and/or Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(g) (Averaging Dates) below (as applicable) shall 
apply or, as the case may be, the provisions relating to adjustment to 
Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply.

--- Page 1288 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1262 
 
(iii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Warrants linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Value What You Can" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any 
Underlying, then: 
(A) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying for which such Specified 
Valuation Date is a Scheduled Trading Day shall be such Specified 
Valuation Date, unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such 
day is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying, in which case Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to Valuation 
Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) below and/or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(g) (Averaging Dates) below 
(as applicable) shall apply or, as the case may be, the provisions 
relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out 
in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), 
shall apply; and 
(B) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying for which such Specified 
Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day shall be the first 
succeeding day immediately following such Specified Valuation 
Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for such affected Underlying, 
unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a 
Disrupted Day for such Underlying, in which case Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to Valuation 
Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) below and/or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(g) (Averaging Dates) below 
(as applicable) shall apply or, as the case may be, the provisions 
relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out 
in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), 
shall apply. 
(d) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels) 
Subject as provided in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant 
Underlying(s) and subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(g) 
(Averaging Dates) below, any Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, as adjusted 
in accordance with the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) above and/or, as the case 
may be, the provisions of the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant 
Underlying(s)) shall be adjusted in accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Warrants linked to one 
Underlying, subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(d)(iv)  below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date for such Underlying is a Disrupted Day for 
such Underlying, then the Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first 
succeeding Valid Date immediately following such Specified Valuation Date; 
and (II) the Scheduled Trading Day which is the Valuation Roll number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such Specified Valuation 
Date. 
(ii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Warrants linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(iv) below.

--- Page 1289 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1263 
 
If such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then 
such Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first succeeding Valid Date 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date; and (II) the Scheduled 
Trading Day for all the Underlyings which is the Valuation Roll number of 
Scheduled Trading Days for all the Underlyings immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date. 
(iii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Warrants linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Value What You Can" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(iv) 
below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then: 
(A) 
if such Specified Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day for an 
Underlying, then the Valuation Date for such Underlying shall be 
such Specified Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
if such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for an 
Underlying, then the Valuation Date for such Underlying shall be 
the earlier of: (1) the first succeeding Valid Date immediately 
following such Specified Valuation Date; and (2) the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled 
Trading Days for such Underlying immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date. 
(iv) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying determined as provided above would 
otherwise fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day (the 
Cut-off Valuation Date) for such Underlying prior to the date on which a 
relevant payment or delivery, as applicable, is scheduled to be made under the 
Warrants, such Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation 
Date (notwithstanding that such date is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying) 
and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(e)(ii) below shall 
apply in respect thereof. 
(e) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying 
Closing Levels) 
(i) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying (as determined in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) above) is a Disrupted Day 
for such Underlying, then (unless otherwise specified in the Underlying 
Schedule applicable to such Underlying) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying on such 
Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the Underlying Closing Level 
of such Underlying at the Valuation Time (where relevant) on or for such day. 
(ii) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying (as determined in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(iv) above) is determined to occur on 
the Cut-off Valuation Date for such Underlying, then (unless otherwise 
specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying on such Cut-off Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of 
the Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying at the Valuation Time 
(where relevant) on or for such day. 
(f) 
Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Underlying Level of an Underlying cannot 
be determined at any time on any Valuation Date by reason of the occurrence of an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Level at such time on such

--- Page 1290 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1264 
 
day shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining any amounts payable and/or 
deliverable in respect of the Warrants. 
(g) 
Averaging Dates 
Where "Averaging" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms to the Valuation 
Dates in respect of any Actual Exercise Date, the applicable Issue Terms will specify 
whether "Postponement", "Modified Postponement" or "Omission" will apply in 
respect of each Averaging Date or, if no such election is specified, "Postponement" 
shall apply. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)), 
where "Omission" applies in respect of any Averaging Date, if a Specified Valuation 
Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then such Specified Valuation Date shall 
be deemed not to be a Valuation Date PROVIDED THAT, if by operation of this 
provision there would be no Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Actual Exercise 
Date, then the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) will apply for the 
purposes of determining the relevant Underlying Closing Level(s) on the final 
Valuation Date with respect to that Actual Exercise Date as if such Valuation Date 
were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day. 
(h) 
Adjustment Events 
If in the determination of the Calculation Agent any Adjustment Event occurs, then 
(subject to the provisions of the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying) 
the Calculation Agent shall (i) make such adjustment to the terms of the Warrants as 
the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of 
such Adjustment Event subject to the provisions (if any) of such Underlying Schedule 
and (ii) determine the effective date of each such adjustment. 
Any adjustment pursuant to the above may include the issue of additional Warrants 
(if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms) or a "monetisation" of the Warrants. 
Where the Warrants are monetised, (i) the Calculation Agent will determine the value 
in the Settlement Currency (the "Monetised Amount") of the bond component and the 
embedded derivative(s) comprising the Warrants on a date selected by the Calculation 
Agent (the "Monetisation Valuation Date"), (ii) any future amounts in respect of 
interest (if any) and the Final Redemption Amount will no longer be payable and (iii) 
the Warrants will instead pay on the Maturity Date an amount equal to (a) the 
Monetised Amount plus (b) interest accrued on such amount at the overnight rate 
relating to the Settlement Currency selected by the Calculation Agent which shall 
accrue during the period from (and including) the Monetisation Valuation Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
If an "Increased Cost of Hedging" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms 
and occurs, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment to the terms of the 
Warrants as it determines necessary or appropriate to pass on to Warrantholders the 
relevant increased cost of hedging, which adjustment may include, but is not limited 
to, reducing any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Warrants 
or reducing the number of any Relevant Assets which would otherwise be deliverable 
under the Warrants. 
If so specified in the relevant Underlying Schedule, any adjustment(s) made by the 
Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a substitution of 
the relevant Underlying or other asset as specified in the Underlying Schedule 
applicable to the relevant Underlying and the Calculation Agent may make such other 
adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as it deems necessary or appropriate in 
relation to such substitution.

--- Page 1291 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1265 
 
(i) 
Early Termination Events 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any Early Termination Event occurs 
in respect of an Underlying or the Warrants (as relevant), then (i) in the case of an 
Additional Early Termination Event pursuant to paragraph (i) of the definition of such 
term (subject to the provisions of the Underlying Schedule applicable to such 
Underlying) the Issuer will or (ii) in the case of a Hedging Disruption Early 
Termination Event or a Section 871(m) Event, the Issuer may, cancel all (but not some 
only) of the Warrants on a day selected by the Issuer and the Issuer shall pay, in respect 
of  each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, each 
Unit, as the case may be, an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount on the 
Early Termination Date. 
(j) 
Realisation Disruption 
If "Realisation Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
a Realisation Disruption Event occurs, then the Issuer may either (i) direct the 
Calculation Agent to make such consequential adjustments to any of the terms of the 
Warrants (including any payment or delivery obligations) as it determines appropriate 
in order to reflect the economic effect of the particular Realisation Disruption Event or 
(ii) cancel all (but not some only) of the Warrants on a day selected by the Issuer and 
the Issuer shall pay, in respect of each Warrant, an amount equal to the Early 
Termination Amount on the Early Termination Date.  
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to) (I) 
payments under the Warrants being made in the currency (the "Local Currency") in 
which the Hedging Positions are denominated or payable rather than the Settlement 
Currency, (II) deduction of an amount equal to the applicable tax, charge or deduction 
from the relevant payment otherwise due under the relevant Warrants or delivery of 
any Entitlement being subject to payment by the relevant Warrantholder of an amount 
equal to a pro rata portion of any such tax, charge or deduction resulting in reduced 
amounts paid or delivered in respect of the Warrants, (III) non-payment of the relevant 
payment or non-delivery of the relevant Entitlement otherwise due under the relevant 
Warrants until the relevant restrictions (including but not limited to all exchange and/or 
conversion and/or cross-border transfer restrictions) are lifted and/or (IV) 
determination of any relevant exchange rate by the Calculation Agent taking into 
consideration all available information that it deems relevant, which may result in a 
different rate to that which would have applied had the Realisation Disruption not 
occurred, and/or (V) (where legally permissible) in lieu of paying any cash amounts in 
respect of the Warrants, procuring physical delivery of any Underlying(s), delivered in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders by the Issuer (or vice versa) 
PROVIDED THAT such Underlying(s) may be subject to transfer restrictions and 
additional certifications may be required from the Warrantholders. Any such 
adjustments will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(k) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
In the event that any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of an Underlying for any 
time on any day which is published or announced by or on behalf of the person or 
entity responsible for such publication or announcement and which is used for any 
calculation or determination made in respect of the Warrants is subsequently corrected, 
and the correction (the "Corrected Level") is published by or on behalf of such person 
or entity within the relevant Correction Period after the original publication (and at 
least two Business Days prior to the relevant date on which a payment or delivery is 
scheduled to be made under the Warrants) (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date"), 
then such Corrected Level shall be deemed to be the level, price, rate or value for the 
relevant Underlying for the relevant time on the relevant day and the Calculation Agent 
shall use such Corrected Level in determining any amounts payable and/or deliverable 
in respect of the Warrants.

--- Page 1292 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1266 
 
Corrections published after the day which is two Business Days prior to the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purposes of determining any such amounts payable and/or deliverable under the 
Warrants. 
(l) 
Notifications 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of any determination made by it in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 1 and the action that it 
proposes to take in respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the 
Warrantholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with 
General Condition 11 (Notices). Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer 
or failure by the Issuer to notify the Warrantholders of any such determination will not 
affect the validity of any such determination. 
(m) 
Definitions 
"Additional Adjustment Event" means, in each case if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Underlying, each event (if any) specified as 
such in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Additional Early Termination Event" means, in each case if specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Underlying, each event (if any) specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms and in the Underlying Schedule applicable to 
such Underlying and (ii) in respect of Warrants only if Hedging Disruption Early 
Termination Event and/or Section 871(m) Event is/are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event and/or a 
Section 871(m) Event. 
"Adjustment Event" means, in each case if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the occurrence at any time of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, an 
Increased Cost of Hedging or the occurrence at any time of any Additional Adjustment 
Event applicable to such Underlying. 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, each Valuation Date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, as adjusted in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)), Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation 
Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)), Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Levels)) above and/or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(g) (Averaging Dates) 
below and/or, as applicable, the relevant Underlying Schedule or any date deemed 
pursuant to the Conditions to be a Valuation Date. 
"Change in Law" means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that 
(a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, rule, order, directive or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation, (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
if, in relation to Change in Law, "Illegality" is specified to apply in the 
applicable Issue Terms, holding, acquiring or disposing of any Hedging 
Position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in 
whole or in part, and such unlawfulness, illegality or prohibition cannot be 
cured or avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) taking all commercially 
reasonable measures available to it (including that any such measures will not 
result in the Issuer (or its agents) incurring a material loss); or  
(ii) 
if, in relation to Change in Law, "Material Increased Cost" is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will incur a materially

--- Page 1293 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1267 
 
increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Warrants 
(including without limitation due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of any relevant Hedging 
Party) which cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) taking reasonable 
measures available to it (as determined by the Issuer) and for which it (or its 
agents) will not suffer a material loss.  
"Correction Period" shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it 
in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Early Termination Event" means, in respect of an Underlying or the Warrants (as 
the case may be), (i) if, Early Termination Option is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to the relevant Adjustment Event, following the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made under this Condition to account for 
the effect of such Adjustment Event, or (ii) if specified to apply in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the occurrence at any time of any Additional Early Termination Event 
applicable to such Underlying or the Warrants (as the case may be). 
"Electronic Page" means, in respect of an Underlying and (if applicable) any 
component of such Underlying (however described in the relevant Underlying 
Schedule), the electronic page or source specified for such Underlying or such 
component, as the case may be, in the applicable Issue Terms, or either (i) any 
successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider that has been 
designated by the sponsor of the original electronic page or source; or (ii) if such 
sponsor has not officially designated a successor electronic page or source or 
information vendor or provider, the successor electronic page or source or information 
vendor or provider designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if 
different from such sponsor) or any alternative electronic page or source designated by 
the Calculation Agent PROVIDED THAT if, in the case of (i) and (ii), the Calculation 
Agent determines that it is not necessary or appropriate for the Electronic Page to be 
any such successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider, then 
the Electronic Page may be either the originally designated electronic page or source 
or such other electronic page or source as selected by the Calculation Agent. Where 
more than one Electronic Page is specified in respect of an Underlying and/or (if 
applicable) any component of such Underlying (however described in the relevant 
Underlying Schedule), then the provisions of the preceding sentence shall be construed 
accordingly and (i) if there is any discrepancy between any relevant price or level 
displayed on the relevant Electronic Pages for any Valuation Date, the relevant price 
or level selected by the Calculation Agent shall be used for such Valuation Date; and 
(ii) if any relevant price or level is not published on all of such Electronic Pages but is 
published on one or more of such Electronic Pages, the Calculation Agent shall use 
such published price or level for the purpose of determining any calculation or 
determination in respect of the Warrants and no Disrupted Day shall be deemed to have 
occurred in respect of the failure to publish on the other Electronic Page(s). 
"Hedging Disruption" means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
that any Hedging Party is unable or would be unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to 
hedge or be able to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations under the Warrants; or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event" means, if specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, any action, or any announcement of the intention to take 
any such action, including adoption of any law, regulation or order or the amendment, 
elimination, reinterpretation or promulgation of an interpretation, by any regulatory, 
self-regulatory, legislative or judicial authority with competent jurisdiction (including, 
without limitation, as implemented by the United States Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (CFTC) or any exchange or trading facility acting pursuant to CFTC

--- Page 1294 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1268 
 
authority) that (i) affects the definition of "bona fide hedging" as that term is used in 
CFTC regulations adopted under Section 4a(a) of the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act, as amended (the Commodity Exchange Act) (as at the Trade Date 17 
CFR 150.3) or that withdraws or limits as a matter of practice or policy any "hedge 
exemptions" previously granted by the CFTC or any such exchange or trading facility 
acting under authority granted pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act, or affects or 
otherwise amends such other applicable laws of any jurisdiction which has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in this sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) increases 
the cost of the performance of the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Warrants or the 
cost of acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or 
disposing of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary 
to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations under the 
Warrants, whether individually or on a portfolio basis, in each case occurring after the 
Trade Date and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges 
or is intended to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or "book") basis, the Warrants, 
which party may be the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or 
parties, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Position" means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts (as applicable) 
in securities, futures contracts, options contracts, cross currency derivatives contracts, 
interest rate derivative contracts, asset swap derivative contracts, other derivative 
contracts or foreign exchange contracts; (ii) stock loan transactions, securities 
transactions or loan transactions; (iii) other instruments or arrangements (however 
described) entered into by a Hedging Party in order to hedge, individually or on a 
portfolio (or "book") basis, the Warrants; or (iv) positions or contracts in one or more 
credit derivatives contracts which may be in combination with any of paragraphs (i) or 
(iii) above.  
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
under the Warrants; or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). Any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely 
due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of any Hedging Party shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Realisation Disruption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
either any restrictions or any taxes, charges or other deductions have been 
imposed by any applicable governmental, taxation, judicial or regulatory 
body on any dealing by any Hedging Party in any Hedging Positions held by 
any Hedging Party such that:  
(A) 
any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from 
continuing to purchase, sell or otherwise deal in any Hedging 
Positions (or to enter into, continue or otherwise complete such 
transactions) and/or is or would be materially restricted from 
exercising its rights, or performing its obligations in respect of any 
Hedging Positions;  
(B) 
the Issuer is materially restricted from performing its obligations 
under the Warrants and/or any Hedging Party is materially restricted 
from performing its obligations under any Hedging Positions; or

--- Page 1295 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1269 
 
(C) 
the Issuer will (or is likely to) incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Warrants and/or any Hedging 
Party will (or is likely to) incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under any Hedging Positions; or 
(ii) 
an event has occurred or circumstances exist (including without limitation 
either any restrictions or any charges or deductions imposed by any applicable 
governmental, judicial or regulatory body):  
(A) 
that materially restricts the ability of any Hedging Party to (i) 
exchange or convert the Local Currency for any Settlement Currency 
or any Settlement Currency for the Local Currency through the 
customary legal channels and/or (ii) deliver any Settlement Currency 
or the Local Currency and/or (iii) transfer the proceeds of the 
Hedging Positions (or any transaction relating to a Hedging Position) 
(A) between, accounts in the jurisdiction of the Local Currency (the 
"Local Jurisdiction") and any accounts in the jurisdiction of any 
Settlement Currency or (B) to or from a party that is a non-resident 
of the Local Jurisdiction and/or to a party that is a resident of the 
jurisdiction of any Settlement Currency; and/or 
(B) 
such that any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from 
transferring amounts payable under any Hedging Position or in 
respect of the Warrants between (i) the Local Jurisdiction and the 
jurisdiction of a Hedging Party and/or (ii) the jurisdiction of any 
Settlement Currency and the jurisdiction of a Hedging Party; and/or 
(C) 
such that the Calculation Agent's ability to determine a rate at which 
the Local Currency can be exchanged for any Settlement Currency 
(or vice versa), for any reason becomes restricted, or such 
determination is otherwise impracticable or such rate is subject to 
material charges or deductions. 
The above provisions refer to "materially restricted", "materially increased" and 
"material" and any determination in respect of "materially" or "material" in respect of 
any such provision shall be made by the Calculation Agent which shall have regard to 
such circumstances as it deems appropriate. 
"Section 871(m) Event" means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, that the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor 
and/or, save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Section 871(m) Event 
(Hedging)" is not applicable, in each case, any Hedging Party is (or, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable likelihood that, within the 
next 30 Business Days, the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL 
Guarantor and/or, save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Section 871(m) 
Event (Hedging)" is not applicable, in each case, any Hedging Party will become) 
subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) of the 
Code with respect to the Warrants and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee, and/or, in each case, save where the applicable Issue Terms specify 
that "Section 871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not applicable, any Hedging Positions.  
"Specified Valuation Date" means each date deemed pursuant to the Conditions to be 
a Specified Valuation Date or as specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Issue Date. 
"Underlying" means each underlying reference factor specified as such and classified 
in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1296 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1270 
 
"Underlying Closing Level" shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning 
given to it in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Underlying Level" shall, in respect of an Underlying and if applicable, have the 
meaning given to it in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Underlying Schedule" means, in respect of an Underlying, the schedule that is 
specified to be applicable to such Underlying as a result of the classification of such 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date: 
(iii) 
Where the relevant Valuation Date is not specified to be an Averaging Date 
or is an Averaging Date to which "Postponement" is specified to apply in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Warrants linked to one Underlying, a Scheduled 
Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the Underlying; 
(B) 
in respect of Warrants linked to more than one Underlying if "Move 
In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Scheduled 
Trading Day for all the Underlyings which is not a Disrupted Day 
for all of the Underlyings; and 
(C) 
in respect of Warrants linked to more than one Underlying if "Move 
In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and in respect of 
the Underlying for which the Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted 
Day, a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying and which is not 
a Disrupted Day for such Underlying; and 
(iv) 
Where the relevant Valuation Date is specified to be an Averaging Date to 
which "Modified Postponement" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Warrants linked to one Underlying, a Scheduled 
Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the Underlying and 
on which another Valuation Date in relation to the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date does not or is not deemed to occur; 
(B) 
in respect of Warrants linked to more than one Underlying if "Move 
In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Scheduled 
Trading Day for all the Underlyings which is not a Disrupted Day 
for all of the Underlyings and on which another Valuation Date in 
relation to the relevant Actual Exercise Date does not or is not 
deemed to occur; and 
(C) 
in respect of Warrants linked to more than one Underlying if "Move 
In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and in respect of 
the Underlying for which the Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted 
Day, a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted Day for such Underlying and on which another Valuation 
Date in relation to such Underlying and the relevant Actual Exercise 
Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Valuation and Settlement Condition" means each condition specified in Part B of 
this Underlying Schedule. 
"Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, each Specified 
Valuation Date, as adjusted in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)), Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)), Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to

--- Page 1297 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1271 
 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) above and/or, as applicable, 
the relevant Underlying Schedule or any date deemed pursuant to the Conditions to be 
a Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Roll" means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if no number is so specified, eight. 
"Valuation Time" shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in 
the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
2. 
Cash Settlement on exercise 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants, each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each Unit entitles its holder in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, upon 
due exercise and subject, in the case of Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Security 
or a Combined Global Security (in respect of interests held by persons who are not Permitted 
QIB Purchasers), to certification as to Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser beneficial ownership, to 
receive from the Issuer on the relevant Settlement Date a Cash Settlement Amount (together 
with, in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, accrued but unpaid interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (which shall not be less than zero), and such Cash Settlement Amount shall 
be equal to: 
(a) 
where Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(i) 
if such Warrants are Call Warrants, and: 
(A) 
the relevant Underlying is not a Rate, or in the case of a Basket of 
Underlyings none of the Underlyings are Rates, and, in the case of 
Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not 
specify otherwise, 
(Settlement Price subject to, if a Commission is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, deduction of such Commission from the 
Settlement Price, less Exercise Price) multiplied by the Nominal 
Amount ("NA") and, where Payment of Dividends is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, plus the relevant Dividend 
Amount ("DA") all, where a Multiplier is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, multiplied by the Multiplier. As a formula: 
[{[(Settlement Price × [1- Commission]) - Exercise Price] x NA} [+ DA]][𝑥𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟] 
Where the Commission, Dividend Amount or Multiplier is specified 
as Not Applicable or is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the reference to the relevant element in the above formula shall be 
ignored; 
(B) 
the relevant Underlying(s) is a Rate or a Basket of Rates (as 
applicable) and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
(Settlement Price plus Margin) less Strike, multiplied by the 
Nominal Amount ("NA") and, where a Multiplier is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, multiplied by the Multiplier, all, where a 
Rates Day Count Fraction ("DCF") is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of a Rate, multiplied by the DCF. As a 
formula: 
[(Settlement Price +  Margin) – Strike] x NA [x Multiplier] [x DCF] 
Where the DCF or the Multiplier are specified as Not Applicable or 
are not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the 
relevant element in the above formula shall be ignored.

--- Page 1298 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1272 
 
Where: 
"Strike" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(ii) 
if such Warrants are Put Warrants and, 
(A) 
the relevant Underlying is not a Rate, or in the case of a Basket of 
Underlyings none of the Underlyings are Rates, and, in the case of 
Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not 
specify otherwise, 
(Exercise Price less Settlement Price subject to, if a Commission is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, addition of such 
Commission to the Settlement Price) multiplied by the Nominal 
Amount ("NA") and, where Payment of Dividends is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, minus the relevant 
Dividend Amount ("DA"), all, where a Multiplier is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, multiplied by the Multiplier. As a formula: 
[{[Exercise Price - (Settlement Price × [1 + Commission])] x NA} 
[- DA]] [× Multiplier] 
Where the Commission, Dividend Amount or Multiplier is specified 
as Not Applicable or is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the reference to the relevant element in the above formula shall be 
ignored; 
(B) 
the relevant Underlying(s) is a Rate or Basket of Rates (as applicable) 
and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement does not specify otherwise, Strike less (Settlement Price 
plus Margin), multiplied by the Nominal Amount ("NA") and, where 
a Multiplier is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, multiplied by 
the Multiplier, all, where a Rates Day Count Fraction ("DCF") is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of a Rate, 
multiplied by the DCF. As a formula: 
[Strike – (Settlement Price + Margin)] x NA [x Multiplier] [x DCF] 
Where the DCF or the Multiplier are specified as Not Applicable or 
are not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the 
relevant element in the above formula shall be ignored. 
Where: 
"Strike" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
if such Warrants are: 
(A) 
Call Spread Warrants or Put Spread Warrants, the relevant 
Underlying is not a Rate, or in the case of a Basket of Underlyings 
none of the Underlyings are Rates, and, in the case of Exempt 
Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify 
otherwise, 
(Issue Price multiplied by Spread), all, where a Multiplier is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, multiplied by a Multiplier. 
As a formula: 
𝐼𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑥 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑 [𝑥 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟]

--- Page 1299 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1273 
 
Where the Multiplier is specified as Not Applicable or is not 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the 
Multiplier in the above formula shall be ignored. 
Where: 
"Spread" means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
(i) 
where the Warrants are Call Spread Warrants: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑒𝑑𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒, [𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒−𝐿𝑜𝑤𝑒𝑟𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒])
−𝑀𝑎𝑥 (0%, [𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 − 𝑈𝑝𝑝𝑒𝑟 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒] 
(ii) 
where the Warrants are Put Spread Warrants: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑒𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒, [ 𝑈𝑝𝑝𝑒𝑟 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒]) 
− 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (0%, [𝐿𝑜𝑤𝑒𝑟 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 − 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒])  
 
For the purposes of the above formula, "Fixed Percentage", "Lower 
Strike" and "Upper Strike" shall be the percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date (if any) specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall be a "Valuation Date" 
for the purposes of the Conditions and shall be adjusted in 
accordance with the provisions thereof as though such date were the 
sole Valuation Date for the relevant Actual Exercise Date and the 
definition of Settlement Price shall be construed accordingly. 
"Performance" means: 
(i) 
where the Warrants relate to a single Underlying, the 
Underlying Performance for such Underlying; or 
(ii) 
where the Warrants relate to a Basket of Underlyings and in 
respect of all of the Underlyings (i) in the Basket of 
Underlyings (where i = 1 … n), an amount, expressed as a 
percentage, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
∑Weightingi 𝑥 Underlying Performancei 
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
"Strike Price" means, in respect of an Underlying, either 
(i) the Settlement Price of such Underlying on the Initial 
Valuation Date or (ii) the price, level or value specified for 
such Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an 
Underlying, an amount, expressed as a percentage, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Relevant Price
Strike Price  
For which purpose: 
"Relevant Price" means, in respect of an Underlying and an Actual 
Exercise Date, the Settlement Price of such Underlying on the 
relevant Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date.

--- Page 1300 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1274 
 
(B) 
if such Warrants are Call Spread Warrants, the relevant Underlying(s) 
is a Rate or Basket of Rates (as applicable) and, in the case of Exempt 
Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify 
otherwise, 
The higher of (a) the Floor and (b) the lower of (i) the Cap and 
(ii) (Settlement Price plus Margin) less Strike, and, where a 
Multiplier is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, multiplied by 
the Multiplier, multiplied by the Nominal Amount ("NA"), and all, 
where a Rates Day Count Fraction ("DCF") is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of a Rate, multiplied by the DCF. 
As a formula:  
Max[Floor, Min{Cap, [(Settlement Price + Margin) – Strike}]] [x 
Multiplier] x NA [x DCF] 
Where the DCF or the Multiplier are specified as Not Applicable or 
are not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the 
relevant element in the above formula shall be ignored. 
Where: 
"Strike" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(C) 
if such Warrants are Put Spread Warrants, the relevant Underlying(s) 
is a Rate or Basket of Rates (as applicable) and, in the case of Exempt 
Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify 
otherwise, 
The higher of (a) the Floor and (b) the lower of (i) the Cap and (ii) 
Strike less (Settlement Price plus Margin), and, where a Multiplier 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, multiplied by the 
Multiplier, multiplied by the Nominal Amount ("NA") and all, 
where a Rates Day Count Fraction ("DCF") is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of a Rate, multiplied by the DCF. 
As a formula: 
Max[Floor, Min{Cap, [Strike – (Settlement Price + Margin)]}] [x 
Multiplier] x NA [x DCF] 
Where the DCF or the Multiplier are specified as Not Applicable or 
are not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the 
relevant element in the above formula shall be ignored. 
Where: 
"Strike" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(iv) 
if such Warrants are Delta One Warrants and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
(Settlement Price divided by Exercise Price) multiplied by the Nominal 
Amount ("NA"). As a formula: 
Settlement Price
Exercise Price   x NA 
(v) 
if such Warrants are Long/Short Warrants and, in the case of Exempt 
Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, an

--- Page 1301 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1275 
 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
IP {1 + PR × ([LongF −LongI
LongI
−ShortF −ShortI
ShortI
] + Long Dividends −Short Dividends)} 
 
Where: 
"Dividend FX Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying, the Underlying 
Currency for such Underlying and a Dividend relating to such Underlying, 
the Exchange Rate for such Underlying and such Underlying Currency on the 
relevant Dividend Date. 
"Final FX Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying and the Underlying 
Currency for such Underlying, the Exchange Rate for such Underlying and 
such Underlying Currency on the Valuation Date for such Underlying. 
"IP" means the Issue Price of the first Tranche of Warrants. 
"Long Dividends" means, in respect of the Long Underlyings (where (i) = 
1,2,3,….LT and "LT" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
[∑Relevant Percentage × N(𝑖) × Dividend for Long Underlying(𝑖)
LT
i=1
] 
 
"LongF" means, in respect of the Long Underlyings (where (i) = 1,2,3,….LT), 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
[∑LPR × N(i) × Long UnderlyingFinal
Final FX Rate
LT
i=1
] 
"LongI" means the Issue Price of the Warrants. 
"Long UnderlyingFinal" means, in respect of a Long Underlying, the 
Settlement Price for such Long Underlying.  
"Long Participation Rate (LPR)" means the percentage specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Participation Rate (PR)" means the percentage specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Percentage" means, in respect of an Underlying, the percentage 
specified for such Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Short Dividends" means, in respect of the Short Underlyings (where (i) = 
1,2,3,….ST and ST is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following formula: 
[∑N(𝑖) × Dividend for Short Underlying(𝑖)
ST
i=1
]

--- Page 1302 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1276 
 
"ShortF" means, in respect of the Short Underlyings (where (i) = 
1,2,3,….ST), an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[∑SPR × N(i) × Short UnderlyingFinal
Final FX Rate
ST
i=1
] 
 
"ShortI" means the Issue Price of the Warrants. 
"Short Participation Rate (SPR)" means the percentage specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Short UnderlyingFinal" means, in respect of a Short Underlying, the 
Settlement Price for such Short Underlying. 
"Underlying Currency" means, in respect of an Underlying, the currency 
specified for such Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(vi) 
in the case of Exempt Warrants, the Cash Settlement Amount determined 
pursuant to or as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; or 
(b) 
where Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
if such Warrants are Call Warrants and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
(the arithmetic mean of the Settlement Prices for all the Averaging Dates (the 
"Average Settlement Price"), subject to, if a Commission is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, deduction of such Commission from the Settlement 
Prices - Exercise Price) multiplied by the Nominal Amount ("NA") all, where 
a Multiplier is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, multiplied by the 
Multiplier. As a formula: 
[(Average Settlement Price × [1-Commission]) - Exercise Price] x NA [× Multiplier] 
Where the Commission or Multiplier is specified as Not Applicable or is not 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the relevant element 
in the above formula shall be ignored. 
(ii) 
if such Warrants are Put Warrants and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
(Exercise Price less the Average Settlement Price for all the Averaging Dates 
subject to, if a Commission is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, addition 
of such Commission to the Settlement Prices) multiplied by the Nominal 
Amount ("NA") all, where a Multiplier is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, multiplied by the Multiplier. As a formula: 
[Exercise Price - (Average Settlement Price × [1 +Commission])] x NA [xMultiplier])] 
Where the Commission or Multiplier is specified as Not Applicable or is not 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the relevant element 
in the above formula shall be ignored. 
(iii) 
if such Warrants are Call Spread Warrants or Put Spread Warrants and, in the 
case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify 
otherwise,

--- Page 1303 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1277 
 
(i) the Issue Price multiplied by (ii) the Spread, all, where a Multiplier is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, multiplied by a Multiplier. As a 
formula: 
Issue Price × Spread [× Multiplier] 
Where the Multiplier is specified as Not Applicable or is not specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the Multiplier in the above formula 
shall be ignored. 
Where: 
"Spread" means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
(i) 
where the Warrants are Call Spread Warrants: 
Max (Fixed Percetage,[Performance − Lower Strike]) −
 Max (0%,[Performance − Upper Strike]) 
(ii) 
where the Warrants are Put Spread Warrants: 
Max (Fixed Percetage,[Upper Strike − Performance]) −
 Max (0%,[Lower Strike − Performance]) 
For the purposes of the above formula, "Fixed Percentage", "Lower Strike" 
and "Upper Strike" shall be the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 1(b)(iii): 
"Average Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Underlying: 
(i) 
where Initial Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and for the purposes of the determination of the Strike 
Price, the arithmetic mean of the Settlement Prices for all the Initial 
Averaging Dates; and 
(ii) 
where Final Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and for the purposes of the determination of the Relevant 
Price, the arithmetic mean of the Settlement Prices for all the Final 
Averaging Dates. 
"Final Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, each 
date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
an "Averaging Date" for the purposes of the Conditions and shall be adjusted 
in accordance with the provisions thereof as though such dates were the sole 
Averaging Dates for the relevant Actual Exercise Date and the definition of 
Settlement Price shall be construed accordingly. 
"Initial Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, each 
date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
an "Averaging Date" for the purposes of the Conditions and shall be adjusted 
in accordance with the provisions thereof as though such dates were the sole 
Averaging Dates for the relevant Actual Exercise Date and the definition of 
Settlement Price shall be construed accordingly. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, the 
date (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall 
be a "Valuation Date" for the purposes of the Conditions and shall be 
adjusted in accordance with the provisions thereof as though such date were 
the sole Valuation Date for the relevant Actual Exercise Date and the 
definition of Settlement Price shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 1304 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1278 
 
"Performance" means: 
(i) 
where the Warrants relate to a single Underlying, the Underlying 
Performance for such Underlying; or 
(ii) 
where the Warrants relate to a Basket of Underlyings and in respect 
of all of the Underlyings (i) in the Basket of Underlyings (where i = 
1 … n), an amount, expressed as a percentage, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
∑Weightingi ×
n
i=1
Underlying Performancei 
"Relevant Price" means, in respect of an Underlying: 
(i) 
where Final Averaging is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Settlement Price of such Underlying on the relevant 
Valuation Date in respect of an Actual Exercise Date; or 
(ii) 
where Final Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Average Settlement Price of such Underlying in 
respect of the Final Averaging Dates. 
"Strike Price" means, in respect of an Underlying: 
(i) 
where Initial Averaging is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms either (a) the Settlement Price of such 
Underlying on the Initial Valuation Date or (b) the price, level or 
value specified for such Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
where Initial Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Average Settlement Price of such Underlying in 
respect of the Initial Averaging Dates. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount, 
expressed as a percentage, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following formula: 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
Strike Price  
(iv) 
if such Warrants are Delta One Warrants and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
(Average Settlement Price divided by Exercise Price) multiplied by the 
Nominal Amount ("NA"). As a formula: 
𝐴𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 𝑆𝑒𝑡𝑡𝑙𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
Exercise Price
 𝑥 𝑁𝐴 
(v) 
in the case of Exempt Warrants, the Cash Settlement Amount determined 
pursuant to or as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Cash Settlement Amount, or, in respect of Valuation and Settlement Conditions 2(a)(iii)(B) 
and (C), the component of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount expressed to be 
subject to a Cap or a Floor, as the case may be, determined pursuant to the above shall not be 
greater than the Cap (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms or less than the Floor (if 
any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 1305 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1279 
 
Any amount determined pursuant to the above, if not an amount in the Settlement Currency, 
will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms for the purposes of determining that Cash Settlement Amount. 
3. 
Physical Settlement on exercise 
In the case of Exempt Warrants, if the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, each such 
Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
entitles its holder in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, upon due exercise and subject, in the 
case of Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Security or a Combined Global Security 
(in respect of interests held by persons who are not Permitted QIB Purchasers), to certification 
as to Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser beneficial ownership, to receive from the Issuer on the 
relevant Settlement Date the Entitlement subject to payment of the relevant Exercise Price (if 
applicable), any Exercise Expenses (as set out in General Condition 5(c)(iv)) and any other sums 
payable. The method of delivery of the Entitlement is set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
4. 
Mandatory Early Termination Event for Long/Short Warrants 
If (i) Terms of Long/Short Warrants is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
(ii) Mandatory Early Termination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following shall apply for the purposes of General Condition 5(a)(iv) (Exercise Rights and Early 
Termination):  
(a) 
A "Mandatory Early Termination Event" shall occur if the Certificate Bid Level is 
equal to or less than the Mandatory Early Termination Barrier Level during the 
Observation Period. If a Mandatory Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer may, 
but is not obliged to elect to terminate the Warrants in accordance with General 
Condition 5(a)(iv) (Exercise Rights and Early Termination). 
(b) 
The "Mandatory Early Termination Amount" shall be, in respect of a Warrant and 
the Underlyings, an amount in the Settlement Currency calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
LongET −ShortET + Long DividendsET −Short DividendsET 
provided that the Mandatory Early Termination Amount shall not be less than zero. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4 (Mandatory Early 
Termination Event for Long/Short Warrants) only: 
"Bid Level Screen Page" means the electronic page specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Certificate Bid Level" means, at any time on any day, the bid price in the Settlement 
Currency of the Warrants determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such 
sources as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the Bid Level 
Screen Page (or such other page or service as may replace any such page for the 
purposes of displaying the bid price of the Warrants). 
"Long DividendsET" means, in respect of the Long Underlyings, (where (i) = 
1,2,3,….LT), an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[∑
Relevant Percentage × N(i) × Dividend for Long Underlying(i)
LT
i=1
] 
provided that for the purposes of this definition and the definition of Dividend in 
relation thereto, the Dividend Period shall be deemed to end on (and include) the final 
Scheduled Trading Day of the relevant Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Period 
for the relevant Underlying.

--- Page 1306 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1280 
 
"LongET" means, in respect of the Long Underlyings (where (i) = 1,2,3,….LT), an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following formula: 
[∑
LPR×N(i)×Long UnderlyingET
Early Termination FX Rate
LT
i=1
] 
"Long UnderlyingET" means, in relation to a Long Underlying, the average selling 
price (net of any applicable taxes and charges) per Long Underlying for a sale of such 
Long Underlyings on the relevant Exchange where the Long Underlyings are sold on 
the Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date on the relevant Exchange at such 
times and in such numbers (subject as provided below) as the Calculation Agent in its 
sole discretion determines (the aggregate of such numbers being the "Sold Long 
Underlyings") provided that in determining Long UnderlyingET the Sold Long 
Underlyings must not exceed the relevant Underlying Amount but may, at the 
discretion of the Calculation Agent, be any number up to the relevant Underlying 
Amount, 
provided further that, the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion not to sell on the 
relevant Exchange all or any of the Sold Long Underlyings on the Mandatory Early 
Termination Valuation Date (if the Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day or for any other reason) and those Long Underlyings comprising the 
Sold Long Underlyings not sold on the Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date 
shall be sold on the relevant Exchange as soon thereafter as the Calculation Agent 
determines in its commercially reasonable judgement. The period of Scheduled 
Trading Days for the relevant Long Underlying from and including the Mandatory 
Early Termination Valuation Date to the Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Long 
Underlying on which all the Sold Long Underlyings have been sold shall be the 
"Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Period". 
For the purposes of this definition and the definition of Disrupted Day in relation 
thereto, the event giving rise to the Disrupted Day may occur at any time and not only 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time and the definitions 
of Disrupted Day shall be construed accordingly. 
References herein to a sale of Long Underlyings shall be deemed to be references to a 
notional or actual sale of Long Underlyings by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent 
and references to "sell" and "sold" shall be construed accordingly. 
"Mandatory Early Termination Barrier Level" shall be as defined in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Mandatory Early Termination FX Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying and 
the Underlying Currency for such Underlying, the Exchange Rate for such Underlying 
and such Underlying Currency on the final Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying of the relevant Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Period. 
"Mandatory Early Termination Date" means the tenth Business Day following the 
last occurring Scheduled Trading Day of any Mandatory Early Termination Valuation 
Period. 
"Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date" means the Scheduled Trading Day 
for all the Underlyings immediately following the date on which the Mandatory Early 
Termination Event has occurred. 
"Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Period" in respect of Short Underlyings 
or Long Underlyings, as the case may be, has the meaning given to the term in the 
definition of Short UnderlyingET or Long UnderlyingET, as applicable. 
"Observation Period" means the period from (but excluding) the Trade Date to (and 
including) the Exercise Date.

--- Page 1307 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1281 
 
"Purchased Short Underlyings" has the meaning given to the term in the definition 
of Short UnderlyingET. 
"Short DividendsET" means, in respect of the Short Underlyings (where (i) = 
1,2,3,….ST), an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[∑
N(i) × Dividend for Short Underlying(i)
ST
i=1
] 
provided that for the purposes of this definition and the definition of Dividend in 
relation thereto, the Dividend Period shall be deemed to end on (and include) the final 
Scheduled Trading Day of the relevant Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Period 
for the relevant Underlying. 
"ShortET" means, in respect of the Short Underlyings (where (i) = 1,2,3,….ST), an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following formula: 
[∑
SPR × N(i) × Short UnderlyingET
Early Termination FX Rate
ST
i=1
] 
"Short UnderlyingET" means, in relation to a Short Underlying, the average purchase 
price (gross of any applicable taxes and charges) per Short Underlying for a purchase 
of such Short Underlying on the relevant Exchange where the Short Underlyings are 
purchased on the Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date on the relevant 
Exchange at such times and in such numbers (subject as provided below) as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion determines (the aggregate of such numbers 
being the "Purchased Short Underlyings") provided that in determining Short 
UnderlyingET the Purchased Short Underlyings must not exceed the relevant 
Underlying Amount but may, at the discretion of the Calculation Agent, be any number 
up to the relevant Underlying Amount, 
provided further that, the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion not to purchase 
on the relevant Exchange all or any of the Purchased Short Underlyings on the 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date (if the Early Termination Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day or for any other reason) and those Short Underlyings comprising 
the Purchased Short Underlyings not purchased on the Mandatory Early Termination 
Valuation Date shall be purchased on the relevant Exchange as soon thereafter as the 
Calculation Agent determines in its commercially reasonable judgement. The period 
of Scheduled Trading Days for the relevant Short Underlying from and including the 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date to the Scheduled Trading Day for the 
relevant Short Underlying on which all the Purchased Short Underlyings have been 
purchased shall be the "Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Period". 
For the purposes of this definition and the definition of Disrupted Day in relation 
thereto, the event giving rise to the Disrupted Day may occur at any time and not only 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time and the definitions 
of Disrupted Day shall be construed accordingly. 
References herein to a purchase of Short Underlyings shall be deemed to be references 
to a notional or actual purchase of Short Underlyings by or on behalf of the Calculation 
Agent and references to "purchase" and "purchased" shall be construed accordingly. 
"Sold Long Underlyings" has the meaning given to the term in the definition of Long 
UnderlyingET. 
"Termination Cut-off Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the second Business Day immediately preceding the Mandatory Early 
Termination Date.

--- Page 1308 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1282 
 
"Underlying Amount" means, in relation to an Underlying, N(i) for such Underlying multiplied 
by the number of Warrants terminated early provided that if the Underlying Amount in relation 
to any Underlying is not a whole number, it shall be rounded up or down to the nearest whole 
number, at the discretion of the Calculation Agent. 
5. 
Definitions 
"Accrual Period" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the initial Accrual Period, the period from the first Actual Exercise Date 
to the second Actual Exercise Date; and  
(b) 
in respect of all subsequent Accrual Periods, the period from, and including, an Actual 
Exercise Date to, but excluding, the immediately following Actual Exercise Date. 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, each date specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be a "Valuation Date" for the purposes of the 
Conditions and shall be adjusted in accordance with the provisions thereof. 
"Cap" means the cap specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Commission" means the commission specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Dividend Amount" means an amount equal to the Dividend Percentage of the sum of all 
Relevant Dividends and, for which purpose, "Relevant Dividend" means, in relation to a 
Warrant and a Share, any gross cash dividends declared by the Share Company in relation to 
one Share, where (a) the date on which the date on which the Shares are traded ex such cash 
dividends on the relevant Exchange AND (b) the day on which Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited (or, if so determined by the Calculation Agent, any successor to, or Affiliate of, it) 
receives or, where it is not holding the Shares, is deemed to receive, such cash dividends, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent both fall during the period from (but excluding) the Trade 
Date to (and including) the Exercise Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Dividend Percentage" means the percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Dividend Period" means, in relation to a Long/Short Warrant, the period from (but excluding) 
the Trade Date to (and including) the Valuation Date for a Underlying. 
"Dividends" means, in relation to a Long/Short Warrant, the sum of all gross cash dividends or 
distributions, including any Extraordinary Dividends, and divided by the relevant Dividend FX 
Rate, which are declared by the relevant Share Company, Underlying Share Company or 
Relevant Fund, as the case may be, in relation to one such Underlying where such cash dividend 
or distribution is received (or would be received, if the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer held 
the relevant Underlying) (the date of such actual or notional receipt, the Dividend Date) by the 
Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer during the Dividend Period, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (i) in respect of English Law Warrants and Irish Law Warrants, in its sole 
and absolute discretion or (ii) in respect of German Law Warrants, in its reasonable discretion 
(§ 317 BGB) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Exchange Rate" means:  
(a) 
in relation to a Long/Short Warrant, either: (i) in respect of a day and an Underlying, 
the Underlying Currency in respect of which is other than the Settlement Currency, the 
mid Underlying Currency/Settlement Currency exchange rate quoted on the Exchange 
Rate Screen Page at the Exchange Rate Specified Time on the such day (expressed as 
the number of units of the Underlying Currency, (or part thereof) for which one unit of 
the Settlement Currency can be exchanged) provided that if the Exchange Rate cannot 
be determined as aforesaid it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; or (ii) otherwise or if 
Exchange Rate Screen Page and Exchange Rate Specified Time are specified to be not 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 1; and

--- Page 1309 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1283 
 
(b) 
In relation to each other type of Warrant, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the rate of exchange for conversion of any amount in a currency other than the 
Settlement Currency (the "Alternative Currency") into the relevant Settlement 
Currency for the purpose of determining any Settlement Price and/or Cash Settlement 
Amount, being the Alternative Currency/Settlement Currency exchange rate 
(expressed as the number of units of the Alternative Currency (or part thereof) for 
which one unit of the Settlement Currency can be obtained) which shall (a) where 
Calculation Agent Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to such 
sources as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate; or (b) where Screen Page 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, be as published 
on the Screen Page designated as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or any successor 
thereto) at such time on the applicable Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, if no such rate is published 
or is otherwise not available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant rate of 
exchange for such date at such time and by reference to such sources as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate. 
"Exchange Rate Screen Page" means, in relation to a Long/Short Warrant, the electronic page 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or such other page or service that may replace such 
electronic page for the purpose of displaying the mid Underlying Currency/Settlement Currency 
exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose 
which displays such exchange rate). 
"Exchange Rate Specified Time" means, in relation to a Long/Short Warrant, the time 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Exercise Price" means the price so specified in relation to each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, each Unit, as the case may be, in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
"Floor" means the floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Long Underlying" means each of the Underlyings specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, of the type and issued by the relevant Share Company (in the case of Underlyings that 
are Shares) or relating to the Underlying Shares of the Underlying Share Company (in the case 
of Underlyings that are Depositary Receipts) or issued by the Relevant Fund (in the case of 
Underlyings that are ETF Shares), in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Margin" means the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Multiplier" means the amount or percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"N(i)" means, in relation to an Underlying, the number of such Underlying specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Early Termination Settlement Date, the period 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Rates Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of calculating the amount payable under 
Settlement on Exercise Conditions 2(a)(i)(B), 2(a)(ii)(B), 2(a)(iii)(B) and 2(a)(iii)(C), and in 
respect of any Accrual Period: 
(a) 
if 30/360 is specified as the relevant Rates Day Count Fraction in respect of a Rate in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in the Accrual Period (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360;

--- Page 1310 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1284 
 
(b) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified as the relevant Rates Day Count Fraction in respect 
of a Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the Accrual Period 
divided by 365; 
(c) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified as the relevant Rates Day Count Fraction in 
respect of a Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Accrual Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a payment falling in a leap year, 366; 
or 
(d) 
if Actual/360 is specified as the relevant Rates Day Count Fraction in respect of a Rate 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the Accrual Period divided 
by 360. 
"Settlement Date" means, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants which are Cash Settled Warrants, the date specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement or, if no Settlement Date is so specified, the fifth 
Business Day following the last occurring Valuation Date in respect of such Actual 
Exercise Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants which are Physical Delivery Warrants, the date or dates 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, and an Actual Exercise Date and subject to the 
provisions of the relevant Underlying Schedule and the provisions of this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Underlying, an amount equal to the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Underlying, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on (A) if Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or (B) if Averaging is specified 
as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual 
Exercise Date; and 
(b) 
in relation to Warrants relating to a basket of Underlyings (other than Rates): 
(i) 
for the purposes of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(a)(i)(A), Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(a)(ii)(A), Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(a)(iv), Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(b)(i), Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(b)(ii) and Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(b)(iv), an amount equal to the sum of the Underlying Closing Levels of each 
of the Underlyings on (A) if Averaging is not specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise 
Date or (B) if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, multiplied 
by the relevant Weighting; or 
(ii) 
and in relation to each Underlying, for the purposes of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(a)(iii)(A), Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(a)(v), Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(b)(iii) and Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(b)(v), an amount equal to the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Underlying on (A) if Averaging is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual 
Exercise Date or (B) if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; and 
(c) 
in relation to Rate Warrants relating to a basket of Rates, subject to the Rate Conditions, 
for the purposes of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(a)(i)(B), Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(a)(ii)(B), Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(a)(iii)(B), 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(a)(iii)(C) and Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(a)(iv), an amount equal to (i) the Underlying Closing Level for Rate 1 (as

--- Page 1311 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1285 
 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) less (ii) the Underlying Closing Level for Rate 
2 (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) on or for, the Valuation Date in respect 
of such Actual Exercise Date. 
"Short Underlying" means each of the Underlyings specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, of the type and issued by the relevant Share Company (in the case of Underlyings that 
are Shares) or relating to the Underlying Shares of the Underlying Share Company (in the case 
of Underlyings that are Depositary Receipts) or issued by the Relevant Fund (in the case of 
Underlyings that are ETF Shares), all as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
6. 
Participation Certificate Provisions 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 6 shall apply in respect of Exempt Certificates which 
are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to be EMEA Participation Certificates, 
LATAM Participation Certificates, Saudi Participation Certificates, APAC Participation 
Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates. The terms defined in this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 6 shall only apply in respect of Certificates which are 
Participation Certificates. 
(a) 
Definitions 
"Additional Costs" means all costs imposed on the Calculation Agent on behalf of the 
Issuer on the purchase and sale of Shares, in the case of APAC Participation 
Certificates, or Debt Securities, in the case of APAC Convertible Bond Participation 
Certificates, by foreign investors in order to effect settlement of the Certificates by way 
of physical delivery.  
"Additional Exercise Period" means the period from (and including) the Business 
Day immediately succeeding the Issue Date to (and including),  
(A) 
in the case of EMEA Participation Certificates or LATAM Participation 
Certificates, the Final Exercise Date specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding 
Business Day (in respect of EMEA Participation Certificates or LATAM 
Participation Certificates, the "Expiration Date") 
(B) 
in the case of Saudi Participation Certificates, two Exchange Business Days 
prior to the Expiration Date (Saudi) or, if such date is not a Business Day, the 
immediately following Business Day, 
"Cash Settlement Amount" means: 
(A) 
if the Certificates are EMEA Participation Certificates or LATAM 
Participation Certificates, in relation to a Certificate, a Settlement Date and 
(i) an Exercise Date relating to a Corporate Action, the Corporate Action 
Amount relating to such Corporate Action or (ii) an Exercise Date relating to 
a Dividend, the Dividend Amount relating to such Dividend; 
(B) 
if the Certificates are Saudi Participation Certificates, in relation to a 
Dividend, a Certificate and the Exercise Date relating to such Dividend, the 
Dividend Amount;  
(C) 
if the Certificates are APAC Participation Certificates, in relation to an Actual 
Exercise Date, an amount in the Settlement Currency (which shall not be less 
than the lowest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency) specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(D) 
if the Certificates are APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates, in 
relation to an Actual Exercise Date, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(which shall not be less than the lowest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency) 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; or

--- Page 1312 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1286 
 
(E) 
such other amount as determined pursuant to or as specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
"Conversion APAC Participation Certificates" means securities issued by the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates linked to the Shares, having terms the same as, or 
substantially similar to, the terms of APAC Participation Certificates as set out in this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 6 and having the same restrictions on transfer and 
bearing substantially the same legends as the APAC Convertible Bond Participation 
Certificates from which they are converted.  
"Corporate Action" means, in relation to a Certificate, the Share Company and a 
Share, a stock dividend or a rights issue declared by the Share Company in respect of 
such Share during the period from (and including) the Strike Date to (but excluding) 
the Additional Exercise Date for such Certificate.  
"Corporate Action Amount" means the amount specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
"Corporate Action Date" means, in relation to a Corporate Action, the date on which 
a foreign investor would have received the relevant Corporate Action Securities in 
respect of such Corporate Action. 
"Corporate Action Securities" means, in relation to a Corporate Action, the securities 
or rights issued by the Share Company in respect of such Corporate Action. 
"Corporate Action Securities Amount" means, in relation to a Corporate Action, a 
Certificate and the Exercise Date relating to such Corporate Action, the number of 
Corporate Action Securities relating to such Corporate Action. 
"Corporate Action Valuation Period" means the period of days from and including 
the Corporate Action Date to and including the day on which all the Sold Corporate 
Action Securities have been sold. 
"Coupon" means, in relation to a Certificate, interest (however described under the 
terms of the Debt Securities) which is paid by or on behalf of the Securities Issuer and 
received by a foreign investor in respect of the Debt Securities Amount in relation to 
any Coupon Payment Date falling during the period from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) the last day of the Valuation Period for such Certificate less 
the Coupon Expenses, such resulting amount to be converted into the Settlement 
Currency at the relevant Coupon Exchange Rate as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Coupon Amount" means, in relation to a Coupon and a Certificate, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency equal to the gross amount paid by the Securities Issuer in respect 
of such Coupon. 
"Coupon Exchange Rate" means, in relation to any Coupon, the Security 
Currency/Settlement Currency exchange rate (expressed as the number of units of the 
Security Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Settlement Currency can 
be exchanged) determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it deems appropriate. Where the Security Currency and the Settlement 
Currency are the same currency, then the Coupon Exchange Rate shall be 1. 
"Coupon Expenses" means, in relation to a sum of interest paid in respect of the Debt 
Securities Amount in relation to a Coupon Payment Date, an amount equal to such 
percentage of such sum of interest (the "Applicable Percentage"), if any, that the 
Issuer from time to time deems appropriate to take account of any Taxes or other 
charges whatsoever, including but not limited to any Taxes or other charges sustained 
or incurred by the Issuer or any Affiliate or a resident foreign investor as a result of the 
receipt of the relevant sum or that would have been sustained or incurred by the Issuer 
or any Affiliate or a resident foreign investor had it so received such sum. The Issuer

--- Page 1313 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1287 
 
has sole and complete discretion as to what the Applicable Percentage should be from 
time to time. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means the dates falling after the Issue Date on which the 
Securities Issuer is scheduled to pay interest on the Debt Securities, being the dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
"Debt Securities Amount" means, in relation to a Certificate, the nominal amount of 
the Debt Securities specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, where a number 
of Lot(s) (whether or not comprised of units ("CB Units") of Debt Securities) is 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the total nominal amount of Debt 
Securities represented by such Lot(s), in each case as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
"Dividend" means: 
(A) 
if the Certificates are EMEA Participation Certificates or LATAM 
Participation Certificates, in relation to a Certificate, the Share Company and 
a Share, any cash dividends declared by the Share Company in relation to one 
Share (less the Dividend Expenses), the Ex-Date for which falls during the 
period from (but excluding) the Strike Date to (but excluding) the Additional 
Exercise Date for such Certificate, and converted into the Settlement 
Currency at the relevant Dividend/Corporate Action Exchange Rate as 
determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(B) 
if the Certificates are Saudi Participation Certificates, relation to a Certificate, 
the net cash dividend per Share converted into U.S.$ using the SAR/USD 
Exchange Rate (less the Dividend Expenses) declared by the Share Company 
and would be received by a Hypothetical Investor on any payment date related 
to an Ex-Date, which occurs during the period from (but excluding) the Trade 
Date to (and including) either (i) where such Certificate is exercised on an 
Additional Exercise Date, such Additional Exercise Date or (ii) where such 
Certificate is automatically exercised on the Expiration Date (Saudi), the 
Final Valuation Date relating to the Expiration Date (Saudi), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Dividend/Corporate Action Exchange Rate" means, in relation to any Dividends 
and/or any Corporate Action Amount, the Share Currency/Settlement Currency 
exchange rate (expressed as the number of units of the Share Currency (or part thereof) 
for which one unit of the Settlement Currency can be exchanged) determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate. Where the Share Currency and the Settlement Currency are the same 
currency, then the Exchange Rate shall be 1.  
"Dividend Amount" means the amount specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
"Dividend Expenses" means, in relation to a cash dividend declared in relation to one 
Share, an amount of such cash dividend, if any, that the Calculation Agent from time 
to time deems appropriate to take account of any tax, duty, withholding, deduction or 
other charge whatsoever, including but not limited to taking into account, unless 
otherwise notified by the Calculation Agent to Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 (Notices), any tax, duty, withholding, deduction or other charge 
sustained or incurred by a beneficial owner of such Share, without application of any 
tax treaty, as a result of the receipt of the relevant cash dividend or that would have 
been sustained or incurred by a beneficial owner of such Share, without application of 
any tax treaty, had it so received such cash dividend. The Calculation Agent has sole 
and complete discretion as to what the Dividend Expenses should be from time to time.  
"Ex-Date" means, in relation to a Dividend, the date on which the Shares trade ex such 
Dividend on the Exchange.

--- Page 1314 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1288 
 
"Exercise Date" means: 
(A) 
if the Certificates are EMEA Participation Certificates or LATAM 
Participation Certificates, in relation to a Certificate and (i) a Corporate 
Action, the day on which the Shares are traded ex the Corporate Action 
Securities relating to such Corporate Action or (ii) a Dividend, the Ex-Date 
relating to such Dividend; 
(B) 
if the Certificates are Saudi Participation Certificates, in relation to a 
Certificate and a Dividend, the date specified by the Issuer in the notice to the 
Warrantholders relating to such Dividend.  
"Exercise Expenses" means, if the Certificates are Saudi Participation Certificates, in 
respect of a Certificate, all Local Taxes and/or expenses including any depositary 
charges, transaction or exercise charges, which the Calculation Agent determines may 
be or would be, or would have been, incurred (i) in connection with the exercise and/or 
termination of the Certificate and/or any payment and/or delivery in respect thereof, 
and (ii) if "Hedging Taxes" is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, by any Hedging Party in connection with the establishment, maintenance 
and/or termination of the applicable Hedging Positions to the extent that such Local 
Taxes and/or expenses have not already been accounted for in the calculation of any 
Cash Settlement Amount, the Final Settlement Amount or any other amount (as 
applicable) payable in respect of the Certificates.   
"Exercise Notice Delivered Date" means the fifth Business Day following the 
Business Day on which an Exercise Notice is deemed delivered in accordance with 
General Condition 5(a)(i). 
"Expenses" means all Taxes and/or expenses, including any depositary charges, 
transaction or exercise charges, which the Calculation Agent determines may be or 
would be, or would have been incurred (i) in connection with the early redemption of 
the Debt Securities or the conversion of the Debt Securities into Shares and/or any 
payment and/or delivery in respect thereof and/or any sale of the Shares and (ii) if 
"Hedging Taxes" is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, by the 
Issuer or any Affiliate had such entity unwound or varied any underlying related 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Certificate. 
"Expiration Date (Saudi)" means the date specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
"First Valuation Date" means, in relation to a Certificate, the Actual Exercise Date or 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
"Final Exercise Date" means the date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Final Settlement Amount" means the amount specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
"Final Settlement Date" means the date specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
"Hedging Party" means the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any of the parties 
to any of their hedging arrangements in respect of the Certificates and/or its or their 
Affiliates. 
"Hedging Positions" means one of more (i) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) 
other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by a Hedging Party in order

--- Page 1315 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1289 
 
to hedge in a commercially reasonable manner, individually or on a portfolio basis, the 
Issuer's obligations under the Certificates or the obligations of a Hedging Party in 
relation thereto. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical investor in the Shares which is subject 
to the same securities laws and the rules and regulations of any securities regulators, 
exchanges and self-regulating organisations as applying to Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited or any of its Affiliate(s) designated by the Issuer in writing to the Principal 
Warrant Agent from time to time. 
"Local Currency (Share)" means, if the Certificates are Saudi Participation 
Certificates, SAR (being the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the 
currency in which the price of quotation of the Shares on the Exchange is 
denominated).  
"Local Jurisdiction (Share)" means the location of the jurisdiction of incorporation 
of the Share Company. 
"Local Taxes" means all retrospective, present, future, contingent, pending or 
anticipated income taxes, capital gains taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, 
withholdings, assessments or other charges imposed by any governmental, national, 
state or local authority of the Local Jurisdiction (Share), together with any interest, 
additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto and any interest in respect of such 
additions or penalties. 
"Physical Delivery Election Cut-off Date" means the fifth Business Day prior to the 
Expiration Date.  
"SAR/USD Exchange Rate" means the SAR/U.S.$ exchange rate (expressed as the 
number of SAR (or part thereof) per U.S.$1) that the Calculation Agent shall determine 
would be available to it or a Hypothetical Investor at the relevant time by reference to 
such market or otherwise as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate. 
"Settlement Date" means:  
(A) 
if the Certificates are EMEA Participation Certificates or LATAM 
Participation Certificates, in relation to a Certificate and (i) a Corporate 
Action, the date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if no date 
is so specified, the day falling five Business Days after the last day of the 
Corporate Action Valuation Period or (ii) a Dividend, the date specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement or, if no date is so specified, the day falling 
five Business Days after the date on which the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
receives such Dividend; 
(B) 
if the Certificates are APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates, in 
relation to a Certificate and a Coupon, the day falling five Business Days 
following the date (the "Coupon Proceeds Date") on which a foreign 
investor would have received actual cash payment of the interest paid by or 
on behalf of the Securities Issuer in respect of the relevant Coupon Payment 
Date or such earlier date as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
"Sold Corporate Action Securities" means, in relation to a Corporate Action Date, a 
number of Corporate Action Securities equal to the product of A and B, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, where: A means the Corporate Action Securities Amount 
and B means the aggregate number of Certificates outstanding on such Corporate 
Action Date. 
"Sold Securities" means, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date and the Certificates 
exercised on such date, a number of Debt Securities equal to the product of A and B, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, where: A means the Debt Securities Amount 
and B means the aggregate number of Certificates exercised on such Actual Exercise 
Date.

--- Page 1316 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1290 
 
"Strike Date" means the date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Valuation Period" means the period of Scheduled Trading Days from and including 
the First Valuation Date to the Scheduled Trading Day on which all the Sold Securities 
have been sold. 
(b) 
Exercise and Settlement for EMEA Participation Certificates, LATAM Participation 
Certificates and Saudi Participation Certificates 
If the Certificates are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to be EMEA 
Participation Certificates, LATAM Participation Certificates or Saudi Participation 
Certificates, the following shall apply: 
(i) 
Amendments to the General Conditions 
General Conditions 5 and 6 shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"5. 
Exercise Rights and Settlement 
(a) 
Automatic Exercise 
Each Certificate shall be automatically exercised on each Exercise 
Date and on each date on which a Cash Settlement Amount(s) or 
Final Settlement Amount(s) falls to be paid in respect of any 
Certificate, the Issuer shall, on the relevant date, pay or cause to be 
paid the aggregate cash amounts due on such date (less any Exercise 
Expenses) to the relevant Common Depositary in accordance with 
the provisions of General Condition 5(c)(iv) (Settlement) below.  
(b) 
Additional Exercise 
(i) 
In addition to General Condition 5(a) (Automatic Exercise) 
above but subject as provided herein, each Certificate may 
also be exercised by its holder on any Business Day during 
the Additional Exercise Period in order to receive the Final 
Settlement Amount. The Business Day during the 
Additional Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice 
electing the Additional Exercise Date is delivered prior to 
10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time (as appropriate), 
to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and the copy thereof so received by the Principal 
Warrant Agent shall be the "Additional Exercise Date". If 
any such Exercise Notice is received by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or if the copy 
thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent, in each 
case, either on a day which is not a Business Day or after 
10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time (as appropriate), 
on any Business Day during the Additional Exercise Period, 
such Exercise Notice shall be deemed to have been 
delivered on the next Business Day, which Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Additional Exercise Date. 
After delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of the 
Additional Exercise Date, the holder of Certificates 
specified therein at the time of such delivery may not 
transfer the Certificates specified therein. 
(ii) 
If no Exercise Notice has been delivered in respect of an 
Additional Exercise Date at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Brussels 
or Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the final day of 
the Additional Exercise Period, the Certificates which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, are "In-the-

--- Page 1317 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1291 
 
Money", shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration 
Date. 
(c) 
Settlement 
(i) 
Cash Settlement Amounts 
As soon as practicable after (A) in the case of EMEA 
Participation 
Certificates 
or 
LATAM 
Participation 
Certificates, either (i) the day on which the Share Company 
declares a Corporate Action or (ii) the day on which the 
Share Company declares a Dividend, or (B) in the case of 
Saudi Participation Certificates, the Share Company 
announces an Ex-Date, the Issuer shall give notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 
(Notices) and to the Principal Warrant Agent of such 
declaration or such Ex-Date, as the case may be, the 
relevant Exercise Date and the anticipated Settlement Date 
in relation thereto.  
Subject as provided herein, each Certificate entitles its 
holder to receive from the Issuer on each Settlement Date 
the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of such Settlement 
Date (less any Exercise Expenses).   
Each Cash Settlement Amount will be rounded to the 
nearest two decimal places in the Settlement Currency, 
0.005 being rounded upwards, with Certificates exercised 
at the same time on any Automatic Exercise Date by the 
same Certificateholder being aggregated for the purposes 
of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amounts 
payable in respect of such Certificates and such Settlement 
Date. 
In the case of Saudi Participation Certificates, in the event 
that the Share Company does not pay to holders of record 
of the Shares the relevant cash dividend on the date 
originally announced by such Share Company, the Issuer 
shall notify the Warrantholders thereof and of any revised 
anticipated Settlement Date (when known) in accordance 
with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Final Settlement Amount 
Subject as provided herein, each Certificate entitles its 
holder to receive from the Issuer on the Final Settlement 
Date, the Final Settlement Amount (less any Exercise 
Expenses).   
The Final Settlement Amount will be rounded to the nearest 
two decimal places in the Settlement Currency, 0.005 being 
rounded upwards, with Certificates exercised at the same 
time on the Additional Exercise Date or the Exercise Date, 
as the case may be, by the same Certificateholder being 
aggregated for the purposes of determining the aggregate 
Final Settlement Amounts payable in respect of such 
Certificates and the Final Settlement Date. 
(iii) 
Discharge of obligations 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Certificate is exercised by 
a Certificateholder on an Additional Exercise Date or is

--- Page 1318 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1292 
 
automatically exercised on the Expiration Date or, in 
respect of Saudi Participation Certificates, the Expiration 
Date (Saudi), and an Ex-Date in relation to a Dividend has 
occurred on or prior to the Additional Exercise Date for 
such Certificate or, in respect of EMEA Participation 
Certificates or LATAM Participation Certificates, a 
Corporate Action has occurred on or prior to the Additional 
Exercise Date for such Certificate during the relevant 
Dividend Period but, in either case, the Settlement Date in 
respect of the related Cash Settlement Amount has not 
occurred prior to the Final Settlement Date, then such Cash 
Settlement Amount shall be payable in respect of such 
Certificate on the relevant Settlement Date and the Final 
Settlement Amount shall be payable on the relevant Final 
Settlement Date, as provided above, notwithstanding that 
such Settlement Date may fall after the Final Settlement 
Date in respect of such Certificate, PROVIDED THAT if 
the relevant Settlement Date has not occurred by the date 
falling two years after the Final Settlement Date for the 
relevant Certificate, the Issuer shall be discharged from its 
obligations in respect thereof and shall have no further 
obligation or liability whatsoever in respect of the relevant 
Cash Settlement Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Certificate is exercised 
during the Additional Exercise Period and the Final 
Settlement Date is the same day as a Settlement Date, then 
the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive 
both the Cash Settlement Amount which is payable to such 
Certificateholder in respect of such Settlement Date and the 
Final Settlement Amount.  
(iv) 
Settlement 
Subject as provided herein, on each date on which a cash 
amount falls to be paid in respect of any Certificate as 
provided above, the Issuer shall, on the relevant date, pay 
or cause to be paid the aggregate cash amounts due on such 
date to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for the 
account of the relevant Certificateholder such payment to 
be made in accordance with the rules of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. The Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
in respect of the amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown 
in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, as the holder of a particular number of the 
Certificates must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each such 
payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
All payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws 
and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment and 
subject to the provisions of General Condition 12 (Expenses and 
Taxation).

--- Page 1319 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1293 
 
(d) 
General 
The purchase of Certificates does not confer on any Certificateholder 
any rights (whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) 
attaching to any Share. 
6 
Settlement 
(a) 
Exercise Notice 
In order to receive any cash amount in respect of a Certificate, save 
where General Condition 5(a) (Automatic Exercise) or General 
Condition 5(b)(ii) applies, the relevant Warrantholders must deliver, 
or send by tested telex (confirmed in writing), a duly completed 
Exercise Notice (the form of which may be obtained from Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Warrant Agents during normal 
office hours) containing the information set out below to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy to the 
Principal Warrant Agent in accordance with the provisions set out in 
General Condition 5 (Exercise Rights and Early Termination) and 
this General Condition 6 (Settlement). 
The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and must: 
(i) 
specify the Series number of the Certificates and the number 
of Certificates the subject of such Exercise Notice; 
(ii) 
specify whether the Certificates the subject of the Exercise 
Notice are being exercised in respect of an Exercise Date, 
an Additional Exercise Date or, in respect of Saudi 
Participation Certificates, the Expiration Date (Saudi); 
(iii) 
in respect of the Final Settlement Date only: 
(A) 
specify the number of the Certificateholder's 
account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, to be debited with such 
Certificates; and 
(B) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to 
debit the relevant Certificateholder's account with 
such Certificates on or before the Final Settlement 
Date; 
(iv) 
specify the name and number of the Certificateholder's cash 
account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, to be credited with any Cash Settlement 
Amount or the Final Settlement Amount; 
(v) 
include an undertaking to pay or be liable for all Exercise 
Expenses, and an authority to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to deduct an amount in 
respect thereof from any Cash Settlement Amount or the 
Final Settlement Amount due to such Certificateholder 
and/or to debit a specified account of the Certificateholder 
at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, in respect thereof and to pay such Exercise Expenses; 
and 
(vi) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings.

--- Page 1320 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1294 
 
Failure properly to complete and deliver an Exercise Notice may 
result in such notice being treated as null and void. Any 
determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed 
and in proper form shall be made by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be (in consultation with the Principal 
Warrant Agent) and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, 
the Warrant Agents and the relevant Certificateholder.  Subject as 
set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete 
or not in proper form or which is not copied to the Principal Warrant 
Agent immediately after being delivered or sent to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in 
consultation with the Principal Warrant Agent, it shall be deemed to 
be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was 
delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and copied to the Principal Warrant Agent. 
Any Certificate with respect to which the Exercise Notice has not 
been duly completed and delivered in the manner set out above by 
the relevant cut-off time specified in General Condition 5(a) 
(Automatic Exercise) or General Condition 5(b) (Additional 
Exercise) shall become void. 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours promptly to notify the 
Certificateholder submitting an Exercise Notice if it has been 
determined as provided above that such Exercise Notice is 
incomplete or not in proper form.  In the absence of negligence or 
wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Warrant Agents, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be liable to any 
person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it 
in connection with such determination or the notification of such 
determination to a Certificateholder. 
(b) 
Verification 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the 
person specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the 
Certificates referred to therein according to its books. Subject 
thereto, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
will confirm to the Principal Warrant Agent the Series number and 
the number of Certificates being exercised and the account details 
for the payment of the relevant Cash Settlement Amount or the Final 
Settlement Amount or any other cash amounts payable in respect of 
the Certificates. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Principal 
Warrant Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. 
In relation to the Final Settlement Date, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will, on or before the relevant date, debit the account 
of the relevant Certificateholder with the Certificates being 
exercised. 
(c) 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Certificates is subject to all applicable laws, 
regulations and practices in force on the relevant Exercise Date, the 
relevant Additional Exercise Date or, in respect of Saudi 
Participation Certificates, the Expiration Date (Saudi), as the case 
may be, and none of the Issuer and the Warrant Agents shall incur

--- Page 1321 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1295 
 
any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions 
contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any 
such laws, regulations or practices.  None of the Issuer and the 
Warrant Agents shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts 
or defaults of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg in relation to 
the performance of its duties in relation to the Certificates.". 
(ii) 
Amendments to the Share Conditions 
In the event that an Additional Adjustment Event occurs in relation to a 
Corporate Action or a Dividend, as the case may be, the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(h) (Adjustment Events) shall not apply 
to that Additional Adjustment Event, except as otherwise provided herein.". 
(c) 
Exercise, Settlement and Early Termination for APAC Participation Certificates and 
APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates 
If the Certificates are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to be APAC 
Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates, the 
following shall apply: 
(i) 
Exercise 
In order to exercise a Certificate, the holder thereof must deliver, in 
accordance with General Condition 6 (Exercise and termination procedure), 
an Exercise Notice pursuant to the terms thereof, unless the Certificates are 
automatically exercised. 
If the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that a Certificateholder has the 
option to vary settlement and in an Exercise Notice a Certificateholder elects 
for settlement by way of physical delivery, then for the purposes of the 
provisions of General Condition 5(a)(i) (American Style Warrants), the 
Actual Exercise Date for such Physical Delivery Certificates shall be deemed 
to be the Exercise Notice Delivered Date, provided that a Certificateholder 
may only elect for settlement by way of physical delivery if the Exercise 
Notice Delivered Date is no later than the Physical Delivery Election Cut-off 
Date and provided further that the Certificates the subject of an Exercise 
Notice deemed delivered after the Physical Delivery Election Cut-off Date 
shall be deemed to be Cash Settled Certificates notwithstanding an election 
to the contrary in such Exercise Notice. 
(ii) 
Settlement 
In addition to the other requirements for an Exercise Notice as described in 
General Condition 6 (Exercise and termination procedure), in the case where 
physical delivery has been selected by the Issuer or, if the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies that a Certificateholder has the option to vary settlement, 
by the Certificateholder, the Certificateholder shall also be required in the 
Exercise Notice to acknowledge: 
(A) 
in the case of physical delivery of the Entitlement, it has made such 
regulatory filings and has obtained such approvals and accounts as 
may be necessary to permit physical delivery of the Entitlement; 
(B) 
if physical delivery is applicable, physical delivery of the 
Entitlement will only be made if permitted in accordance with all the 
applicable laws and regulations from time to time in force (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any applicable U.S. securities laws) and 
that, in the event that settlement by way of physical delivery is 
selected by it but:

--- Page 1322 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1296 
 
(I) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, relevant 
regulations do not permit such settlement by way of 
physical delivery as provided in the Conditions and the 
applicable Pricing Supplement relating to the Certificates 
the subject of such Exercise Notice; 
(II) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, such 
settlement by way of physical delivery would not follow 
customary market practice, or would otherwise not be in 
accordance with the Issuer's internal policies, or is not 
practicable; 
(III) 
if the relevant Exercise Notice is deemed to be delivered 
after the Physical Delivery Election Cut-off Date,  
then the Certificates shall be deemed to be Cash Settled Certificates 
and the Certificateholder shall receive the Cash Settlement Amount 
rather than the Entitlement, notwithstanding that settlement by way 
of physical delivery was specified in such Exercise Notice; 
(C) 
any Relevant Asset or Substitute Asset delivered by the Issuer may 
be subject to transfer restrictions and additional certifications may 
be required from such Certificateholder and, in the event that such 
additional certifications are required, an undertaking of such 
Certificateholder to provide such additional certifications; 
(D) 
it will pay any Additional Costs incurred by the Calculation Agent 
and an acknowledgement that delivery of the Entitlement shall be 
subject to payment of any such Additional Costs; 
(E) 
the Certificates may only be exercised in amounts that correspond to 
the Minimum Exercise Number (if any) specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement; and 
(F) 
in the discretion of the Calculation Agent, in the event that settlement 
by way of physical delivery is not practicable by reason of a 
Settlement Disruption Event or a Failure to Deliver, such 
Certificateholder will receive the Disruption Cash Settlement Price 
or the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price, as applicable, instead of 
the Entitlement as further described in the Conditions. 
(iii) 
Mandatory Early Termination 
(A) 
Definitions 
The Mandatory Early Termination provisions in the General 
Conditions apply and for such purpose: 
"Mandatory Early Termination Amount" means either the Final 
Settlement Amount or the Entitlement, as is specified to 
Warrantholders in the notice given to them in accordance with the 
Conditions, as the Issuer shall determine if the Certificates that are 
cancelled following a Mandatory Early Termination Event are either 
Cash Settled Certificates or Physical Delivery Certificates. For the 
purpose of determining the amount due or assets deliverable on a 
Mandatory Early Termination Date, the date specified in the notice 
given to Warrantholders or, if none, the date on which the Issuer 
gives notice to Warrantholders, will be deemed to be the Actual 
Exercise Date. 
"Mandatory Early Termination Event" means the determination 
by the Issuer at any time from and including the Issue Date to and

--- Page 1323 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1297 
 
including the Expiration Date to cancel all or some only of the 
outstanding Certificates. 
"Mandatory Early Termination Date" means such date as is 
specified to Warrantholders in the notice given to them in 
accordance with the Conditions specifying that a Mandatory Early 
Termination Event has occurred and such notice shall also specify 
the applicable Termination Cut-off Date for the purpose of the 
Conditions. 
(B) 
Partial Termination 
A Mandatory Early Termination Event may relate to all or some only 
of the Certificates. The Issuer will notify Warrantholders of the 
number of Certificates to be cancelled on the relevant Mandatory 
Early Termination Date in the notice given to them in accordance 
with the Conditions. In the event that the Issuer exercises its right to 
cancel some only of the outstanding Certificates, the Certificates to 
be cancelled will be selected in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
(C) 
Exercise by Warrantholders of Certificates the subject of a 
Mandatory Early Termination Event 
In the event that a Mandatory Early Termination Event occurs in 
respect of a Certificate, but on or before two Business Days prior to 
the relevant Mandatory Early Termination Date, an Exercise Notice 
is deemed by the Issuer to be delivered in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Exercise and termination procedure) in respect of such 
Certificate, then such Certificate will not be cancelled on the 
Mandatory Early Termination Date but will instead be settled as an 
exercise by the Warrantholder as otherwise provided herein. 
(d) 
Saudi Participation Certificates 
If the Certificates are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to be Saudi 
Participation Certificates, the following shall apply: 
(i) 
Adjustment Provisions 
(A) 
Increased Cost of Hedging 
The definition of "Increased Cost of Hedging" set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(m) (Definitions) shall be amended as 
follows by the deletion of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) thereof and the 
substitution of the words "conduct its Hedging" therefor. 
(B) 
Consequences of Adjustment Events 
The following shall be inserted at the end of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(h) (Adjustment Events): 
"In relation to an adjustment made by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(m) (Definitions), 
in its determination of the occurrence of any Adjustment Event or 
any related adjustments to the terms of the Certificates, the 
Calculation Agent shall take into account any amounts of Local 
Taxes that would be withheld from or paid by or otherwise incurred 
by a Hypothetical Investor as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
in connection with the relevant Adjustment Event.

--- Page 1324 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1298 
 
In the event that any adjustment made (or not made) by the 
Calculation Agent to the terms of the Certificates on the basis of 
assumptions regarding deliveries of securities or payments from the 
Share Company or to or by a Hypothetical Investor as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, which subsequently turns out to be incorrect, 
then the Calculation Agent may determine the necessary adjustments 
to any term of the Certificates (including, without limitation, 
adjusting the amount of any future payments) to correct the result of 
such incorrect assumption and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices).  Any such adjustment shall take effect on the 
date as specified in such notice.". 
(C) 
Corrections 
The reference to the "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date" in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(k) (Correction of published 
or announced prices or levels) shall be deemed to be a reference to 
each "Settlement Date" and the "Final Settlement Date", as 
applicable. 
(D) 
Realisation Disruption 
The definitions of "Hedging Party", "Hedging Position" and 
"Realisation Disruption Event" set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1(m) (Definitions) shall be deleted and the definitions of 
"Hedging Party" and "Hedging Position" in this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 6 (Participation Certificate Provisions) and 
the following definitions of "Realisation Disruption Event" and 
"Hedging" shall be substituted therefor: 
"Realisation Disruption Event means that any Hedging Party is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to conduct its 
Hedging (as defined below) or suffers any material delay in 
conducting its Hedging (PROVIDED THAT any such inability or 
delay did not already apply on the Trade Date)."  
"Hedging" means to: 
(i) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging Party deems 
necessary to hedge, in a commercially reasonable manner, 
the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk 
(including, but not limited to, any currency risk) of entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Certificates and/or any Hedging Positions; or 
(ii) 
freely realise, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer 
the proceeds of Hedging Positions between accounts within 
the jurisdiction of the Hedging Position (the Affected 
Jurisdiction) or from accounts within the Affected 
Jurisdiction to accounts outside of the Affected Jurisdiction; 
or 
(iii) 
without prejudice to (ii) above, transfer (A) amounts 
denominated in the Settlement Currency from accounts 
within the Local Jurisdiction (Share) to accounts outside 
such Local Jurisdiction (Share), to other accounts within 
such Local Jurisdiction (Share) or to the accounts of a non-
resident of such Local Jurisdiction (Share) or (B) amounts

--- Page 1325 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1299 
 
denominated in the Local Currency (Share) from accounts 
within the Local Jurisdiction (Share) to other accounts 
within such Local Jurisdiction (Share), to accounts outside 
such Local Jurisdiction (Share) or to the accounts of a non-
resident of such Local Jurisdiction (Share); or 
(iv) 
without prejudice to (ii) and (iii) above, convert the 
Settlement Currency into a Local Currency (Share) or a 
Local Currency (Share) into the Settlement Currency. 
(ii) 
Additional provisions for Saudi Participation Certificates 
It is a term of Saudi Participation Certificates and, by the purchase of a 
Certificate, each Certificateholder shall be deemed to acknowledge that: 
(A) 
none of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) and any Certificateholder shall acquire any interest in 
(including, without limitation, voting rights) or right to acquire or 
dispose of any underlying Shares by virtue of the issue or purchase 
of a Certificate, as applicable;  
(B) 
neither the Issuer nor any Certificateholder is obliged to sell, 
purchase, hold, deliver or receive any underlying Shares or to act in 
any specific manner in respect of any corporate action relating to any 
underlying Share; and 
(C) 
the primary right and obligation of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMFL) and Warrantholders is to receive 
and/or make the respective payments of cash thereunder, as 
applicable. 
(e) 
APAC Participation Certificates 
If the Certificates are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to be APAC 
Participation Certificates, the following shall apply: 
(i) 
Dividends 
The Issuer shall pay or procure the payment of any Dividend Amount in 
relation to each Certificate, such payment to be made to the Certificateholder, 
if the Certificateholder would have received such Dividend Amount 
following a sale of Shares executed on the Business Day preceding the Ex-
Date (as if such Certificateholder had been the buyer in such sale) 
notwithstanding that such person may not be the holder of the Certificate as 
of the relevant Settlement Date.   
As soon as practicable after the occurrence of an Ex-Date, the Issuer shall 
give notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 
(Notices)and to the Principal Warrant Agent stating the occurrence of the Ex-
Date, giving details thereof and setting out the method and anticipated date of 
payment of the relevant Dividend Amount. The Calculation Agent shall 
determine the person(s) to whom any Dividend Amount should be paid.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Certificates are Physical Delivery 
Certificates, the provisions of the penultimate paragraph of General Condition 
5(c)(ii) (Physical Delivery) shall apply to dividends (as defined in General 
Condition 5(c)(ii) (Physical Delivery)) payable in respect of the Shares from 
and including the Actual Exercise Date for such Certificates.

--- Page 1326 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1300 
 
(ii) 
Adjustment Provisions – Stock Dividends and Rights Issues 
In the event that a stock dividend or dividend in the form of Shares (a "Stock 
Dividend") in respect of the Shares is declared by the Share Company during 
the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Expiration 
Date, in lieu of making an adjustment to the Certificates, the Issuer may issue 
an amount of further Certificates (the "Further Certificates") to the 
Certificateholder, if the Certificateholder would have received such Stock 
Dividend following a sale of Shares executed on the Business Day preceding 
the date of declaration of such Stock Dividend (if such Certificateholder had 
been the buyer in such sale) to reflect the issue of the Stock Dividend (as 
adjusted for any Taxes, charges or expenses which the Calculation Agent 
determines would be or would have been, withheld or payable in the Share 
Currency in relation to or by or on behalf of a resident foreign investor, had 
such foreign investor received such Stock Dividend) notwithstanding that 
such person may not be the holder of the Certificate as of the date on which 
the Further Certificates are issued. Further Certificates issued pursuant to this 
paragraph may be issued to the Warrantholders free of charge or at an issue 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
In addition, in the event that a rights issue (a "Rights Issue") in respect of the 
Shares is declared by the Share Company during the period from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the Expiration Date, in lieu of 
making an adjustment to the Certificates, the Issuer may issue an amount of 
Further Certificates to the Certificateholder, if such Certificateholder would 
have received such Rights Issue following a sale of Shares executed on the 
Business Day preceding the date of declaration of such Rights Issue (if such 
Certificateholder had been the buyer in such sale) to reflect the Rights Issue 
(as adjusted for any Taxes, charges or expenses which the Calculation Agent 
determines would be or would have been, withheld or payable in the Local 
Jurisdiction (Share) in relation to or by or on behalf of a resident foreign 
investor had such foreign investor received such Rights Issue) 
notwithstanding that such person may not be the holder of the Certificate as 
of the date on which the Further Certificates are issued. Further Certificates 
issued pursuant to this paragraph may be issued to the Warrantholders at an 
issue price as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Issuer may issue the Further Certificates, if any, to the relevant person 
five Business Days following the day on which a foreign investor would have 
received the relevant Stock Dividends or Shares upon exercise of the Rights 
Issue or such later date as the Calculation Agent shall determine. The 
Calculation Agent shall determine the persons to whom the Further 
Certificates should be issued. 
If the Certificateholder holds more than one Certificate, the number of 
Certificates held by such Certificateholder may be aggregated for the 
purposes of determining the number of Further Certificates to be issued to 
such Certificateholder pursuant to the above. 
In the event that any Further Certificates are to be issued at an issue price, no 
Certificateholder will be obligated to purchase such Further Certificates but 
if such Further Certificates are not purchased pursuant to the relevant terms 
of offer, none of the Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor shall have any further 
obligations to the relevant Certificateholder in respect of such Stock Dividend 
or Rights Issue, as the case may be. 
Upon the declaration of a Stock Dividend or a Rights Issue by the Share 
Company and the election by the Issuer to issue Further Certificates, the 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) stating the declaration of the

--- Page 1327 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1301 
 
Stock Dividend or the Rights Issue, the election by the Issuer to issue Further 
Certificates and giving details thereof.  
(iii) 
Underlying RMB Disruption Event 
Where "Underlying RMB Disruption Event" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, upon the occurrence of an Underlying RMB 
Disruption Event, the Issuer may determine one or more of the following 
actions: 
(A) 
the First Valuation Date and/or any date for payment and/or delivery 
in respect of the Certificates be postponed to the tenth Business Day 
after the date on which the Underlying RMB Disruption Event, as 
determined by the Issuer, ceases to exist or, if that would not be 
commercially reasonable, as soon as commercially reasonable 
thereafter;  
(B) 
by giving notice to the Certificateholder(s) in accordance with 
General Condition 11 (Notices), cancel the Certificates. If the 
Certificates are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each 
Certificateholder in respect of each Certificate held by such holder, 
an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount. 
Upon the occurrence of an Underlying RMB Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give 
notice, as soon as practicable, to the holder(s) stating the occurrence of the Underlying 
RMB Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto. 
Where Realisation Disruption and/or any Additional Disruption Event is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement and an event occurs that could be a 
Realisation Disruption and/or an Additional Disruption Event or, alternatively, also be 
an Underlying RMB Disruption Event, the above Underlying RMB Disruption Event 
provisions will prevail.  
Where RMB Disruption Event and Underlying RMB Disruption Event are both 
specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement and an event or condition 
occurs that could be either be a RMB Disruption Event or an Underlying RMB 
Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent may determine which such provisions shall 
apply to such event or condition.   
For the purpose of the above: 
"Underlying RMB Disruption Event" means, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the occurrence of an Underlying RMB Illiquidity, an Underlying RMB 
Inconvertibility or an Underlying RMB Non-Transferability.  
Where: 
"Hedging Position" means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) 
other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into 
or maintained by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in order to hedge, individually 
or on a portfolio basis, the Certificates. 
"Underlying RMB Illiquidity" means the occurrence of any event or circumstances 
whereby (i) the general Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid 
(including, without limitation, the existence of any significant price distortion) as a 
result of which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the CGMFL Guarantor cannot obtain 
sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under the Certificates or (if 
applicable) any party to a Hedging Position would not be able to obtain sufficient 
Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under such Hedging Position; or (ii) it 
becomes impossible or impractical for the Issuer (or, if applicable, would be impossible

--- Page 1328 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1302 
 
or impractical for any party to a Hedging Position) to obtain a firm quote of any 
exchange rate relevant to the Certificates or any Hedging Position, in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Underlying RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event or existence 
of any condition that has the effect of it being impossible, impracticable or illegal for, 
or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, the 
Issuer or (if applicable) any party to a Hedging Position to convert (i) any amount as 
may be required to be paid by any party on any payment date in respect of the 
Certificates or (if applicable) any Hedging Position; or (ii) such other amount as may 
be determined by the Calculation Agent to be necessary to fulfil the physical delivery 
obligations (if any) on any settlement date, in Renminbi, other than where such 
impossibility, impracticality or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party 
and/or any of its Affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade 
Date of the first Tranche of this Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for 
the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of that 
party, to comply with such law, rule or regulation).  
"Underlying RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that 
makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer or (if applicable) any party 
to a Hedging Position and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver Renminbi between accounts 
inside any relevant Underlying RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from an account inside 
any relevant Underlying RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside any relevant 
Underlying RMB Settlement Centre(s) (including where the RMB clearing and 
settlement system for participating banks in any relevant Underlying RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended) or from an account outside any relevant 
Underlying RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account inside any relevant Underlying 
RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility, impracticality or 
illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date of the first Tranche 
of this Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for that party and/or any of 
its Affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of that party and/or any of its Affiliates 
(as applicable), to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Underlying RMB Settlement Centre(s)" means the financial centre(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Pricing Supplement in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations. If no Underlying RMB Settlement Centre is specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the Underlying RMB Settlement Centre shall be Hong Kong. 
(f) 
APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates 
If the Certificates are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to be APAC 
Convertible Bond Participation Certificates, the following shall apply: 
(i) 
Conversion Option 
(A) 
Election of conversion option 
In relation to each Certificate, each Certificateholder has the right to 
elect that some or all of the Certificates held by such 
Certificateholder be converted into Conversion APAC Participation 
Certificates as described below (such election the "Conversion 
Option"). The Conversion Option may be exercised by the relevant 
Certificateholder on any Business Day during the relevant Exercise 
Period by delivering an Exercise Notice in the manner set out in 
General Condition 6 (Exercise and termination procedure), the date 
of exercise of such Conversion Option in respect of a Certificate, the 
"Actual Exercise Date".

--- Page 1329 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1303 
 
In the event that the relevant Certificateholder elects to exercise the 
Conversion Option, following due exercise of such option and 
subject, in the case of Certificates represented by a Regulation S 
Global Certificate or a Combined Global Certificate (in respect of 
interests held by persons who are not Permitted QIB Purchasers) to 
certification as to Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser beneficial 
ownership and in the case of Certificates represented by a Combined 
Global Certificate or a 144A Global Certificate (in respect of 
interests held by persons who are Permitted QIB Purchasers) to 
certification as to Permitted QIB Purchaser status and to payment of 
any Expenses and PROVIDED THAT as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (i) the Calculation Agent is or would be permitted 
in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations to convert the 
Debt Securities Amount and does so convert or would be able so to 
convert the Debt Securities Amount into Shares in accordance with 
the terms of the relevant Debt Securities by the day falling five 
Business Days after the relevant Actual Exercise Date (the 
"Conversion Date") and (ii) the Issuer is or would be able to issue 
and/or deliver Conversion APAC Participation Certificates in 
accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and its internal 
policies and procedures, each such Certificate shall entitle its holder, 
in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, to receive a number of 
Conversion APAC Participation Certificates on such Conversion 
Date. 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Calculation Agent is not or would not be permitted in accordance 
with all applicable laws and regulations to convert the Debt 
Securities Amount into Shares in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Debt Securities or is not able or would not be able, having 
used reasonable endeavours, to so convert the Debt Securities 
Amount in accordance with the terms of the relevant Debt Securities 
by the Conversion Date and/or the Issuer is not or would not be able, 
having used reasonable endeavours, to issue and/or deliver 
Conversion APAC Participation Certificates in accordance with all 
applicable laws and regulations and its internal policies and 
procedures, the Certificates shall be deemed not exercised, the 
relevant Exercise Notice shall be null and void and the Calculation 
Agent shall use reasonable endeavours promptly to notify the 
relevant Certificateholder that the Exercise Notice is null and void. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and/or its Affiliates may, but 
are not obliged to, hold Debt Securities in order to hedge the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the Certificates and may, but are not obliged 
to, exercise any rights of conversion pursuant to the terms of such 
Debt Securities. 
(B) 
Exercise Notice 
For the purposes of the Conversion Option, the form of Exercise 
Notice set out in General Condition 6(a)(i) shall be amended as 
follows: 
(1) 
the words "and specify whether such Certificates are being 
exercised or whether the Conversion Option is being 
exercised pursuant to the Exercise Notice" shall be inserted 
after the words "the subject of the Exercise Notice" on the 
third line of paragraph (A) thereof; 
(2) 
the words "or, the Conversion Date (in the case of APAC 
Convertible Bond Participation Certificates following the

--- Page 1330 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1304 
 
exercise of the Conversion Option)" shall be inserted after 
the words "the Mandatory Early Termination Date" on the 
fourth and fifth lines of paragraph (C) thereof; 
(3) 
by the insertion of the following paragraphs as paragraph 
(J) and paragraph (K) thereof (and the remaining 
sub-paragraphs shall be renumbered): 
"(J) 
in the case of APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates following exercise of the 
Conversion Option, (A) in the case of Certificates 
represented by a Regulation S Global Certificate, a 
Rule 144A Global Certificate or a Combined 
Global Certificate held by a Common Depositary 
on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, 
specify 
the 
number 
of 
the 
Certificateholder's 
account 
at 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to 
be credited with the relevant Conversion APAC 
Participation Certificates for each Certificate or 
Unit, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise 
Notice, (B) in the case of Certificates represented 
by a Rule 144A Global Certificate held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC, specify the details of 
the account to be credited with the relevant 
Conversion APAC Participation Certificates for 
each Certificate or Unit, as the case may be, the 
subject of the Exercise Notice, as the case may be, 
the subject of the Exercise Notice; 
(K) 
in the case of APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates, include an undertaking 
to pay all Expenses and a confirmation that the 
delivery of any Conversion APAC Participation 
Certificates is subject to, inter alia, as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 
6(f)(i) 
(Conversion Option), and (A) in the case of 
Certificates represented by a Regulation S Global 
Certificate, a Rule 144A Global Certificate or a 
Combined Global Certificate held by a Common 
Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear, an authority to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear to debit a specified 
account of the Certificateholder at Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, in 
respect thereof and to pay such Expenses, (B) in the 
case of Certificates represented by a Rule 144A 
Global Certificate held by a Custodian on behalf of 
DTC, an authority to the New York Warrant Agent 
to debit a specified account of the Certificateholder 
in respect thereof and to pay such Expenses;"; and 
(4) 
the words "or certify, in the case of Certificates represented 
by a Combined Global Certificate or a 144A Global 
Certificate (in respect of interests held by persons who are 
Permitted QIB Purchasers), that the Certificateholder and 
the beneficial owner of each Certificate or Unit, as the case 
may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice is a Permitted 
QIB Purchaser and acknowledge that the Issuer may be 
relying on the exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A in issuing the

--- Page 1331 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1305 
 
Conversion APAC Participation Certificates" shall be 
inserted after the words "or as otherwise defined in the 
applicable Issue Terms" on the fifth and sixth lines of 
paragraph (L) thereof (such paragraph number, as amended 
as provided above). 
(ii) 
Coupon 
The Issuer shall pay or procure the payment of any Coupon Amount in 
relation to each Certificate on the relevant Settlement Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a Coupon Payment Date, the Issuer shall give notice 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) and 
to the Principal Warrant Agent stating the occurrence of the Coupon Payment 
Date, giving details thereof and setting out the method and anticipated date of 
payment of the relevant Coupon Amount. The Calculation Agent shall 
determine the person(s) to whom any Coupon Amount should be paid.  
(iii) 
Adjustment Provisions relating to Debt Securities 
(A) 
Early redemption of Debt Securities 
(1) 
Debt Security Partial Early Redemption, Debt Security 
Partial Compulsory Conversion, Debt Security Early 
Redemption Event and Debt Security Compulsory 
Conversion Event 
In the event that in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the Debt Securities are redeemed and/or converted 
in whole or in part prior to their stated maturity date 
pursuant to their terms for any reason (other than by reason 
of a Credit Event as set out below), the Issuer will: 
(a) 
in relation to a redemption in part (a "Debt 
Security Partial Early Redemption") and/or 
conversion in part (a "Debt Security Partial 
Compulsory Conversion") of the Debt Securities, 
require the Calculation Agent to determine 
whether such Debt Security Partial Early 
Redemption or Debt Security Partial Compulsory 
Conversion affects any Hedging Positions (the 
"Aggregate Hedge Position") or otherwise makes 
it impossible, impracticable or unduly onerous for 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates to hedge the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the Certificates and, if so, 
give notice to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with General Condition 11 (Notices) and the 
Issuer will: 
(i) 
 
(I) 
in respect of a Debt Security 
Partial Early Redemption, pay 
the 
Debt 
Security 
Early 
Redemption Amount in respect 
of each Certificate on the Debt 
Security Early Redemption Date; 
or 
(II)  
in respect of a Debt Security 
Partial Compulsory Conversion, 
in the determination of the Issuer

--- Page 1332 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1306 
 
either (i) if "Conversion APAC 
Participation Certificates" are 
specified as applicable in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, 
deliver one or more Conversion 
APAC Participation Certificates 
relating in aggregate to a number 
of 
Shares 
equal 
to 
the 
Conversion Share Amount, in 
respect 
of 
each 
Certificate, 
subject to payment by the 
relevant Certificateholder of any 
Expenses and subject to such 
rounding provisions as shall be 
determined by the Calculation 
Agent or (ii) pay the Debt 
Security 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount in respect of each 
Certificate on the Debt Security 
Early Redemption Date; and/or 
(ii) 
in respect of either a Debt Security 
Partial Early Redemption or a Debt 
Security Partial Compulsory Conversion, 
reduce the Debt Securities Amount by an 
amount equal to the Affected Portion 
and/or require the Calculation Agent to 
determine in its sole discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be 
made to the terms of the Certificates to 
account for the payment of any Debt 
Security Early Redemption Amounts or 
the delivery of any Conversion APAC 
Participation Certificates and determine 
the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
in relation to a redemption in whole (a "Debt 
Security Early Redemption Event") and/or 
conversion 
in 
whole 
(a 
"Debt 
Security 
Compulsory Conversion Event") of the Debt 
Securities, cancel the Certificates by giving notice 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices). If the Certificates are so 
cancelled, the Issuer will either (i) in respect of a 
Debt Security Compulsory Conversion Event, if 
"Conversion APAC Participation Certificates" are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, deliver one or more Conversion 
APAC Participation Certificates relating in 
aggregate to a number of Shares equal to the 
Conversion Share Amount, in respect of each 
Certificate, subject to payment by the relevant 
Certificateholder of any Expenses and subject to 
such rounding provisions as shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent or (ii) in respect of a 
Debt Security Early Redemption Event or a Debt 
Security Compulsory Conversion Event, pay the 
Debt Security Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of each Certificate on the Debt Security 
Early Redemption Date.

--- Page 1333 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1307 
 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 (Notices). 
In order to receive delivery of any Conversion 
APAC Participation Certificates as provided 
above, Warrantholders must deliver a duly 
completed Exercise Notice in accordance with the 
provisions of General Condition 6 (Exercise and 
termination procedure) on or prior to the date 
specified by the Issuer in the relevant notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates may, but are not obliged to, maintain 
any Aggregate Hedge Position in respect of the 
Certificates. 
(B) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(f)(iii), 
the following definitions apply: 
"Conversion Share Amount" means, in respect of a Debt Security 
Partial Compulsory Conversion or a Debt Security Compulsory 
Conversion Event, an amount of Shares equal to the number of 
Shares into which (i) in respect of a Debt Security Partial 
Compulsory Conversion, each Certificate's pro rata portion (the 
"Affected Portion") of the nominal amount of Debt Securities 
comprising the Aggregate Hedge Position affected by the Debt 
Security Partial Compulsory Conversion or (ii) in respect of a Debt 
Security Compulsory Conversion Event, the Debt Securities 
Amount, is converted pursuant to the terms of the Debt Securities, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Debt Security Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of 
each Certificate, (A) in respect of a Debt Security Partial Early 
Redemption or a Debt Security Early Redemption Event, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount which a 
foreign investor would have received pursuant to the terms of the 
Debt Securities as a result of the Debt Security Early Redemption 
Event (the "Debt Security Early Redemption Proceeds") if it held 
the Debt Security Early Redemption Securities Amount (less all 
Expenses), such resulting amount to be converted into the Settlement 
Currency at the Debt Security Early Redemption Exchange Rate or 
(B) in respect of a Debt Security Partial Compulsory Conversion or 
a Debt Security Compulsory Conversion Event, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the product of (a) the Average Share Price 
converted into the Settlement Currency at the Debt Security Early 
Redemption Exchange Rate and (b) the Conversion Share Amount. 
Where: 
"Average Share Price" means the price per Share (less any 
Sale Costs) arising from the sale by the Calculation Agent 
of the Sold Shares and where the Sold Shares are sold, at 
the option of and in the manner determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in such numbers of the Shares and at 
such times on the date falling one Scheduled Trading Day 
after the date of the occurrence of the Debt Security Partial 
Compulsory Conversion or the Debt Security Compulsory

--- Page 1334 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1308 
 
Conversion Event (the "Debt Security Conversion Event 
Date"),  
PROVIDED THAT, the Calculation Agent shall have the 
discretion not to sell on the Exchange all or any of the Sold 
Shares on the Debt Security Conversion Event Date (for 
any reason) and those Shares comprising the Sold Shares 
not sold on the Debt Security Conversion Event Date shall 
be sold as soon thereafter as the Calculation Agent 
determines in its commercially reasonable judgement. The 
period of Scheduled Trading Days from and including the 
Debt Security Conversion Event Date to the Scheduled 
Trading Day on which all the Sold Shares have been sold 
shall be the "Share Valuation Period". 
References herein to a sale of Shares shall be deemed to be 
references to a notional or actual sale of Shares by the 
Calculation Agent as a foreign investor and references to 
"sell" and "sold" shall be construed accordingly.  
"Sale Costs" means (without double counting and 
expressed on a per Share basis), the sum of: (a) any 
Exercise Expenses in relation to a sale of Sold Shares; and 
(b) an amount, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal 
to the commission that the Issuer or its Affiliates would 
ordinarily charge its clients for a sale of Sold Shares. 
"Sold Shares" means an amount of Shares equal to the 
product of A and B where A means the Conversion Share 
Amount and B means the number of Certificates 
outstanding on the Debt Security Conversion Event Date.  
"Debt Security Early Redemption Date" means the date falling 
five Business Days after the date on which a foreign investor would 
have received actual cash payment of the Debt Security Early 
Redemption Proceeds or delivery of the Shares into which the 
relevant Debt Securities are converted pursuant to their terms. 
"Debt Security Early Redemption Exchange Rate" means the 
Security Currency/Settlement Currency exchange rate (expressed as 
the number of units of the Security Currency (or part thereof) for 
which one unit of the Settlement Currency can be exchanged) 
determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it deems appropriate. Where the Security 
Currency and the Settlement Currency are the same currency, then 
the Early Redemption Exchange Rate shall be 1. 
"Debt Security Early Redemption Securities Amount" means (i) 
in respect of a Debt Security Partial Early Redemption, each 
Certificate's pro rata portion (the "Affected Portion") of the nominal 
amount of Debt Securities comprising the Aggregate Hedge Position 
affected by the Debt Security Partial Early Redemption and (ii) in 
respect of a Debt Security Early Redemption Event, the Debt 
Securities Amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
Adjustments to the terms of the Debt Securities 
If on or prior to the Final Settlement Date in respect of any 
Certificate, the Securities Issuer makes a material change to the 
terms of the Debt Securities, then the Issuer may require the 
Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any,

--- Page 1335 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1309 
 
to be made to the terms of the Certificates to account for such change 
and determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
(D) 
Notification 
Upon the occurrence of a Debt Security Early Redemption Event or 
an adjustment to the terms of the Debt Securities as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(f)(iii)(C) above, the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Debt Security Early Redemption Event or material 
change, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(iv) 
Credit Event Termination 
(A) 
Occurrence of a Credit Event 
In the event that a Credit Event occurs during the period from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (and including) the Expiration Date (the 
"Certificate Term") and the Calculation Agent delivers a Credit 
Event Notice and a Notice of Publicly Available Information to the 
Issuer, the Issuer may give notice (such notice a "Certificateholder 
Credit Event Notice") to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 (Notices) and cancel the Certificates. If the 
Certificates are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay the Credit Event 
Amount in respect of each Certificate on the Credit Event 
Redemption Date. Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices). 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Issuer gives a 
Certificateholder Credit Event Notice as provided above, all 
Certificates in respect of which no Cash Settlement Amount has been 
paid will be cancelled, including those in respect of which an 
Exercise Notice has been given prior to the giving of the 
Certificateholder Credit Event Notice but in relation to which no 
Cash Settlement Amount has been paid. 
(B) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(f): 
"Bankruptcy" means the Reference Entity: 
(I) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger);  
(II) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or 
admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative 
proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts 
as they become due; 
(III) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, 
or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or 
composition becomes effective; 
(IV) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its

--- Page 1336 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1310 
 
winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such 
proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, 
such proceeding or petition (x) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation 
or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in 
each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or 
presentation thereof or before the Expiration Date, 
whichever is earlier; 
(V) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger);  
(VI) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets;  
(VII) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially 
all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued 
on or against all or substantially all its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or any such process is 
not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within thirty calendar days thereafter or before the 
Expiration Date, whichever is earlier; or 
(VIII) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, 
under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses 
(i) to (vii) (inclusive). 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed 
Money" definition that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, 
note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt 
security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of 
Borrowed Money. 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation 
under a revolving credit arrangement for which there are no 
outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment 
or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without 
limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from 
drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of any one or more of 
"Bankruptcy", "Failure to Pay", "Obligation Acceleration", 
"Obligation Default", "Repudiation/Moratorium", "Restructuring" or 
"Governmental Intervention", as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such 
occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such 
occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a 
defence based upon: 
(I) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the 
Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation or, as 
applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any 
Underlying Obligation;

--- Page 1337 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1311 
 
(II) 
any 
actual 
or 
alleged 
unenforceability, 
illegality, 
impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Obligation or, 
as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however 
described;  
(III) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, 
however described, or the promulgation of, or any change 
in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with 
competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, 
order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or  
(IV) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, 
capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed 
by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
"Credit Event Amount" means the amount specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, which may be zero.  
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the 
Calculation Agent (which may be by telephone) to the Issuer (which 
the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) 
that describes a Credit Event that occurred during the Certificate 
Term. 
"Credit Event Redemption Date" means the day falling five 
Business Days after the final Scheduled Trading Day of the relevant 
Valuation Period. 
"Default Requirement" means U.S.$10,000,000 or its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
"Failure to Pay" means after the expiration of any applicable Grace 
Period (after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference 
Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the 
time of such failure. 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a 
specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the Reference 
Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying 
Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap 
determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable 
inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other 
amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be 
considered to be variable inputs). 
"Governmental Authority" means: 
(I) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof);  
(II) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, 
inter-governmental or supranational body; 
(III) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either 
designated as a resolution authority or charged with the 
regulation or supervision of the financial markets

--- Page 1338 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1312 
 
(including a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some 
or of all of its obligations; or 
(IV) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities 
specified in sub-paragraphs (I) to (III) hereof. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or 
more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made 
by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a 
restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar 
law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in 
a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is 
expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(I) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest 
payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium 
payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates 
for either (I) the payment or accrual of interest, or 
(II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of 
any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such 
Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(II) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily 
changes the beneficial holder of the Obligation; 
(III) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(IV) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in paragraphs (I) to (III) hereof. 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the 
term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations 
for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying 
Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(I) 
subject to paragraph (II) below, the applicable grace period 
with respect to payments under the relevant Obligation 
under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date 
as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; and 
(II) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or 
incurred, no grace period with respect to payments or a 
grace period with respect to payments of less than three 
Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms 
of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period 
Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; 
provided that such deemed Grace Period shall expire no 
later than the Expiration Date.

--- Page 1339 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1313 
 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle 
payments in the place or places and on the days specified, for that 
purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so 
specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET2 
Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments 
in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation 
Currency. 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed 
Money" definition that is documented by a term loan agreement, 
revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall 
not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable 
notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be in writing 
(including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone) to the 
Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the 
obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly Available Information 
confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event described in the Credit 
Event Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description 
in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. 
If a Credit Event Notice contains Publicly Available Information, 
such Credit Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information. 
"Obligation" means any obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) which is a Payment 
obligation. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement have 
become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due 
and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a 
default, event or default or other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in 
respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which 
an Obligation is denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement have 
become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis 
of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make 
any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one 
or more Obligations. 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, 
contingent or otherwise) for the payment or repayment of money, 
including without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
"Payment Requirement" means U.S.$1,000,000 or its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that 
reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination

--- Page 1340 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1314 
 
that the Credit Event described in a Credit Event Notice has occurred 
and which: 
(I) 
has been published in or on not less than two Public Sources, 
(regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee 
to obtain such information);  
(II) 
is information received from or published by (x) the 
Reference Entity or (y) a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility 
agent or agent bank for an Obligation;   
(III) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice or 
filing, however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, 
exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body; or 
(IV) 
in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, is a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
an event constitutes a Credit Event (where "DC Secretary", 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" and 
"Resolve" are each as defined in the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA 
on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website 
thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to 
time in accordance with the terms thereof), 
provided that where any information of the type described in 
sub-paragraph (II) or (III) hereof is not publicly available, it can only 
constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other 
restriction surrounding the confidentiality of such information. 
(I) 
In relation to any information of the type described in 
paragraphs and (b) and (c) above, the Calculation Agent 
may assume that such information has been disclosed to it 
without violating any law, agreement understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information and that the entity disclosing such information 
has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or 
understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of 
the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would 
prevent, the disclosure of such information to third parties.   
(II) 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need 
not state that the relevant occurrence: 
(a) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default 
Requirement; 
(b) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace 
Period; or  
(c) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain 
Credit Events. 
(III) 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, the 
Notice of Publicly Available Information must relate to the 
events described in both subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of the 
definition of Repudiation/Moratorium.

--- Page 1341 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1315 
 
"Public Source" means each of Bloomberg Reuters, Dow Jones 
Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon 
Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shinbun, Yomiuri Shinbun, Financial Times, 
La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and 
Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of 
business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is 
organised and any other internationally recognised published or 
electronically displayed news sources. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written 
instrument (which may include a statute or regulation) pursuant to 
which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except 
for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed 
Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which another party is 
the Underlying Obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by 
guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement 
which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing 
law).  A Qualifying Guarantees shall not include any guarantee which 
is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or 
letter of credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto 
in form). 
"Reference Entity" means, for the purposes of this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 6(f), the Securities Issuer and any direct or 
indirect successor to the Securities Issuer that assumes the 
obligations under the Debt Securities by way of merger, 
consolidation, amalgamation, transfer or otherwise, whether by 
operation of law or pursuant to any agreement, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the 
following events: 
(I) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority: 
(a) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in 
whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one 
or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement; or  
(b) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, 
roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, 
with respect to one or more Obligations in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement; and 
(II) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment 
Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined without 
regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such 
Obligation occurs on or prior to the Expiration Date. 
"Restructuring" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations 
and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a 
form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient 
number of holders of the Obligation to bind all the holders of such 
Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference 
Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders

--- Page 1342 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1316 
 
of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, 
by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for 
under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Issue 
Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred:  
(I) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the 
amount of scheduled interest accruals (including, in each 
case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange);  
(II) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable 
at redemption (including by way of redenomination); 
(III) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either 
(A) the payment or accrual of interest or (B) the payment 
of principal or premium; 
(IV) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any 
Obligation, causing the Subordination of such Obligation 
to any other Obligation; or 
(V) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment 
of interest, principal or premium to any currency other than 
the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the 
United Kingdom and the United States of America and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, 
shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the 
euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall 
constitute a Restructuring: 
(a) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or 
premium in relation to an Obligation denominated 
in a currency of a member state of the European 
Union that adopts or has adopted the single 
currency 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Treaty 
establishing 
the 
European 
Community, 
as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union;  
(b) 
the redenomination from euros into another 
currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a member state of the European 
Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and 
(B) a freely available market rate of conversion 
between euros and such other currency existed at 
the time of such redenomination and there is no 
reduction in the rate of amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable, as determined by 
reference to such freely available market rate of 
conversion; 
(c) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement 
of any of the events described in (I) to (V) above 
due to an administrative adjustment, accounting 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical 
adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of 
business; and

--- Page 1343 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE FOR WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1317 
 
(d) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement 
of any of the events described in (I) to (V) above 
in circumstances where such event does not 
directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in 
the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference Entity provided that in respect of (V) 
above only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference 
Entity 
is 
required 
where 
the 
redenomination is from euros into another 
currency and occurs as a result of action taken by 
Governmental Authority of a member state of the 
European Union which is of general application in 
the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
(e) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as 
to whether one of the events described under (I) to 
(V) above has occurred will be based on a 
comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately 
prior to such exchange and the terms of the 
resulting obligations immediately following such 
exchange. 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the Second 
Obligation) and another obligation of the Reference Entity to which 
such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a 
contractual, trust or other similar arrangement providing that (i) upon 
the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the 
Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation will be 
satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation, 
or (ii) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to 
receive or retain principal payments in respect of their claims against 
the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in 
payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation.  
Subordinated will be construed accordingly.  For purposes of 
determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation 
is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is being 
compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by 
operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit 
enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into account 
and (y) in the case of the Reference Obligations, the ranking in 
priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it 
was issued or incurred and shall not reflect any change to such 
ranking in priority of payment after such date.   
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the 
obligation which is the subject of the guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying 
Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, the borrower in the case 
of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying 
Obligation.

--- Page 1344 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1318 
 
SECTION H.4 –FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the 
period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, sold  
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided 
above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.]14 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in the United Kingdom for which a UK PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] 
[⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any "retail 
investor" in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]15 
[Subject as provided above, any]/[Any] person making or intending to make an offer of the Securities in 
any Member State of the EEA may only do so[: 
(a) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in item [6] of Part B below, provided such person 
is one of the persons mentioned in item [11] of Part B below and that such offer is made during 
the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein and that any conditions relevant to the use 
of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(b) 
otherwise]16 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. 
 
14  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
15  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
16  
Consider including this legend where a Non-exempt Offer of Securities is anticipated.

--- Page 1345 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1319 
 
None of the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]17 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]18 and any Dealer has authorised, 
nor do any of them authorise, the making of any offer of Securities in any other circumstances. 
For the purposes hereof, the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended).  
[[The Base Prospectus is scheduled to expire on 18 November 2025. The Issuer [and the Guarantor] 
intend[s] that the Base Prospectus will be updated on or prior to such date.] [The Base Prospectus is 
scheduled to expire on 18 November 2025, but the Issuer [and the Guarantor] anticipate[s] that the Base 
Prospectus will be updated and replaced on or around [⚫]]. The updated base prospectus will be available 
on [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)] [the website of the London Stock Exchange 
(www.londonstockexchange.com)] [and] [the website of [⚫] ([⚫])].]19 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - [Other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities [during the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which 
a key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act ("FinSA") or an 
equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared,] [t][T]he Securities are not intended to be offered 
or recommended to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
("FinSA")/FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a "private client" means a person who is not one 
(or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-
in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in 
Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 
58(2) FinSA.]20 
[The Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of 
FinSA, and this Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any other offering or marketing material relating 
to the Securities may not be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available to investors in 
Switzerland other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer or 
distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. Neither this Final Terms, nor the Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to FinSA.]21 
[The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning 
of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). They are neither subject to 
authorisation nor supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and 
investors in Securities will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by any Swiss 
regulatory authority and are exposed to the risk of the Issuer and Guarantor (if applicable).]22 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any State thereof.  The Securities do not 
constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options 
thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), and 
trading in the Securities has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
"CFTC") pursuant to the CEA.  No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator 
of the Issuer under the CEA and the rules of the CFTC thereunder.  The Issuer has not registered and will 
not register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
[Accordingly, the Securities are being offered only to persons who are Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers 
in offshore transactions in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S").  Each 
purchaser of the Securities or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and 
 
17 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
18 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
19  
Include in respect of a Tranche of Securities for which the offer spans an update of the Base Prospectus. 
20  
Include if Securities are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland. 
21  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities is not filed and deposited with a review body in 
Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
22  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland.

--- Page 1346 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1320 
 
agreed that it is a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser and that it will not sell or otherwise transfer the Securities 
or any beneficial interest therein at any time except to (1) the Issuer or its affiliates or (2) a Permitted 
Non-U.S. Purchaser in an offshore transaction in compliance with Regulation S.]23 
[Accordingly, the Securities are being offered only to persons who are Permitted QIB Purchasers in 
reliance upon Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A").  Each purchaser of the Securities or 
any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it is a Permitted QIB 
Purchaser and that it will not sell or otherwise transfer the Securities or any beneficial interest therein at 
any time except to (1) the Issuer or its affiliates or (2) a Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with 
Rule 144A and the securities laws of each State of the United States.]24 
[Accordingly, the Securities are being offered only to persons who are Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers 
in offshore transactions in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or 
Permitted QIB Purchasers in reliance upon Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A").  Each 
purchaser of the Securities or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and 
agreed that it is either a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB Purchaser and that it will not 
sell or otherwise transfer the Securities or any beneficial interest therein at any time except to (1) the 
Issuer or its affiliates, (2) a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in compliance with Regulation S or (3) a 
Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A and the securities laws of each State of the 
United States.]25 
[A "Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser" is a person that (i) is outside the United States at the time of any 
offer or sale of the Securities to it and is not a "U.S. person" as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) 
of Regulation S; (ii) does not come within any definition of U.S. person for any purpose under the CEA 
or any rule, order, guidance or interpretation proposed or issued by the CFTC under the CEA (for the 
avoidance of doubt, a U.S. person shall include without limitation (a) any person who is either (x) not a 
"Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for 
the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-
United States persons" or (y) not a "foreign located person" as defined in CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii) and 
(b) any person who is a "U.S. Person" or a "Significant Risk Subsidiary", or benefits from a "Guarantee", 
in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA, as such rule may be 
amended, revised, supplemented or superseded); (iii) is not a "U.S. Person" as defined in Rule 3a71-
3(a)(4) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (iv) is not, and whose 
purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee 
benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other plan 
or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code.]26 
[A "Permitted QIB Purchaser" is a person that (i) is a "qualified institutional buyer" (as defined in Rule 
144A) (a "QIB"), purchasing (or holding) the Securities for its own account or for the account of one or 
more QIBs and is aware that the offer and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; and (ii) is 
not, and whose purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, 
an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to 
Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee 
benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to 
Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.]27 
 
23  
Include for Regulation S Global Securities and Securities issued in dematerialised form. 
24  
Include for Rule 144A Global Securities. 
25  
Include for Combined Global Securities. 
26  
Include for (a) Regulation S Global Securities and Securities issued in dematerialised form and (b) Combined Global Securities only. 
27  
Include for (a) Rule 144A Global Securities and (b) Combined Global Securities only.

--- Page 1347 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1321 
 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Securities, see "General Information 
relating to the Programme and the Securities - Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus. 
[The Securities are intended to qualify as eligible debt securities for purposes of the Federal Reserve's 
total loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") rule. As a result, in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, 
Citigroup Inc.'s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on Citigroup 
Inc.'s shareholders and then on its unsecured creditors, including the holders of the Securities. Further, 
in a bankruptcy proceeding of Citigroup Inc., any value realised by holders of the Securities may not be 
sufficient to repay the amounts owed on the Securities. For more information about the consequences of 
TLAC on the Securities, you should refer to "Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Securities 
issued by Citigroup Inc." in the section "Description of Citigroup Inc" in the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base 
Prospectus.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") - The Issuer has determined the classification of 
the Securities as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA- N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].28 
[Include if the Securities or Underlying(s) are labelled or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", 
"social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar objectives: Securities or the Underlying(s) of Securities may be 
described or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar 
objectives. Notwithstanding the use of such term(s), such Securities or Underlying(s) (or the 
administrator(s) thereof) (a) may not meet investors' objectives or expectations as regarding investments 
having such or similar labels or objectives and/or (b) may not fulfil legislative or regulatory requirements 
or criteria as regarding investments having such or other similar labels or objectives.] 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]29 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395]/[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53] 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche/(specify aggregate number of Securities or 
Units of Tranche) Units of (specify principal amount of each Unit)] [Title of Securities] 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.]30 [Guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited]31 
Under the Citi Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
under the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
 
28  
To insert notice if classification of the Securities is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / 
they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA. A notification of the product classification is required as long as an offer of securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer 
is not, or not intended to be, restricted to persons specified in Regulation 2 of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (i.e. an "accredited investor", "expert investor", "institutional investor" or "any other person that is not an 
individual"). 
29  
Delete as applicable. 
30  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
31  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1348 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1322 
 
each relevant Schedule) in the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]], which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
[[This Final Terms does not constitute final terms of the offer within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and has not been deposited with the CSSF.] The Final Terms [will be] and the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] [has][have] been filed and deposited with a review body in 
Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of FinSA for the purposes of an offer of the 
Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented].]32 / [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.]33 This Final Terms 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the 
Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]34 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]35 and the offer of the Securities is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] [up to, and including, [the later of] [the close of the offer period] [and] [the date of listing 
of the Securities]]. [A Summary of the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [and the translation of the Summary into [insert language 
required by any relevant Public Offer Jurisdictions]] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the 
Paying Agents and on [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on the 
website of [⚫] at [⚫]]. [In addition, this Final Terms is available [ [on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com)] 
[and] 
[on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com)] [and on the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]] [and] [insert method of publication 
required in any relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) and/or any jurisdiction in which the securities are 
admitted to trading.]] (N.B. Consideration should be given as to how the Final Terms will be published 
in the event that the Securities are not listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange but are publicly 
offered)36.  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, "Base 
Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] GMI Base Prospectus in relation to the 
Programme dated 18 November 2024.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, "Base 
Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] GMI Base Prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 18 November 2024, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] 
Supplement [No. [⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No. [⚫]) dated [⚫] (Supplement No. [⚫] and, together with 
Supplement No. [⚫], the "Supplements")].] 
[Insert the following if the Securities are listed on the Open Market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange: 
The Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse 
Frankfurt AG) is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II.] 
[Insert the following if the Securities are listed on the multilateral trading facility of securitised 
derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the SeDeX): The 
multilateral trading facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX") is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II.] 
[Insert the following if the Securities are listed on the multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.: The multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
(the "EuroTLX") is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II.] 
 
 
 
32  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities is or will be (as applicable) filed and deposited 
with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
33  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with the CSSF. 
34 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
35 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
36 
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 1349 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1323 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing this Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Citigroup 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Holdings 
Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg 
S.C.A.]37 
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Limited/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc. are guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.  Only 
Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A. are guaranteed by Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited) 
2. 
(i) 
Type of Security: 
[Note[s]] [Certificate[s]] 
 
 
[Exercise 
style: 
the 
Certificates 
are 
[European 
style]/[Multiple Exercise] Certificates [and Automatic 
Exercise applies]] (applicable in the case where 
"Certificate[s]" is specified above") (if applicable, replace 
references in the Final Terms to redemption with references 
to termination, references to interest with references to 
coupon and references to maturity date with settlement date) 
 
 
[Notes, but referred to as "Certificates"] (if applicable, 
complete the Final Terms as if the Securities were Notes 
save to replace references in the Final Terms to "Note(s)" 
with "Certificates(s)", references to redemption with 
references to termination, references to interest with 
references to premium and references to maturity date with 
final termination date) 
(for Swedish Securities in the form of Certificates, 
Automatic Exercise shall apply) 
 
 
[Italian Listed Notes] [Italian Listed Certificates] 
 
 
[Insert in the case of Italian Listed Certificates: [Each 
reference herein to "Note(s)" shall be construed to be to 
"Certificate(s)" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. In addition, [(i)] references herein to 
"redemption" and "redeem" shall be construed to be to 
"termination" and "terminate", [references herein to 
"principal" and "principal amount", respectively, shall be 
construed to be to "invested amount",] [references herein to 
"nominal amount" shall be construed to be to "calculation 
amount",] [references herein to "settlement" and "settle" and 
"settled" shall be construed to be to, respectively, 
"termination" and "terminate" and "terminated"] and 
references herein to "redemption", "redeem" and "Maturity 
Date" shall be construed to be references to "termination", 
"terminate" and "Final Termination Date" [and (ii) 
 
37  
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 1350 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1324 
 
references herein to "interest", "Interest Payment Date", 
"Interest Period"[,/and] "Interest Rate" [and "Interest 
Underlying"] shall be construed to be references to 
"premium", 
"Premium 
Payment 
Date", 
"Premium 
Period"[,/and] 
"Premium 
Rate" 
[and 
"Premium 
Underlying"], respectively]] [and all related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly]] (Include each term as 
applicable) 
 
(ii) 
Governing Law: 
[English/New York/French/Irish] Law  
[The Securities are also [Swedish Securities [(and therefore 
the Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts from the 
register of creditors (Sw. skuldbok) from Euroclear 
Sweden)]] [Finnish Securities [(and therefore the Issuer 
shall, subject to regulations of Euroclear Finland and 
applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear 
Finland a list of the holders of Finnish Securities, 
PROVIDED THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear 
Finland to maintain such a list)]]] (Swedish Securities and 
Finnish Securities may only be English Law Securities) 
 
(iii) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, specify details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Securities become 
fungible) 
 
(v) 
Date on which the Securities 
will be consolidated and form 
a single Series: 
[Not Applicable] [The [identify present Tranche] will be 
consolidated and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranches] on [⚫]/[the Issue Date]]  
3. 
Settlement Currency or Currencies: 38  
[ ⚫]/[The Securities are Dual Currency Securities. 
"Settlement Currency" means: 
 
 
(a) 
in respect of the Specified Denomination (if 
applicable) and the Calculation Amount (the 
"Denomination Currency"): [⚫]  
 
 
(b) 
in respect of payments and/or deliveries (the "DC 
Relevant Currency"): [⚫]] 
 
[Resultant 
figure(s) in Euro 
of 
amount(s) 
specified 
herein 
denominated in a currency other than 
Euro:  
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law Securities only, 
delete if not relevant) 
[The Aggregate Principal Amount, Specified Denomination 
and any other amount(s) specified herein have been 
translated into Euro at the exchange rate of [⚫] [specify 
currency other than euro] equal to EUR1.00, producing a 
sum of: EUR [⚫]]  
 
[Method for translating into Euro any 
amount(s) denominated in a currency 
other than Euro payable under the 
Securities: 
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law Securities only, 
delete if not relevant and if payments to be made under the 
Securities are to be made in Euro)  
[The 
[specify 
relevant 
amount(s) 
specified 
herein 
denominated in a currency other than Euro] will be 
 
38  
For domestic issues whose settlement is made from an account located in France, payments with respect to the French Law Securities 
shall be made in euros (pursuant to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil).

--- Page 1351 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1325 
 
translated into Euro at the [specify currency other than 
Euro]/EUR exchange rate (spot/bid) prevailing at the date of 
settlement of such amount(s) at the time or times as the 
[Calculation 
Agent]/[Determination 
Agent] 
deems 
appropriate and the resultant figure will be rounded to the 
nearest euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards)]] 
4. 
[Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/[Number of Securities]: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[ ⚫][Securities][Units (each Unit being [ ⚫] in principal 
amount of the Securities)] [(each Unit consisting of [⚫] 
Securities)] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ ⚫][Securities][Units (each Unit being [ ⚫] in principal 
amount of the Securities)]/[(each Unit consisting of [ ⚫] 
Securities)] 
 
 
[The Securities are issued in Units. Accordingly, "references 
herein to Units" shall be deemed to be references to [[⚫] in 
principal amount of the]/[a number of [⚫]] Securities and all 
references in the Conditions to payments and/or deliveries 
being made in respect of a Security shall be construed to 
such payments and/or deliveries being made in respect of a 
Unit] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Aggregate Principal 
Amount / Number of Securities in respect of each Tranche) 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date](insert for fungible issues, 
if applicable)] [converted into the DC Relevant Currency at 
the Initial FX Rate, being [specify in DC Relevant Currency] 
in respect of the Aggregate Principal Amount. "Initial FX 
Rate" means [⚫]]/[[⚫] per Security]/[⚫] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Price in respect of 
each Tranche) 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[⚫]/[Unit]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable for Notes – 
specify "Not Applicable" for Certificates) 
 
 
(in the case of Registered Securities, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be made) 
 
 
(In respect of Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities and 
French Law Securities which are Notes, there shall be one 
denomination only.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫][Unit][per Certificate] 
 
 
(If the Securities are Notes with only one Specified 
Denomination, insert the Specified Denomination. If more 
than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. N.B. There must be a common factor in the 
case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
 
 
(For Certificates, the Calculation Amount does not reflect a 
principal amount, but the term must be specified as it is

--- Page 1352 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1326 
 
necessary for use in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
and other places.) 
7. 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date: 
[[⚫]]/[[⚫] Business Days following the Initial Preference 
Share Reference Date, which is expected to be [⚫]] (Specify 
for Preference Share Linked Securities only) 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Date in respect of 
each Tranche) 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[⚫][Issue Date] [As set out in the Table at item 10 below] 
[Not Applicable]  
(Where there is more than one interest basis then the Interest 
Commencement Date for each interest basis should be 
specified by inserting the Interest Basis Table at item 10 
below) 
8. 
[Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[ ⚫][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [and extension in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension)] 
(Only applicable if the Securities are Credit-Linked 
Securities and "2014 Reference Entity" applies) / [and 
extension in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 6 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension)] (Only applicable if 
the Securities are Credit-Linked Securities and "2003 
Reference Entity" applies) [Interest Payment Date falling on 
or nearest to [⚫]][ where EMTA provisions are applicable in 
respect of any FX Rate: or, if later, the Number of Settlement 
Business Days following the [last occurring] Final 
Valuation Date] 
 
 
[The Final Valuation Date] (Specify for Preference Share 
Linked Securities only)] 
 
(If the Securities are Certificates, 
delete the above and insert the 
following: 
 
 
[Exercise Date(s): 
[Each] [Valuation Date]/[The Final Valuation Date] 
 
Settlement Date: 
[ ⚫][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to 
[⚫]][where EMTA provisions are applicable in respect of 
any FX Rate: or, if later, the Number of Settlement Business 
Days following the [last occurring] Final Valuation Date] 
9. 
Type of Interest / Redemption: 
[[Fixed Rate Securities] [Floating Rate Securities] [CMS 
Rate Securities] [Spread Securities] [and Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities]  Buy the Dip Securities] [Inflation 
Rate Securities] [DIR Inflation Linked Securities [that are 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest Securities] [and] [in respect of 
which a DIR Linked Redemption Amount is applicable] 
[Digital 
[Band] 
Securities] 
[Inverse 
Floating Rate 
Securities] [Volatility Bond Securities] [Synthetic Forward 
Rate Securities] [Previous Coupon Linked Securities] [and] 
[FX Performance Securities] [and] [Reserve Coupon 
Securities] [and] [Global Interest Floor Securities] [and]

--- Page 1353 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1327 
 
[Auto Floor Securities] [and] [Global Interest Cap 
Securities] [and] [Auto Cap Securities] [and] [Restructure 
Interest Rate Securities] [Interim Performance Interest 
Securities] [Twin Win Interim Performance Interest 
Securities] 
[Reverse 
Interim 
Performance 
Interest 
Securities] [Non-Contingent Interest Amount] [and Range 
Accrual Securities] [Multi-Chance Securities] [Lookback 
Securities [(Memory Effect/Without Memory Effect)]]] 
[The Securities are Zero Coupon Securities and do not bear 
or pay any interest] [The Securities do not bear or pay any 
interest] [if an Interest Barrier Event [does not] occur[s] 
[and]] [The Securities do not pay any Coupon Amount if a 
Coupon Barrier Event [does not] occur[s] [and]] (repeat as 
necessary)  
[As set out in the table at item 10 below] 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions are applicable as 
specified in item 19 below]  
 
 
[The [Securities are [also] [Credit Linked/Index Skew] 
Notes and the] [Securities are Underlying Linked Securities 
and the] Redemption Amount of the Securities is determined 
in accordance with item 18 below]  
[The Securities are [also] Lock-in Redemption Securities] 
[The Securities are [also] Rate Linked Redemption 
Securities] [The Securities are [also] Interest Linked 
Redemption 
Securities] 
[The 
Securities 
are 
[also] 
Redemption Reserve Securities] 
[The Securities are Instalment Securities and the Instalment 
Amounts are determined as specified in item 18(vii) below] 
 
 
The Securities are Cash Settled Securities [and/or may be 
Physical Delivery Securities] 
 
 
[The Securities are [also] Dual Currency Securities] 
[In order to receive the Entitlement on the [Maturity 
Date]/[Settlement Date] (subject as provided in the 
Conditions), Securityholders should complete and 
deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with the 
Conditions in any event as it may not be known prior to 
the Cut-off Date whether the Securities will be cash 
settled and/or settled by physical delivery of the 
Entitlement] 
10. Changes in interest basis and/or 
Multiple Interest Basis: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis and Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis: 
[Automatic Change of Interest Basis: Applicable[, as set out 
in the Interest Basis Table below]] (Insert for Automatic 
Change of Interest Basis) [Lock-in Change of Interest Basis: 
Applicable – see item 16 below] (Insert for Lock-in Change 
of Interest Basis) [Describe changes] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1354 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1328 
 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) (Interest 
Linked Redemption Securities) applies, Interest Payment 
Date(s) should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
 
(ii) 
Multiple Interest Basis:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Multiple Interest Basis shall not apply for any Interest 
Period or Interest Payment Date to which the Previous 
Coupon Linked Notes provisions, FX Performance Notes 
provisions, Reserve Coupon Notes provisions, Global 
Interest Floor Notes provisions, Global Interest Cap Notes 
provisions, Restructure Interest Rate Notes provisions or 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis provisions apply) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
MIB 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or 
MIB 
Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[Specify relevant Interest Periods / Interest Payment Dates] 
[As specified in the Interest Basis Table below] 
 
(B) 
MIB 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or 
MIB 
Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[Specify relevant Interest Periods / Interest Payment Dates] 
[As specified in the Interest Basis Table below] 
 
[Interest Basis Table 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) / 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[MIB 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) / 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
Type of Interest / Redemption 
[specify date] 
[specify 
date] 
[Yes][No] 
[Fixed Rate Securities] [Floating Rate Securities] [CMS Rate 
Securities] 
[Spread 
Securities] 
[and 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities] [Buy the Dip Securities] [Inflation 
Rate Securities] [DIR Inflation Linked Securities [that are DIR 
Inflation Linked Interest Securities] [and] [in respect of which 
a DIR Linked Redemption Amount is applicable]] [Digital 
[Band] Securities] [Inverse Floating Rate Securities] 
[Volatility Bond Securities] [Synthetic Forward Rate 
Securities] [Previous Coupon Linked Securities] [and] [FX 
Performance Securities] [and] [Reserve Coupon Securities] 
[and] [Global Interest Floor Securities] [and] [Auto Floor 
Securities] [and] [Global Interest Cap Securities] [and] [Auto 
Cap Securities] [and] [Restructure Interest Rate Securities] 
[Interim Performance Interest Securities] [Twin Win Interim 
Performance 
Interest 
Securities] 
[Reverse 
Interim 
Performance Interest Securities] [Non-Contingent Interest 
Amount] 
[Range 
Accrual 
Securities] 
[Multi-Chance 
Securities] [Lookback Securities [(Memory Effect/Without 
Memory Effect)]] [The Securities are [also] Lock-in 
Redemption Securities] [The Securities are [also] Rate Linked 
Redemption Securities] [The Securities are [also] Interest 
Linked Redemption Securities] [The Securities are [also] 
Redemption Reserve Securities] [The Securities are Zero 
Coupon Securities and do not bear or pay any interest] [The 
Securities are also Dual Currency Securities]

--- Page 1355 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1329 
 
(repeat as required)] 
 
11. Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 18(i) below] 
 
 
[Investor Put as specified in item 18(ii) below] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
12. (i) 
Status of the Securities: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior] [Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable for Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or 
CGMFL) 
 
(iii) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable for Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or 
CGMHI) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING LINKED SECURITIES AND EARLY 
REDEMPTION 
13. Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable – [the provisions in the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule apply (subject as provided in any 
relevant Underlying Schedule)] [Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(n) (Fallback Provisions for Securities other 
than Underlying Linked Securities) applies]] 
(Only applicable if the Securities are either (i) Underlying 
Linked Securities or (ii) are not Underlying Linked 
Securities but any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, 
Increased Cost of Hedging and Realisation Disruption 
apply. Otherwise, specify not applicable) 
 
(i) 
Underlying:  
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Description 
of 
Underlying(s): 
[specify each Underlying including ISIN or other 
identification number where available, as appropriate] 
 
(B) 
Classification: 
[Security 
Index/Inflation 
Index/Commodity 
Index/ 
Commodity/Share/Depositary Receipt/ETF Share/ Mutual 
Fund Interest/FX Rate (EMTA Provisions: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable])/Bespoke 
Index/Dividend 
Futures 
Contract/Rate/Preference Share] 
(In respect of a Rate, note that only interest rates which are 
published on an Electronic Page may be specified) 
 
 
(specify for each Underlying) 
 
 
(N.B.: Preference Share Linked Securities may only be 
issued by CGMFL or CGMHI) 
 
(C) 
Electronic Page: 
[⚫] (specify for each Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Particulars in respect of each 
Underlying: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1356 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1330 
 
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) (If applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs 
which are not applicable.) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Security Index) 
 
(A) 
Type of Index: 
[Single Exchange Index/Multiple Exchange Index][Bond 
Index] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only required in relation to Single Exchange Indices) 
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Single 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Same 
Day 
Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the level for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Inflation Index) 
 
(A) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable: The definition set out in Inflation Index 
Condition 1 (Definitions) shall apply/[⚫]][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Revision of level of 
Inflation Index: 
[Revision/No Revision] 
 
 
(N.B.: If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is specified, 
"No Revision" will be deemed to apply)] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Commodity Index) 
 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the level for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
(specify for each Commodity) 
 
(A) 
Commodity Price: 
[[high price][low price][average of high and low 
prices][closing 
price][opening 
price][bid 
price][asked 
price][average of bid and asked prices][settlement 
price][official settlement price][official price][morning 
fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price][⚫] [per [insert unit]] of 
[insert commodity] on [the relevant Exchange/(specify other 
source)] [of the [relevant] Futures Contract for the [relevant] 
Delivery Date] as made public by [the [relevant] Exchange] 
on [the [relevant] Price Source]] [(specify price)][Fallback 
Commodity Dealers] 
 
(B) 
Delivery Date: 
[date] [month and year] [[First/Second/Third/specify other 
number] 
Nearby 
Month][Either 
(i) 
the 
[First/Second/Third/specify other number] Nearby Month or

--- Page 1357 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1331 
 
(ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant 
Valuation Date falls less than [[⚫]] Commodity Business 
Days prior to the earlier of (A) the last trading day of the 
relevant [First/Second/Third/specify other number] Futures 
Contract; or (B) the first day on which notice of intent to 
deliver in respect of the relevant [First/Second/Third/specify 
other number] Futures Contract may be submitted 
(howsoever defined in the terms of the relevant Futures 
Contract and/or the rules of the relevant Exchange), the 
[First/Second/Third/specify 
other 
number] 
Nearby 
Month][specify date] 
 
(C) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Price Source: 
[The Electronic Page][⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Unless otherwise specified, Price Source shall be the 
Electronic Page) 
 
(E) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only applicable if the definition for Bullion 
Commodities in the Commodity Conditions is not 
applicable)] 
 
[Share(s): 
(specify for each Share) 
 
(A) 
Share Company: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]  
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Stapled Share: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify for each Share which is a Stapled Share) 
Component Share: [⚫] 
Component Share Company: [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
(specify for each Depositary Receipt) 
 
(A) 
Full Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Partial 
Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Depositary Receipt 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Depositary Receipt 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(E) 
Underlying 
Share 
Company: 
[⚫]

--- Page 1358 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1332 
 
 
(F) 
Underlying 
Share 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(G) 
Underlying 
Share 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
(specify for each ETF Share) 
 
(A) 
Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]  
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
(specify for each Fund Interest) 
 
(A) 
Mutual Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[Scheduled Interim Valuation Date/Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date]] 
 
(D) 
Same 
Day 
Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the value published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the value for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions 
are 
Not 
Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange Rate 
comprising such FX Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate: 
"cross-rate/formula": [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The FX Rate is [the inverse of] [[⚫]] / [the product of [⚫] 
and [[⚫]] / [the quotient of [[⚫]] (as numerator) and [[⚫]] (as 
denominator)]]] (delete or combine as applicable) 
 
(B) 
Exchange Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Base Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Quote 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Specified 
Financial 
Centres: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Valuation 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Event 
Currency 
/Currencies: 
[Specify if different to the FX Rate Conditions] 
 
 
(NB: only required if "General Inconvertibility", "General 
Non-Transferability", "Material Change in Circumstances", 
"Nationalisation", "Specific Inconvertibility" or "Specific

--- Page 1359 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1333 
 
Non-Transferability" are specified as Currency Disruption 
Events below)] 
 
(D) 
Dual 
Currency 
Securities 
Provisions 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 8): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange 
Rate is [specify FX Rate] [and for which purpose the 
Specified DC Valuation Date(s) shall be [[⚫] (specify days) 
prior to (but excluding) each day on which payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities] [as set out in the 
Dual Currency Securities Table]] (specify for Dual 
Currency Securities where there would otherwise be no 
Specified Valuation Date) 
 
[Dual Currency Securities Table 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
(repeat as required) 
[Optional Redemption Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
(repeat as required) 
[Scheduled] Maturity Date 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date]] 
 
 
(E) 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities 
Provisions 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 4.7): 
[Not Applicable] [Reference Observation [1/2/3] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]] (repeat as 
necessary) 
 
(F) 
FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 4.17)): 
[Not Applicable] [[FX Performance [1/2] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]] (repeat as 
necessary)

--- Page 1360 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1334 
 
 
(G) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf Rate is [specify 
FX Rate.]] 
 
(H) 
Lock-in Change of 
Interest 
Basis 
determined 
by 
reference to an FX 
Rate (Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 4.24I): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable. The [Lock-in Reference 
Observation [n]/ Lock-in Barrier [n]] shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate] and for which purpose the 
Specified Lock-in Determination Date(s) shall be [[⚫]/as set 
out in the Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table] (repeat 
as necessary) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
[Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
Specified Lock-in Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted]  
[specify date] 
(repeat as required)] 
 
 
(I) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
determined 
by 
reference to an FX 
Rate (Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 5): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable. The [Rollerball Reference 
Observation/Rollerball Barrier] shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate] and for which purpose the 
Specified MER Determination Date(s) shall be [[⚫]/as set 
out in the Mandatory Early Redemption Table] (repeat as 
necessary) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Table 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) 
Specified MER Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
(repeat as required)] 
 
 
(J) 
Digital Securities: 
[Not Applicable] [Digital Reference Rate shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]]  
 
(K) 
Digital 
Band 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable] [Reference Rate shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]]

--- Page 1361 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1335 
 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate Source: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Valuation Time: 
(specify in respect of the Primary Rate and any fallback 
rates) 
 
 
[⚫] in respect of the Primary Rate 
 
 
[[⚫] in respect of the First Fallback Reference Price] 
 
 
[[⚫] in respect of the Second Fallback Reference Price] 
 
(C) 
Reference 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Settlement 
Currency: 
[⚫]  
 
(E) 
Reference Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Settlement Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫]  
 
(G) 
Number 
of 
Settlement Business 
Days: 
[⚫][Settlement Currency Business Days] 
 
(H) 
Number 
of 
Postponement Days: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[⚫] consecutive calendar days  
 
(J) 
Dual 
Currency 
Securities 
Provisions 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 8): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange 
Rate is [specify FX Rate] [and for which purpose the 
Specified DC Valuation Date(s) shall be [[⚫](specify days) 
prior to (but excluding) each day on which payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities] [as set out in the 
Dual Currency Securities Table]] (specify for Dual 
Currency Securities where there would otherwise be no 
Specified Valuation Date) 
[The Number of Postponement Days is [⚫]] 
 
[Dual Currency Securities Table 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 1362 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1336 
 
[Optional Redemption Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
(repeat as required) 
[Scheduled] Maturity Date 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date]] 
 
 
(K) 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities 
Provisions 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 4.7): 
[Not Applicable] [Reference Observation [1/2/3] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]] (repeat as 
necessary) 
 
(L) 
FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 4.17): 
[Not Applicable] [[FX Performance [1/2] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]] (repeat as 
necessary) 
 
(M) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf Rate is [specify 
FX Rate.].] 
 
(N) 
Lock-in Change of 
Interest 
Basis 
determined 
by 
reference to an FX 
Rate (Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 4.24(c)): 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. The [Lock-in Reference Observation [n]/ 
Lock-in Barrier [n]] shall be determined by reference to 
[specify FX Rate] and for which purpose the Specified Lock-
in Determination Date(s) shall be [[⚫]/as set out in the Lock-
in Change of Interest Basis Table] (repeat as necessary) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination]] 
 
[Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
Specified Lock-in Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date]

--- Page 1363 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1337 
 
(repeat as required)] 
 
 
(O) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
determined 
by 
reference to an FX 
Rate (Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 5): 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation/Rollerball Barrier] shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate] and for which purpose the 
Specified MER Determination Date(s) shall be [[⚫]/as set 
out in the Mandatory Early Redemption Table] (repeat as 
necessary) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Table 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) 
Specified MER Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
(repeat as required)] 
 
 
(P) 
Digital Securities: 
[Not Applicable] [Digital Reference Rate shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]]  
 
(Q) 
Digital 
Band 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable] [Reference Rate shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]]  
 
[Bespoke Index/Indices: 
(This may not include an index composed or provided by the 
Issuers, by any legal entity belonging to their group or by a 
legal entity or a natural person acting in association with or 
on behalf of Issuers (i.e. may not be a Citi Proprietary 
Index)) 
 
(A) 
[Index Sponsor: 
For the purposes hereof, the Index Sponsor in respect of the 
Bespoke Index is the Index Administrator (as defined in the 
Index Conditions)] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
 [As defined in Bespoke Index Condition 1/A Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be an "Index Business Day" as defined in 
the Index Conditions]] 
 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Relevant Price: 
["daily settlement price"/"final settlement price"][see 
specified item [⚫]]  
 
[Rate(s):

--- Page 1364 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1338 
 
 
(A) 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[A Business Day][A day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [ ⚫] (specify 
each)] [A day on which T2 is open] [A U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day]] 
 
(C) 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable: The Rate Linked Redemption 
Amount shall be determined by reference to [specify 
Rate(s)] and for which purpose the Specified RL Valuation 
Date shall be [⚫]] 
 
[Preference Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Preference 
Share 
Company: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A./[⚫
]] 
 
(B) 
Initial 
Preference 
Share 
Reference 
Date: 
[⚫], subject as provided in the Preference Share Conditions 
 
(C) 
Valuation Time: 
[[⚫]/As specified in Preference Share Condition 2] 
 
(D) 
Preference 
Share 
Valuation Date: 
[⚫], subject as provided in the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions 
 
(E) 
Autocall 
Observation Date(s): 
[[⚫][,[⚫] and [⚫]] subject as provided in the Preference 
Share Conditions/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(iii) 
Elections in respect of each 
type of Underlying: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable) 
 
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
(NB: for the purposes of the Additional Adjustment Events 
and Additional Early Redemption Events in respect of each 
type of Underlying, either the Additional Adjustment Events 
or the Additional Early Redemption Events (with the option 
to specify the Early Termination Amount) must be 
applicable. Alternatively, both the relevant Additional 
Adjustment Events and the Additional Early Redemption 
Events may be applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Additional Adjustment Events should not be disapplied at 
the same time as the Additional Early Redemption Events.) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow][Loss of Stock 
Borrow][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security Index Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1365 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1339 
 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/ Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)]  
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Security 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 6(b)(i) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1366 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1340 
 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Security Index Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Security 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Reference Month(s): 
[In respect of a Valuation Date [⚫]]  
 
(B) 
Manifest Error Cut-
off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment Date/[⚫]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is specified, the cut-
off date will be 2 Business Days prior to any relevant 
Payment Date) 
 
(C) 
Revision 
Cut-off 
Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment Date/[⚫]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Revision Cut-off Date is specified, the cut-off 
date will be 2 Business Days prior to any relevant Payment 
Date) 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Inflation Index Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1367 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1341 
 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Inflation Index Condition 5: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(F) 
Inflation 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices:

--- Page 1368 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1342 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
4(a): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(a) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
4(b): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(b) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1369 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1343 
 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(i) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Commodity 
Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different

--- Page 1370 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1344 
 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Commodity 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Commodity Index Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Commodity Index Substitution Criteria: [[⚫]/As determined 
by Calculation Agent]]] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
 
 
(A) 
Commodity Dealers 
[The definition set out in Commodity Condition 1 
(Definitions) shall apply/[⚫]]/Not Applicable 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Commodity Dealers are specified, the 
Commodity Dealers shall be four leading dealers in the 
relevant market selected by the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
(If Fallback Commodity Dealers is not applicable to the 
Securities, specify Not Applicable) 
 
(B) 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted Day) applies] 
 
 
[Disappearance of Commodity Price] 
 
 
[Material Change in Content] 
 
 
[Material Change in Formula] 
 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Tax Disruption] 
 
 
[Trading Disruption (specify any additional futures/options 
contracts)] 
 
(C) 
Disruption 
Fallback(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(b) (Disruption Fallback) applies.] 
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply, in the following 
order: 
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Price (specify alternative Commodity 
Price)]  
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Dealers] 
 
 
[Delayed Publication and Announcement] 
 
 
[Postponement] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
[Cancellation]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Events: 
[Abandonment of Scheme (N.B. only applicable where the 
Underlying is an emission)] 
 
 
[Commodity Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1371 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1345 
 
 
 
[If Commodity Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]

--- Page 1372 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1346 
 
 
(B) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Share 
Substitution 
Criteria: 
[Reference 
Index/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Corporate 
Action: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Corporate Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Delisting: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition–4 - Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]]

--- Page 1373 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1347 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Insolvency: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Insolvency is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Merger 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket

--- Page 1374 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1348 
 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Tender 
Offer: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Tender Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with

--- Page 1375 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1349 
 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
De-stapling 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – De-stapling Event is Applicable: 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Share Condition 4 – Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event is Applicable:

--- Page 1376 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1350 
 
Component Share Additional Adjustment Event(s): 
[Corporate Action]  
[Insolvency] 
[Merger Event]  
[Nationalisation]  
[Tender Offer] 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(repeat as necessary for each Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event(s)) 
 
(D) 
Dividend Adjusted 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of [insert relevant 
Share] [as [Interest Underlying(s)[,/and/or] [Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying(s)] [,/and/or] [Redemption 
Underlying(s)]] 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
Dividend Screen Page: [⚫] 
 
 
Start Date: [Interest Strike Date] [,/and] [Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date] [,/and] [Redemption Strike Date] 
[,/and] [⚫] 
The Underlying Closing Level on the Start Date is [the Price 
on the Start Date]/[⚫] 
 
 
Target Dividend: [⚫]

--- Page 1377 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1351 
 
 
 
Applicable Percentage: [⚫]  
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
Depositary Receipt 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria: Depositary 
Receipt: [Same Underlying Share and Currency/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]. 
 
 
Underlying Share: [Reference Index/As determined by 
Calculation Agent].] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]]

--- Page 1378 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1352 
 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Insolvency: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition–4 - Insolvency is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1379 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1353 
 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger Event is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1380 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1354 
 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Nationalisation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Nationalisation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender Offer: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender Offer is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1381 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1355 
 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying Share Event: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying Share 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]]

--- Page 1382 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1356 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
ETF 
Share 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If ETF Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria: [Related Index. [To specify 
unless limb (b) of "Related Index" is being relied on: For 
which purpose, the Related Index is [⚫]] (specify for each 
ETF Share where there is a basket of ETF Shares)/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1383 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1357 
 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Delisting: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition–4 - Delisting is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]]  
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Insolvency: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition–4 - Insolvency 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1384 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1358 
 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Merger Event: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Merger 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Tender Offer: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Tender 
Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]]

--- Page 1385 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1359 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange 
Traded 
Fund 
(ETF) 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition–4 - 
Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for

--- Page 1386 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1360 
 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Strategy 
Breach: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Strategy 
Breach is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1387 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1361 
 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s):

--- Page 1388 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1362 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Fees or Charges Event] 
 
 
[Fund Adviser Event [- for which purpose the AUM 
Threshold is [⚫] (specify AUM Threshold if different to the 
Conditions)] 
 
 
[Holding Ratio Change] 
 
 
[Limitation Event] 
 
 
[NAV Trigger Event (specify NAV Trigger Percentage, if 
applicable)] 
 
 
[New Information Event] 
 
 
[Non Currency Redemption] 
 
 
[Related Agreement Termination [- for which purpose [⚫] 
shall be a relevant party] (specify other relevant party (if 
any))] 
 
 
[Asset Trigger Event] 
 
 
[Delisting] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
Mutual Fund Interest 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Mutual Fund Interest Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria: [Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest. For which purpose, the Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest Criteria is: 
 
 
[Liquidity] 
 
 
[Similar Strategy] 
 
 
[Same Currency] 
 
 
[As determined by Calculation Agent]]]

--- Page 1389 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1363 
 
 
(C) 
Monetisation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Insolvency: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition–4 - Insolvency is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1390 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1364 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Nationalisation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition–4 - Nationalisation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different

--- Page 1391 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1365 
 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Advisor Resignation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Advisor Resignation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund Modification: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund Modification is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value

--- Page 1392 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1366 
 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1393 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1367 
 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting Disruption: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting Disruption is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)]

--- Page 1394 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1368 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross Contamination: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross Contamination is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund Service 
Provider: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund Service 
Provider is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1395 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1369 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions 
are 
Not 
Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Currency Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
Primary Rate: [⚫] 
Secondary Rate: [⚫] 
Price Materiality Percentage: [⚫]] 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
[Specific Non-Transferability]

--- Page 1396 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1370 
 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX Rate Part A Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part A Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Price Materiality. For which purpose: 
(i) 
Price Materiality Percentage is [[⚫]] per cent. 
 
 
(ii) 
Primary Rate is [the FX Rate/[⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Secondary Rate is [the First Fallback Reference Rate 
[and the Second Fallback Reference Rate]/ [⚫]]] 
 
(B) 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the following 
order: 
 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes of the 
related First Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
First Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
(ii) 
First Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
(iii) 
First Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
(iv) 
First Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Valuation Postponement]

--- Page 1397 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1371 
 
 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes of the 
related Second Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
Second Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
(ii) 
Second Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
(iii) 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
(iv) 
Second Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
(specify relevant fallbacks for each FX Rate and the order 
in which they apply) 
 
(C) 
Correction 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify for each FX Rate 
where different) 
 
(D) 
Settlement 
Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX Rate Part B Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part B Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Bespoke Index/Indices: 
(This may not include an index composed or provided by the 
Issuers, by any legal entity belonging to their group or by a 
legal entity or a natural person acting in association with or 
on behalf of Issuers (i.e. may not be a "Citi Proprietary 
Index".)

--- Page 1398 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1372 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Bespoke Index Condition 4(a): Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Bespoke Index Condition 4(a) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
[Component 
Valuation 
Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] 
 
• 
[Component 
Disrupted 
Day:] 
[A Component Disrupted Day in respect of a Component 
shall be a "Disrupted Day" as defined for such Component 
in the Index Conditions] 
 
• 
[Component 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day:] 
[A Component Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a 
Component shall be a         as defined for such Component 
in the Index Conditions]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Bespoke Index Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Bespoke Index Condition 5 is Applicable:

--- Page 1399 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1373 
 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Bespoke 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Bespoke 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Bespoke 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(A): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Bespoke Index Condition 6(b)(A) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1400 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1374 
 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Dividend 
Futures 
Contract Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different

--- Page 1401 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1375 
 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination 
Amount] [[Other] (specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Correction 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, for which purpose the Correction Period shall 
be [⚫]]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Realisation Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable:

--- Page 1402 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1376 
 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon Securities 
which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket CLNs 
which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different amount 
is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination Amount] 
[[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(v) 
RMB Disruption Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] (Always Not Applicable for 
Index Skew Notes) 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon Securities 
which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket CLNs 
which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different amount 
is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination Amount] 
[[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)]

--- Page 1403 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1377 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
RMB 
Relevant 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
RMB 
Relevant 
Currency Valuation 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
RMB Relevant Spot 
Rate Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
RMB 
Settlement 
Centre(s): 
[⚫] (Specify)/ [Hong Kong] 
 
(vi) 
Hedging Disruption Early 
Termination Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon Securities 
which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket CLNs 
which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different amount 
is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination Amount] 
[[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(vii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for

--- Page 1404 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1378 
 
Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon Securities 
which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket CLNs 
which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different amount 
is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination Amount] 
[As set out in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [[Other] 
(specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(viii) 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
[Section 871(m) Event (Hedging): Not Applicable] 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon Securities 
which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket CLNs 
which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different amount 
is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination Amount] 
[As set out in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [[Other] 
(specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(ix) 
Early 
Redemption 
for 
Taxation Reasons: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1405 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1379 
 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon Securities 
which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket CLNs 
which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different amount 
is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination Amount] 
[As set out in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [[Other] 
(specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Illegality: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Material Increased Cost: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon Securities 
which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket CLNs 
which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different amount 
is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination Amount] 
[As set out in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [[Other] 
(specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1406 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1380 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xi) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon Securities 
which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket CLNs 
which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different amount 
is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination Amount] 
[As set out in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [[Other] 
(specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xii) 
Early 
Redemption 
for 
Illegality: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon Securities 
which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket CLNs 
which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different amount 
is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination Amount] 
[As set out in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [[Other] 
(specify an amount only)] (specify Early Termination

--- Page 1407 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1381 
 
Amount here only if "Continuance of Securities Provision" 
is "Not Applicable"; otherwise specify the Early 
Termination Amount under "Continuance of Securities 
Provision" below) 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xiii) 
Continuance of 
Securities 
Provision: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
[Illegality Event (Impossible Performance) 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: Fair Market Value 
 
 
Deduction of Hedge Costs: Not Applicable 
 
 
Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
Not Applicable 
 
 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: Not Applicable 
 
 
Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: Not 
Applicable 
 
 
Illegality Event (Possible Performance): [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: Not 
Applicable 
 
(xiv) 
Early Redemption for Obligor 
Regulatory Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1408 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1382 
 
[If Applicable: 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon Securities 
which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket CLNs 
which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different amount 
is appropriate) [Index Skew Early Termination Amount] 
[As set out in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [[Other] 
(specify an amount only)] (specify Early Termination 
Amount here only if "Continuance of Securities Provision" 
is "Not Applicable"; otherwise specify the Early 
Termination Amount under "Continuance of Securities 
Provision" below) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xv) 
Event of Default 
[Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Best of Amount] [Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Zero Coupon Securities other than 
Zero Coupon Securities which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon 
Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities 
unless a different amount is appropriate) [Index Skew Early 
Termination Amount] [As set out in Preference Share 
Condition 6(d)] [[Other] (specify an amount only)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xvi) 
Minimum Return Amount: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] [The definition in General Condition 
6(e)(v) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Termination 
Amount) applies]

--- Page 1409 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1383 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST 
14. Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption Securities)]] [Not Applicable – the 
Securities do not bear or pay interest] 
[Payment of interest is subject to the "Provisions 
relating to Credit Linked Notes" as specified in 
item 21 below] 
[See item [21(xxii)] [21(xxiii)] below] (Specify for 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(if applicable in respect of different Underlyings, 
Interest Valuation Dates, Interest Payment Dates, 
Interest Barrier Event or Interest Lock-in Event, 
repeat item and insert: In respect of [insert 
Underlying, Interest Valuation Date, Interest 
Payment Date, Interest Barrier Event or Interest 
Lock-in Event as applicable]:] 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Strike 
Level, 
Specified 
Valuation 
Date(s), 
Interest 
Amount/Rate, IPR, Interest Payment 
Date(s), Specified Interest Valuation 
Date(s), Lower Interest Barrier Level, 
Upper Interest Barrier Level, Interest 
Barrier 
Level, 
Specified 
Interest 
Barrier Observation Date: 
[See Table  below] [specify any relevant 
provisions] [See item 
14(vi) below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Non-Contingent Interest Provisions 
where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.4(a) applies: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Security 
 
(B) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount Payment Dates: 
[⚫] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified 
Following/Preceding/Following] 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Strike Dates 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred][the 
Performance-Linked 
Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1410 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1384 
 
 
Specified Interest Strike Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [⚫] [and [⚫]] [[⚫
] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ⚫]] each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Interest 
Underlying which is not a Disrupted Day for that 
Interest Underlying from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)] [ ⚫]] (where a different Specified 
Interest Strike Date applies for any Interest 
Underlying, specify for each Interest Underlying) 
 
[Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike 
Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [⚫] (where a 
different Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike Date 
applies for any Interest Underlying, specify for 
each Interest Underlying)] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest, 
Interim Performance Provisions and 
provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) and Interest 
Barrier Events 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(if applicable in respect of different Underlyings, 
Interest Valuation Dates, Interest Payment Dates, 
Interest Barrier Event, Interest Amounts or Interest 
Lock-in Event, repeat item and insert: In respect of 
[insert Underlying, Interest Valuation Date, 
Interest Payment Date, Interest Barrier Event, 
Interest Amount or Interest Lock-in Event as 
applicable]:] 
 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest: 
 
 
(A) 
Interest Underlying: 
[[ ⚫]] [The Underlying(s) specified in item 13 
above] [For the purposes of OutPerf A: [⚫] and for 
the purposes of OutPerf B: [⚫] (specify for each 
Interest 
Underlying 
where 
Outperformance 
Provisions apply in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions)] 
 
(B) 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The Interest Underlying/All of the Interest 
Underlyings/Any Interest Underlying/The Interim 
Performance Underlying/Each Interest Underlying 
[subject to a minimum of [⚫] Interest Underlyings] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
Interim Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs under this heading) 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not]

--- Page 1411 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1385 
 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
7. 
X ref 
 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary in respect of each Interest 
Barrier Event and Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable))

--- Page 1412 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1386 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Interim Performance 
for that Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with [⚫] highest 
(or [ ⚫] equal [highest / lowest]) 
Interim Performance for that Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interest Underlying) 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Interim Performance 
for that Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interest Underlying) 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1413 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1387 
 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [where "Nth" means (specify)]: [(i.e., the 
highest)]] (repeat and complete this sub-paragraph 
as necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked Interest Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1414 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1388 
 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [where "Nth" means (specify)]: [(i.e., the 
lowest)] (repeat and complete this sub-paragraph 
as necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked Interest Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1415 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1389 
 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1416 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1390 
 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance 
for 
that 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
[⚫]% 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1417 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1391 
 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1418 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1392 
 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1419 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1393 
 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance 
for 
that 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
[⚫]% 
 
 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1420 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1394 
 
 
Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1421 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1395 
 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Arithmetic Mean Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1422 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1396 
 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Underlying Return 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Single Cap – Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single 
Floor 
– 
Single 
Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single 
Cap 
– 
Multiple Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single 
Floor 
– 
Multiple Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater than] 
[less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single Target Interest Threshold Percentage: [⚫]% 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Performance Percentage: 
[⚫]%] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
(Barrier): 
[Barrier 
Event 
Satisfaction Required] [and] [Barrier Event 
Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single Target Underlying Performance (Barrier 
Event [Not] Satisfied) Percentage: [⚫]] (repeat if 
necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1423 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1397 
 
 
 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple Best 
Performing] 
 
 
[Oasis 
Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis – 
Multiple Best Performing applies: 
 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage 
1. 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[⚫]% 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[⚫]% 
(repeat, as necessary, for each Best Oasis Performer up 
to Best Oasis Performer X) 
[X.] 
Best Oasis Performer [X] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
 
(G) 
Cliquet 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Cliquet Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Sum] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Product] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Product] 
 
 
[Insert if Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, subject to a 
[Maximum Period Performance] [and] [Minimum

--- Page 1424 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1398 
 
Period Performance] [of [ ⚫]%] [and [ ⚫]%, 
respectively]. 
 
 
B is equal to [⚫].] 
 
 
A is equal to [⚫].] 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
Cliquet 
Interim 
Performance Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor/Global Lock-in Floor]] 
[Insert 
the 
following 
if 
Cliquet 
Interim 
Performance Floor applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer: Highest 
(or equal highest) [positive] integer] [Lowest (or 
equal lowest) [positive] integer]

--- Page 1425 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1399 
 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Multiple: [ ⚫] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [⚫] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: [⚫]]] 
 
XII. 
Cliquet Underlying 
Return Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[Cliquet A] [Cliquet B] [Cliquet C] [Cliquet A 
Absolute] [Cliquet B Absolute] [Cliquet C 
Absolute] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B or Cliquet B 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest applies. 
 
 
"U" means [⚫]. 
 
 
Number 
of 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet 
B 
Highest 
Return 
Decimal: 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert 
decimal] 
[repeat rows for each Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation 
Period if more than 1 applies]] 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest applies. 
 
 
"U" means [⚫]. 
 
 
Number 
of 
Specified Cliquet 
Interest Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet 
B 
Lowest 
Return 
Decimal: 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert 
decimal] 
[repeat rows for each Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation 
Period if more than 1 applies]] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C or Cliquet C 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Interest Target: [⚫]

--- Page 1426 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1400 
 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Decimal: [⚫]]. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Cap: [⚫] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Floor: [⚫]] 
 
(H) 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
Asian 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (Repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Best of/Worst of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1427 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1401 
 
 
 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Interest Initial Level: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert as appropriate - For the 
purpose of determining [whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of 
[insert relevant Interest Underlying]:] [Closing 
Level on Interest Strike Date/Closing Level on 
Interest Re-Strike Date IPD/ Closing Level on 
Interest Re-Strike Date IVD/Arithmetic Average 
Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates/Lowest 
Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates/Lowest 
Intra-day Level on Interest Strike Dates/Highest 
Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates/Highest 
Intra-day Level on Interest Strike Dates/(specify (in 
table format, where appropriate) for each Interest 
Underlying)] 
 
 
(If no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Interest Strike Dates will need to be specified) 
 
 
(Repeat this sub-paragraph as necessary in respect 
of each Interest Barrier Event and Performance-
Linked Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
[Interest Initial Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Interest 
Initial 
Floor 
Percentage: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [⚫]/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Interest Reference Level: 
[Not Applicable][Insert as appropriate - For the 
purpose of determining [whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of 
[insert relevant Interest Underlying]:] [Closing 
Level on Interest Valuation Date/Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Highest 
Intra-day 
Level 
on 
Interest 
Valuation Dates] (Specify for each Interest 
Underlying) (Repeat this sub-paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier Event 
and Performance-Linked Interest Amount (denoted 
with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(v) 
Provisions relating to an Interest 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1428 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1402 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest Barrier Event: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert Interest 
Payment Date/Interest Valuation Date and/or 
Interest Underlying, as appropriate): [Interest 
Barrier Event European Observation/ Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Interest Barrier Event American 
Performance Observation/Interest Barrier Event 
American Observation – Closing Level/Interest 
Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-Day 
Level/Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level/Interest Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day 
Level] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies.] (Repeat sub-paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier Event 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(B) 
Upper Interest Barrier Level, 
Lower Interest Barrier Level 
and Interest Barrier Level: 
[[Upper/Lower] Interest Barrier Level [1/2]: [⚫] 
[greater than [(or equal to)] [⚫][%] and less than 
[(or equal to)] [⚫][%] [of the Interest Initial Level 
of [the relevant Interest Barrier Underlying]]] 
[[greater than [(or equal to)]] [less than [(or equal 
to)]] [⚫] [%] [of the Interest Initial Level of [the 
relevant Interest Barrier Underlying]] [See Table 
below] (Repeat as necessary) 
 
(C) 
Interest Barrier Event Lock-
In: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Provisions relating to the rate or 
amount of interest due 
 
 
(A) 
Fixed 
Rate 
Securities 
Provisions 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) 
(FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate Securities 
Provisions)] [, subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
8 
(Dual 
Currency 
Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]]  
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Interest Rate(s): 
[[⚫] [per cent. per annum]] [Fixed Interest Rate 
(Specify Fixed Interest Rate if Accrual is 
applicable)] [As set out in the Table below]] 
(Delete this paragraph if Accrual is specified to be 
not applicable) 
 
[Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which 
the 
Fixed 
Rate 
Securities Provisions apply: 
[[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [
⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [As set out in the [Rate] 
Table below] [, adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
[As set out in item 14(vi)(E)] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Fixed Rate Securities 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest

--- Page 1429 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1403 
 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on 
(and including) the Lock-in Date [[⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]][As set out 
in the [Rate] Table below]] 
 
[EITHER: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Not Applicable 
 
II. 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[⚫] per Security] [As set out in the Table below] 
 
III. 
Lookback 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[Applicable only in 
respect of the Interest Amount[s] payable in respect 
of the following Interest Payment Date[s]: [⚫]] 
[Memory 
Effect: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable only in respect of the 
Interest Amount[s] payable in respect of the 
following Interest Payment Date[s]: [⚫]]] 
[Without 
Memory 
Effect: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable only in respect of the 
Interest Amount[s] payable in respect of the 
following Interest Payment Date[s]: [⚫]]] 
 
IV. 
Multi-Chance 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[OR: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Applicable 
 
II. 
Specified 
Fixed 
Rate(s): 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum] [As set out in the [Rate] 
Table below] 
[For which purpose: 
Margin: [[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum] [As set out 
in the Rate Table below] 
Interest Participation Rate: [[⚫]] [As set out in the 
Rate Table below]] (Delete if not applicable) 
 
III. 
[Range 
Accrual 
Securities: 
[Applicable. For which purpose: 
"Range Accrual Determination Date" 
means [Business Day/calendar day] 
 
 
Range Accrual Value What You Can 
Observation: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Range Accrual Move in Block Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
"Cut-off Number" means [⚫] Business Days 
 
 
/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: see item 14(vi)(E)]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1430 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1404 
 
 
IV. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[[ ⚫] in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to and including, 
[⚫]]/[⚫] [, adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] [As set 
out in the Rate Table below] 
 
V. 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[⚫] per Security[, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [⚫]]][As set out in the Rate 
Table below] [As set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.1(b) (Accrual applicable to 
Fixed Rate Securities)] 
 
VI. 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[⚫] per Security, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [in/on/around] [⚫]] [As set out in the 
Rate Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Interest Amount)] 
 
VII. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]= 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
 
[x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate applies where the 
Securities are Range Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[x Accrual Interest Rate] (Accrual Interest Rate 
applies where the Securities are Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities) 
 
VII. 
[Determination 
Dates: 
[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods / Interest Payment Dates and 
delete columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
 
[Rate Table for Fixed Rate Securities] 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Specified 
Fixed Rate(s)] 
[Interest 
Amount/Broken 
Amount]39 
[Margin]40 
[Interest 
Participation Rate]41  
 
39  
Delete if Interest Amount is determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1(b) and/or there is no Broken Amount. 
40  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
41 
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 1431 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1405 
 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount]42 
[⚫][adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[⚫] per cent. per 
annum 
[⚫] 
[Not Applicable 
/ [+/-][[⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(B) 
Floating 
Rate 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) 
(FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) (Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(Q) (Global Interest Floor Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(S) (Global Interest Cap 
Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(T) (Auto Cap 
Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure 
Interest Rate Securities Provisions)] [, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 
(Dual Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest 
Rollup)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Specified Period(s)/ 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) to which the 
Floating 
Rate 
Securities 
Provisions apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 6(d) (Interest Linked Redemption 
Securities)],] [[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]] [As set out in item 14(ii)] [Delayed 
Payment 
applies 
see 
item 
14(vi)(B) 
[([VIII/X/XI/XII]) below] [No Adjustment] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of 
an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Floating Rate Securities 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on 
(and including) the Lock-in Date  
[[ ⚫]/immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[[Each] Interest Payment Date(s)/ [⚫]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] to and 
including, [⚫]] [As set out in the Floating Rate 
 
42  
Insert for Range Accrual Notes where Minimum/Maximum Interest Amount is specified for any Interest Period/Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 1432 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1406 
 
Table] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
(Where ISDA Determination applies, the 2021 
Definitions are specified and Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) is the Day Count Fraction, specify No 
Adjustment to follow the standard ISDA election) 
 
III. 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Manner in which the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination/SOFR Floating Rate Determination/ 
€STR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination/SARON 
Floating Rate Determination]  
 
V. 
Party 
responsible 
for calculating the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
VI. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: see item 14(vi)(E)]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
VII. 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate: 
[insert 
Currency]-
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/ROBOR/TI
BOR/HIBOR][BBSW (being the Sydney average 
mid rate for AUD bills of exchange)][BKBM 
(being the Wellington rate for New Zealand Dollar 
bills of exchange)] [As set out in the Reference 
Rate Table] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫] month [(the "Designated Maturity") (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)][As set 
out in the Reference Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified 
Time: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.28 (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.28 (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate Determination is applicable:  
[[Specify e.g. any relevant Valuation Date(s)]/As 
set out in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule/[[
⚫] days on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in [⚫] prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] [First day of each

--- Page 1433 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1407 
 
Interest Period] [[⚫]]] days on which the T2 is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period]] [As set 
out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the table are different for different Interest Periods) 
[Rate Table for Screen Rate Determination] 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Reference Rate 
[Specified 
Time]43 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]44 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]45 
[Page 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day Convention]/ 
not adjusted]] 
[[⚫] month [(the 
"Designated 
Maturity") (include 
where Linear 
Interpolation is 
applicable)] [insert 
currency] [EURIBOR 
/ STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / 
TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the 
Sydney average mid 
rate for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington 
rate for New Zealand 
Dollar bills of 
exchange)]] 
[⚫]] 
[⚫] 
 
[⚫]] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
 
VIII. 
ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, note 
that the Conditions have been reviewed in relation 
to Version 11 dated 26 April 2024 of the 2021 
Definitions and the Floating Rate Matrix. If a later 
version is to be followed, the Conditions should be 
reviewed carefully to ensure compatibility with the 
relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
 
43  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
44  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
45  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1434 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1408 
 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Rate Table below] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
Definitions) 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[ ⚫] [As set out in the Rate Table below] [Not 
Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[⚫][First day of the relevant Interest Period] [Last 
day of the relevant Interest Period] (Specify for a 
Compounded/Average Floating Rate Option, an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option which has an 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method 
or a Compounded Index Floating Rate option) [The 
first day of the next following Interest Period (other 
than the Final Interest Period, in which case, the 
Reset Date will be the [Scheduled] Maturity 
Date)/Arrears Setting] (Specify the first option if 
Arrears Setting applies under the 2021 Definitions 
and the second option under the 2006 Definitions) 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] [subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business Day Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert the 
same Business Day Convention as for Interest 
Period End Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies 
to such dates, in which case delete the reference to 
Business Day Convention so that relevant ISDA 
fallbacks relating to Business Day Conventions 
will apply) 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
4.7 
(Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities)] (Include for Range Accrual (Expanded 
Securities) only) 
 
• 
Fixing Day: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) [As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
4.7 
(Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities)] (Include for Range Accrual (Expanded 
Securities) only) 
 
• 
Fixing Time: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) [As specified out in the Rate 
Table below] 
 
• 
Payment Date 
adjustment for 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(b)(i)] [As set out in the Rate Table

--- Page 1435 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1409 
 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
below] [Not Applicable] (Where the 2006 
Definitions are Applicable, specify not applicable) 
 
• 
Period 
End 
Date/Terminati
on 
Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable] [As set out in the Rate Table below] 
[Not Applicable] (Where the 2006 Definitions are 
Applicable, specify not applicable) 
 
• 
Business 
Day 
(for 
the 
purposes of the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[⚫] [As specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] 
 
• 
Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Floored 
[ISDA 
Rate]/[Interest 
Amount]: 
Applicable] [As set out in the Rate Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (Specify the Interest Period(s) to which 
this applies and the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)] 
[Not 
Applicable] [As specified in the Rate Table below] 
 
• 
Compounding/ 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging 
Table 
below] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method" is applicable. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[⚫] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lookback 
or Averaging with Lookback) 
 
- 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[[⚫] Observation Period Shift Business Days] /[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [⚫]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1436 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1410 
 
(Applicable 
only 
for 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift) 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[⚫] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified 
in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [⚫]/ [Applicable 
Business Days]] (Specify Applicable Business Days 
unless the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
 
- 
[Average 
Rate 
Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period or 
in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [ ⚫] Applicable 
Business Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first day 
of the next following Interest Period or in the case 
of the final Interest Period, the Termination Date]]] 
(Only include if the 2006 Definitions apply and the 
specified Floating Rate Option is a Published 
Average Rate)] 
 
- 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable] [As set out in the Floating Rate Table 
below] [Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[⚫] Business Days] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.28 (Definitions)]] 
(Only applicable for OIS Compounding or 
Overnight Averaging) 
 
- 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable] [As set out in the Floating Rate Table 
below] Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate 
and Daily Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: [⚫]%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [⚫]%] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[ ⚫]] (Only relevant where an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" applies. If not included this 
will be the denominator of the Day Count Fraction) 
 
• 
Index 
provisions: 
[Applicable] [As set out in the Rate Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate 
Option and an Index Method. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (May only be selected if 
the 2021 Definitions are specified)/[All-in] 
Compounded Index Method/Compounded Index 
Method 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/[As

--- Page 1437 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1411 
 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]] [As 
specified in the Index Provisions Table below] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Not Applicable should be specified unless the 
standard position under the ISDA Definitions is to 
be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[⚫] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [⚫]]] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[⚫]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction) 
 
• 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (Specify the Interest Period(s) to which 
this applies and the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and 
the 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Rate Table for ISDA Determination] 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
ISDA 
Definitions 
and 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
Designated 
Maturity 
Reset Date 
[Payment 
Date] 
[Period End 
Date/ 
Termination 
Date] 
Adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[[Fixing Day/Fixing 
Time] 
Compounding 
/Averaging 
Index 
Provisions 
[Business 
Days (for the 
purposes of 
the ISDA 
Definitions) 
Floored 
ISDA [Rate] 
[Amount] 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation 
[⚫] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/
No 
Adjustment]
] 
[2006] 
[2021] 
Definitions:[
⚫] 
[⚫][Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] [First 
day of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period] 
[subject to 
adjustment in 
accordance 
with the 
[specify 
Business Day 
Convention]] 
(See item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
for 
additional 
options) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] [As specified in 
the 2021 Definitions] 
[Not Applicable]] 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
(If applicable, include 
the 
Compounding/Averagin
g Table below) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
applicable, 
include the 
Index 
Provisions 
Table 
below) 
[As set out in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
[Definitions]]] 
[⚫
][Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable 
(Specify the 
Interest 
Period(s) to 
which this 
applies and 
the Shorter 
Designated 
Maturity and 
the Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
[Compounding/Averaging Table] 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method 
Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period Shift 
Lockout 
[Average 
Rate 
Fixing 
Day 
Delayed 
Payment 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate and/or 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate 
[Day 
Count 
Basis 
[⚫] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/
No 
Adjustment]] 
[⚫] 
[OIS 
Compounding/
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Co
mpounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/Compoun
ding with 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging 
with Observation 
Period 
Shift/Averaging with 
Lockout/Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫] Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified in the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[N
ot Applicable] 
[[⚫] 
Observation 
Period Shift 
Business 
Days] /[As 
specified in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[
[[⚫] Lockout 
Period Business 
Days]/[As 
specified in the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): [⚫
]] 
[Applicable]/
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Daily 
Capped Rate: 
[⚫]%] 
[[⚫]]

--- Page 1438 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1412 
 
Lockout/Not 
Applicable] 
Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Set-in-
Advance: 
[Applicable/N
ot 
Applicable] 
 
[Observation 
Period Shift 
Additional 
Business 
Days: [⚫
]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Daily 
Floored Rate: 
[⚫]%] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
[Index Provisions Table] 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Floating Rate 
Option 
Index Method 
[Day Count Basis 
 
 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/No 
Adjustment]] 
[⚫] 
[Standard Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index Method with 
Observation Period 
Shift/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] 
Definitions]] 
[⚫]] 
 
 
 
 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
 
 
 
Observation Period 
Shift: [[⚫] 
Observation Period 
Shift Business 
Days]/[As specified 
in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Observation Period 
Shift Additional 
Business Days: [⚫]]] 
 
 
 
 
 
IX. 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SONIA] [As set out in the Compounding Table] 
 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Compounding Table below] 
 
• 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Compounding Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable)

--- Page 1439 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1413 
 
 
• 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Lag): 
[Applicable][As set out in the Compounding Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫]/[SONIAOSR=][Not Applicable][As set out in 
the Compounding Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable)  
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert where Index Determination does not apply: 
Fifth London Banking Day prior to the end of each 
Interest Period] [Insert where Index Determination 
applies: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Final 
Interest Period End Date for which purpose 
"Relevant Number" means [insert number being 
two or greater]] [⚫][As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.28 (Definitions) [for which 
purpose Relevant Number means [insert number 
being two or greater]]] [As set out in the 
Compounding Table] 
 
X. 
SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable] [As set out in the Compounding 
Table] Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SOFR][As set out in the Compounding Table] 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Not Applicable/SOFR OIS Compounding/SOFR 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/SOFR 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift][As 
set out in the Compounding Table] 
(Specify not applicable where Index Determination 
is applicable) 
 
• 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days][As set out in the Compounding 
Table]  
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is SOFR OIS Compounding or Index 
Determination is applicable. N.B. must be at least 
two such relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Compounding Table] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index 
Determination: 
Second 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant

--- Page 1440 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1414 
 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End 
Date and "Relevant Number" means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
[ ⚫] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.28 (Definitions)] [As set out in the 
Compounding Table below] 
 
• 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable] [As set out in the Compounding Table 
below] [Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.28 (Definitions)] [⚫] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] 
(Applicable where SOFR OIS Compounding is the 
Compounding Method) 
 
• 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Compounding Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Compounding Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XI. 
€STR Floating Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate: 
[€STR] [As set out in the Compounding Table 
below] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method 
[€STR OIS Compounding/€STR Compounding 
with 
Lookback/€STR 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift] [As set out in the 
Compounding Table below] 
 
• 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[ ⚫] T2 Business Days] [As set 
out in the Compounding Table below] 
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is €STR OIS Compounding. N.B. must be 
at least two such relevant days to allow clearing 
system payments) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ⚫] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.28 (Definitions)] (Applicable only 
where 
€STR 
OIS 
Compounding 
is 
the 
Compounding Method) [As set out in the 
Compounding Table below] 
 
• 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Compounding Table below] 
[If Applicable:

--- Page 1441 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1415 
 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.28 
(Definitions)] [[⚫] T2 Business Days]  
€STR Reference Rate Cut-Off Date: [⚫] [2] T2 
Business Days] 
(Applicable where €STR OIS Compounding is the 
Compounding Method) 
 
• 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Compounding Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Compounding Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
XII. 
SARON 
Floating 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SARON] [As set out in the Compounding Table 
below] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method 
[SARON 
OIS 
Compounding/ 
SARON 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/ 
SARON 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift] [As 
set out in the Compounding Table below] 
 
• 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫] Zurich Banking Days] [As 
set out in the Compounding Table below] 
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is SARON OIS Compounding. N.B. must be 
at least two such relevant days to allow clearing 
system payments) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.28 (Definitions)] (Applicable only 
where 
SARON 
OIS 
Compounding 
is 
the 
Compounding Method) [As set out in the 
Compounding Table below] 
 
• 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Compounding Table below] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.28 
(Definitions)] [[⚫] Zurich Banking Days] 
SARON Reference Rate Cut-Off Date: [ ⚫] [2] 
Zurich Banking Days] 
(Applicable where SARON OIS Compounding is 
the Compounding Method)

--- Page 1442 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1416 
 
 
• 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Compounding Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Compounding Table below] 
[Not Applicable]  
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete columns in respect 
of items which do not vary) 
 
Compounding Table 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Referen
ce Rate 
[Page 
Compounding 
Method 
Observati
on Look-
Back 
Period 
Index 
Determinat
ion 
Interest 
Determinat
ion Dates 
Delayed 
Payment 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate 
[⚫] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/
No 
Adjustment]
] 
[SONIA
] 
[SOFR] 
[€STR] 
[SARO
N] 
[⚫] [Not 
Applicabl
e]] 
[Compounded Daily 
SONIA ([Shift/Lag]) - 
Applicable] [SOFR] [€
STR] [SARON] [OIS 
Compounding/Compou
nding with 
Lookback/Compoundin
g with Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] [[⚫] 
[U.S. 
Governme
nt 
Securities 
Business 
Days] [T2 
Business 
Days] 
[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] [As 
specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.28 
(Definitions
)] 
 
[Applicabl
e] [Not 
Applicable
] 
 
[Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): [[
⚫] [U.S. 
Governme
nt 
Securities 
Business 
Days] [T2 
Business 
Days] 
[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]] [As 
specified 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.28 
(Definition
s)] 
[[€STR] 
[SARON] 
Reference 
Rate Cut-
Off Date: [
] [2] [T2 
Business 
Days] 
[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]] 
[Not 
Applicab
le] 
 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: [⚫
]%] 
 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: [⚫
]%] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
XIII. 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
XIV. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in respect of the 
[Screen Rate] [ISDA Rate][SONIA Floating Rate] 
[SONIA Index Floating Rate] [SOFR  Floating

--- Page 1443 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1417 
 
Rate] [SOFR Index Floating Rate] [€STR Floating 
Rate] [SARON Floating Rate]: [[+/-][⚫] per cent. 
per annum] [As set out in the [Rate] Table below] 
 
XV. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
(IPR): 
[⚫] [As set out in the [Rate] Table below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XVI. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Floating 
Interest 
Rate): 
[⚫] [As set out in the [Rate] Table below] 
[See item 14(vi)(E)] (insert for Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities) [Not Applicable] 
 
XVII. 
Maximum Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Floating 
Interest 
Rate): 
[⚫][As set out in the [Rate] Table below] 
[See item 14(vi)(E)] (insert for Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities) [Not Applicable] 
 
XVIII. Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Australian Bond Basis] (May be selected only if 
the 2006 Definitions are specified) 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
 
[Calculation/252] 
 
 
[RBA Bond Basis] (May be selected only if the 
2021 Definitions are specified) 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] 
 
 
(See Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.28 
(Definitions) 
for 
alternatives 
and, 
where 
applicable, match Day Count Fraction set out in 
the ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
Floating Rate Matrix) 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete columns in respect 
of items which do not vary)

--- Page 1444 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1418 
 
[Rate Table for Floating Rate Securities] 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Relevant Rate 
[Margin 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (IPR) 
[Minimum 
Interest Rate 
(for the Floating 
Interest Rate) 
[Maximum 
Interest Rate 
(for the Floating 
Interest Rate) 
[Day Count 
Fraction 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/No 
Adjustment]] 
[Screen 
Rate]/[ISDA 
Rate]/[SONIA 
Floating 
Rate]/[SONIA 
Index Floating 
Rate]/[SOFR  
Floating 
Rate]/[SOFR 
Index Floating 
Rate]/[€STR 
Floating 
Rate]/[SARON 
Floating Rate] 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per cent. 
per annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[⚫]] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(C) 
CMS 
Rate 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) 
(FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) (Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(Q) (Global Interest Floor Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(S) (Global Interest Cap 
Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(T) (Auto Cap 
Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure 
Interest Rate Securities Provisions)] [, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 
(Dual Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest 
Rollup)]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) to which the 
CMS 
Rate 
Securities 
Provisions apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 6(d) (Interest Linked Redemption 
Securities)],] [[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]  
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of 
an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the CMS Rate Securities 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on 
(and including) the Lock-in Date [[⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to and including, 
[⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted]

--- Page 1445 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1419 
 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] 
 
III. 
Party 
responsible 
for calculating the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: see item 14(vi)(E)]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
V. 
CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS 
Reference 
Rate [1]"] (If CMS 
Interest Rate is "Worse 
of CMS Interest Rates" 
or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest Rate", insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 
2"] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert this column) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Swap 
Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/ 
JPY 
10:00/ 
JPY 
15:00/ 
USD 
SOFR/Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/ JPY 10:00/ 
JPY 
15:00/ 
USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫] [month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫] [month[s]/year[s]] 
 
• 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre:] (Insert if 
Relevant Swap Rate 
is 
Mid-Market 
Swap Rate) 
[ ⚫][As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 
4.28 (Definitions) 
[ ⚫][As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
4.28 
(Definitions) 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]] [⚫] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]] [⚫] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Minimum 
Reference Rate (for 
the CMS Reference 
Rate): 
[⚫] [As set out in the 
Rate 
Table 
below] 
[Not Applicable]  
[⚫] [As set out in the Rate 
Table 
below] 
[Not 
Applicable]  
 
• 
Maximum 
Reference Rate (for 
the CMS Reference 
Rate): 
[⚫][As set out in the 
Rate Table below][Not 
Applicable]  
[⚫][As set out in the Rate 
Table 
below] 
[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1446 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1420 
 
 
• 
Margin 
(for 
the 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable] [[+/-
][ ⚫] per cent. per 
annum] [As set out in 
the Rate Table below] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] 
per cent. per annum] [As 
set out in the Rate Table 
below]] 
 
• 
Interest 
Participation Rate 
(for 
the 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[⚫] [As set out in the 
Rate 
Table 
below] 
[Not Applicable] 
[⚫] [As set out in the Rate 
Table 
below] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] (specify for 
each short or long interest period) 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate (for the CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [See item 14(vi)(E)] (insert for Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities) [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum Interest 
Rate (for the CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [See item 14(vi)(E)] (insert for Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities) [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
X. 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete columns in respect 
of items which do not vary) 
[Rate Table for CMS Rate Securities] 
 
CMS Reference Rate [1] 
[CMS Reference Rate 2 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[Minimum/
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
[Margin [1] 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate)] 
[Interest 
Participatio
n Rate [1] 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate)] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate (for the 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate)] 
[Margin 2 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate)] 
[Interest 
Participatio
n Rate 2 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate)] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate (for 
the CMS 
Reference 
Rate)] 
[ ⚫][adjusted 
in 
accordance 
[⚫]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][ ⚫] per 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[ ⚫]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][ ⚫] per 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1447 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1421 
 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/
not 
adjusted]] 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(D) 
Spread 
Securities 
Provisions: 
 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual 
Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
in 
relation 
to 
which 
the 
Spread 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period from, 
and including, [⚫] to but excluding, [⚫]] [⚫] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Spread Securities Provisions 
only apply where the relevant Interest Period falls 
during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] [the Changed 
Interest Basis Period beginning on (and including) the 
Lock-in Date [[⚫]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in 
Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
[See item 14(vi)(E) below] 
 
II. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities)],] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]  
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[See item 14(vi)(E) below] 
 
III. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] 
[See item 14(vi)(E) below] 
 
IV. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]

--- Page 1448 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1422 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere and delete if not 
required) 
[See item 14(vi)(E) below] 
 
V. 
Margin(s) 
(Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum] [As set 
out in the Rate Table below] 
 
VI. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫][As set out in the Rate Table below] [Not 
Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Relevant 
Spread Rate: 
[Option One] [No Option One] [Spread Cap] 
 
 
[Where Spread Cap is applicable, include the 
following sub-paragraphs: 
 
• 
V% 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Multiplier: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Spread 
Cap 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum] [As set 
out in the Rate Table below] 
 
• 
Rate X: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
• 
Rate Y: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
• 
Rate Z: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3]] 
 
VIII. 
Spread Rate 1: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 1 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 1 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below]

--- Page 1449 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1423 
 
 
• 
Spread Rate 1 
Margin: 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
IX. 
Spread Rate 2: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 2 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 2 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 2 
Margin: 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
X. 
Spread Rate 3: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 3 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 3 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Spread Rate 3 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 3 
Margin: 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
XI. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
XII. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
(Insert the following if any relevant rate is determined 
by reference to provisions relating to Spread Security 
or specified as Spread Reference Rate) 
 
XIII. 
[Spread 
Reference Rate 
in respect of 
Spread 
Rate 
[1/2/3]: 
(Specify whether Spread Reference Rate is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate 1 minus Reference 
Rate 2 and, in each case, whether each such rate is 
(a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest 
Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA, 
Determination, 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination, SOFR Floating Rate Determination, 
€STR Floating Rate Determination or SARON 
Floating Rate Determination applies, or (c) a CMS 
Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details of all 
other relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting 
the details specified below as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required)] (Include and repeat as 
necessary) 
 
 
(Where the Spread Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest 
Rate (where accrual is applicable), include the

--- Page 1450 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1424 
 
relevant information from item 14(vi)(A), including 
any Table) 
 
 
(Where the Spread Reference Rate is a Floating Rate 
for which Screen Rate Determination applies, include 
the information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table) 
 
 
(Where the Spread Reference Rate is a Floating Rate 
for which ISDA Determination applies, include the 
applicable information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and 
items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any 
Table) 
 
 
(Where the Spread Reference Rate is a Floating Rate 
for which SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating Rate 
Determination 
or 
SARON 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)IX to 14(vi)(B)XII and 
items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any 
Table) 
 
 
(Where the Spread Reference Rate is a CMS Interest 
Rate, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(C)V, including any Table) 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete 
columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
[Rate Table for Spread Securities] 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Relevant Spread 
Rate] 
[Margin (Spread 
Interest Rate)] 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest 
Rate)] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Interest Rate (for 
the Spread Interest 
Rate] 
[ ⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[No] [Option One] / 
[Spread 
Cap] 
applicable [For which 
purpose 
the 
Spread 
Cap Margin is [⚫]] 
[Not 
Applicable/[+/-
][⚫] per cent. per 
annum] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][
⚫] per cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete 
columns in respect of items which do not vary. Insert additional columns for Spread Rate 2 and Spread Rate 3, as 
applicable) 
 
[Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
[Spread Rate [1/2/3] Margin] 
[Spread Rate [1/2/3] Interest Participation Rate]  
 
 
[⚫][adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
+/- [specify] 
[specify] 
 
(Repeat as required)

--- Page 1451 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1425 
 
 
(E) 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U)(Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual 
Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Range Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [Each Interest Period falling during the 
period from, and including, [⚫] to, but excluding, [⚫]] 
[[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] 
to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]  
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning 
on (and including) the Lock-in Date [[⚫]/ 
immediately succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[Fixed Interest 
Rate: 
see 
item 
 
14(vi)(A)) 
above/Floating Interest Rate: see item 14(vi)(B) 
above/CMS Interest Rate: see item 14(vi)(C) above] 
[Synthetic Forward interest Rate: see item 14(vi)(M) 
below][As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
 
III. 
Single 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Dual Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Reference 
Observation [1] 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
[specify what the Reference Observation will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7(c)] 
[if applicable specify details of the or each Reference 
Rate and where there is more than one Reference

--- Page 1452 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1426 
 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
Rate, whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period.] 
[See item 13 above for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
[If Dual Reference Observation is specified to be 
applicable, specify what the Reference Observation 
will be for each of Reference Observation 1 and 
Reference Observation 2 below and if Triple 
Reference Observation is specified to be applicable, 
specify what the Reference Observation will be for 
each of Reference Observations 1, Reference 
Observation 2 and Reference Observation 3 below] 
 
Barrier 
[1] 
(insert "Barrier 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Barrier 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Barrier [1]/Greater than or equal to 
the Barrier [1]/Less than the Barrier [1]/Less than or 
equal to the Barrier [1]] (insert "Barrier 1" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Lower Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Lower 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range [1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Upper Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1453 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1427 
 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Upper 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
[1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate 
[1] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]): 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable) 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/[[Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate]: see item 14(vi)(D)]] 
[Not Applicable]  
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [1], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is (i) a Fixed 
Interest Rate (where accrual is applicable), include 
the relevant information from item 14(vi)(A), 
including any Table, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate for 
which Screen Rate Determination applies, include the 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, 
(iii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA Determination 
applies, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
and 
items 
14(vi)(B)XIV 
to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or (iv) a CMS 
Interest Rate, include the applicable information from 
item 14(vi)(C)V, including any Table, as required. If 
there is more than one Reference Rate [1], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [1])  
 
[Reference 
Rate 
2 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]):] (insert if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/[[Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate]: see item 14(vi)(D)]] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 2 by 
including the information described in the paragraph 
above for Reference Rate 2, including any Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate 2, repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate 2)  
 
(if "Dual Reference Observation" is applicable insert the following paragraphs for Reference 
Observation 2 and, if "Triple Reference Observation" is applicable, repeat for Reference 
Observation 3) 
 
VII. 
[Reference 
Observation 
[2/3]: 
[specify what the Reference Observation [2/3] will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7(c)]

--- Page 1454 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1428 
 
[If applicable, and specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one Reference 
Rate whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period] 
 
[Barrier [2/3]:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
1 
is 
specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier [2/3] is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier [2/3]/Greater than or equal 
to the Barrier [2/3]/Less than the Barrier [2/3]/Less 
than or equal to the Barrier [2/3]]  
 
[Lower Range 
[2/3]:] (insert if 
Lower Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Lower Range 
[2/3] Option:] 
(insert if Lower 
Range 
2 
is 
specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range [2/3]] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Upper Range 
[2/3]:] (insert if 
Upper Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Upper Range 
[2/3] Option:] 
(insert if Upper 
Range 
2 
is 
specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
[2/3]] [Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate 
[1] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[2/3]): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/[[Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate]: see item 14(vi)(D)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [1], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate: (i) is a Fixed 
Interest Rate (where accrual is applicable), include 
the relevant information from item 14(vi)(A), 
including any Table, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate for 
which Screen Rate Determination applies, include the 
information from item  14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, 
(iii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA Determination 
applies, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
and 
items 
14(vi)(B)XIV 
to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or (iv) a CMS 
Interest Rate, include the applicable information from 
item 14(vi)(C)V, including any Table, as required. If

--- Page 1455 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1429 
 
there is more than one Reference Rate [1], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [1])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [1] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
[Reference 
Rate 
2 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[2/3]):] (insert 
if applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see item 14(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 2 by 
including the information described in the paragraph 
above for Reference Rate 2, including any Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate 2, repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate 2)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
 
VIII. 
Lev: 
[[⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Adj: 
[[⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
RA Cap: 
[[⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
RA Floor: 
[[⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
XII. 
Protected 
Range Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protection Level: [[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range 
Accrual Table below] (Specify for 
each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table 
below)] 
 
XIII. 
Accrual Days: 
[calendar days/Business Days] 
 
XIV. 
Accrual 
Business 
Day 
Centre: 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] (N.B. this relates to the 
definition of "Accrual Business Day", specify this if 
the Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date is a specified 
number of Accrual Business Days. This is not 
applicable if the Accrual Cut-Off Date is the 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date) 
 
XV. 
Accrual 
Cut-
Off Date: 
[Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date] [Default Accrual 
Cut-Off Date]  
(the "Accrual Cut-Off Date" is the specified number 
of calendar days or Accrual Business Days preceding 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period (Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date) and shall be five Accrual Days 
if "Default Accrual Cut-Off Date" is specified)

--- Page 1456 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1430 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Accrual 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[ ⚫] [calendar day/Accrual Business Day] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XVI. 
Any or All: 
[Any][All][Not Applicable] 
(Include where Reference Observation is a basket of 
two or more Reference Rates) 
 
XVII. 
Minimum 
Interest Rate: 
[See 
item 
[14(vi)(B)/14(vi)(C) 
above] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
XVIII. Maximum 
Interest Rate: 
[See 
item 
[14(vi)(B)/14(vi)(C) 
above] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
XIX. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
XX. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods 
and delete columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
 
[Range Accrual Table] 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
[Lev] 
[Adj] 
[RA Cap] 
[RA Floor] 
[Protection 
Level] 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods 
and delete columns in respect of items which do not vary. Insert additional columns for Accrual 
Condition 2 and Accrual Condition 3, as applicable) 
 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest Rate] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
Amount 
[Maximum 
Interest 
Amount 
Accrual Condition [1/2/3] 
[Reference 
Observation [1/2/3]] 
[Barrier 
[1/2/3]] 
[Lower Range 
[1/2/3]] 
[Upper 
Range 
[1/2/3]] 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/No 
Adjustment]] 
[specify] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(F) 
Buy the Dip Securities 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable:

--- Page 1457 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1431 
 
Coupon Rate: [[⚫]] per cent.]/[See Table below]  
 
(G) 
Inflation Rate Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual 
Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]]]  
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Inflation 
Rate 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Inflation Rate Securities 
Provisions only apply to the Interest Payment Date(s) 
where the related Interest Period falls during the 
[Initial Interest Basis Period] [the Changed Interest 
Basis Period beginning on (and including) the Lock-
in Date [[⚫]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [ ⚫] to and 
including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
III. 
Interest 
Amount 
Inflation Index: 
[specify Underlying] 
 
IV. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] [As set 
out in the Rate Table below] 
 
V. 
UCL 
Numerator: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert Interest 
Payment Date):] [[⚫] months/[⚫] [Reference Month: 
[⚫]]/[As set out in the Rate Table below]] 
 
VI. 
UCL 
Denominator: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert Interest 
Payment Date):] [[⚫] months/[⚫] [Reference Month: 
[⚫]]/[As set out in the Rate Table below]]

--- Page 1458 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1432 
 
 
VII. 
UCL 
Adjustment: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert Interest 
Payment Date):] [[+/-][⚫]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table below]] 
 
VIII. 
DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
IX. 
IPR: 
[ ⚫][As set out in the Rate Table below][Not 
Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] [Not Applicable] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
specify 'Not Applicable') 
 
XI. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete columns in 
respect of items which do not vary) 
[Rate Table for Inflation Rate Securities] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[UCL 
Numerator] 
[UCL 
Denominator] 
[UCL 
Adjustment] 
[Margin] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount] 
[⚫] [adjusted 
in accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/no
t adjusted]] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
(H) 
DIR Inflation Linked 
Interest 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual Currency 
Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]]  
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1459 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1433 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which the DIR 
Inflation 
Linked Interest 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the DIR Inflation Linked Interest 
Securities Provisions only apply to the Interest 
Payment Date(s) where the related Interest Period 
falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] [the 
Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) the Lock-in Date [[ ⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3] [⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/ [ ⚫]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [ ⚫] to and 
including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
III. 
DIR Index: 
[Specify Underlying] 
 
IV. 
Base 
Index 
Figure: 
[⚫] 
 
V. 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable / [+1-] [⚫] per amount per annum] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] 
 
VI. 
Index Month A: 
[Specify number of calendar months] calendar months 
 
VII. 
Index Month B: 
[Specify number of calendar months] calendar months 
 
VIII. 
DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)]

--- Page 1460 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1434 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
IX. 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (IPR): 
[ ⚫] [As set out in the Rate Table below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] [Not Applicable] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
specify 'Not Applicable') 
 
XI. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete 
columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
[Rate Table for DIR Inflation Linked Interest Securities] 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[Margin] 
[Interest Participation Rate 
(IPR)] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount] 
[⚫] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][ ⚫] 
per cent. per annum] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(I) 
Digital 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(P)) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual Currency

--- Page 1461 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1435 
 
Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Digital 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Digital Securities Provisions 
only apply where the relevant Interest Period falls 
during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] [the Changed 
Interest Basis Period beginning on (and including) the 
Lock-in Date [[⚫]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in 
Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [ ⚫] to and 
including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]] [No Adjustment] [As set 
out in the Rate Table below] 
 
III. 
Back Up Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Include details of the Back Up Rate, including any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the Back 
Up Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required. In all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the Spread 
Securities Provisions as appropriate] 
 
IV. 
Digital 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Include details of the Digital Reference Rate, 
including any relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. 
If the Digital Reference Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest

--- Page 1462 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1436 
 
Rate (where accrual is applicable), include the 
relevant information from item 14(vi)(A), including 
any Table, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate for which 
Screen Rate Determination applies, include the 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, 
(iii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA Determination 
applies, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
and 
items 
14(vi)(B)XIV 
to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or (iv) a CMS 
Interest Rate, include the applicable information from 
item 14(vi)(C)V, including any Table, as required. In 
all cases this would include being determined by 
reference to the Spread Securities Provisions as 
appropriate] 
[Where the Digital Reference Rate is an FX Rate: See 
item 13 for details of the FX Rate] 
 
V. 
Reserve Rate: 
 
 
 
[Include details of whether the Reserve Rate will be 
the sum of more than one rate (each a "Specified 
Rate") or one rate less another rate (each a 
"Specified Rate") and of any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, Interest Participation 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the Reserve Rate or each 
Specified Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where 
accrual 
is 
applicable), 
include 
the 
relevant 
information from item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, 
(ii) a Floating Interest Rate for which Screen Rate 
Determination applies, include the information from 
item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, (iii) a Floating 
Rate for which ISDA Determination applies, include 
the applicable information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII 
and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including 
any Table or (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the 
applicable 
information from item 
14(vi)(C)V, 
including any Table, as required. In all cases this 
would include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Securities Provisions as appropriate] 
 
VI. 
Digital Rate: 
 
 
 
[Include details of the Digital Rate, including any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the 
Digital Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where 
accrual is applicable), include the information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable

--- Page 1463 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1437 
 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required. In all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the Spread 
Securities Provisions as appropriate] 
 
VII. 
Reserve 
Rate 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Reserve Rate/Greater than or equal 
to the Reserve Rate/Less than the Reserve Rate/Less 
than or equal to the Reserve Rate] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Digital 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] [As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Digital 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] [As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
X. 
Digital 
Determination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
XI. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (Insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods 
and delete columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
[Rate Table for Digital Securities] 
Interest Period End Date(s) 
[Minimum Interest Rate (for the 
Digital Interest Rate) 
[Maximum Interest Rate (for the 
Digital Interest Rate) 
[⚫] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Repeat as required)

--- Page 1464 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1438 
 
 
(J) 
Digital Band Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual Currency 
Securities)] 
[14(vi)(W) 
(Interest 
Rollup)]][Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Digital 
Band 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Digital Band Securities 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) the Lock-in Date [[ ⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][ ⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [ ⚫] to and 
including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]] [No Adjustment] 
 
III. 
Reference Rate 
Only 
or 
Reference Rate 
1 
minus 
Reference Rate 
2: 
[Reference Rate Only/Reference Rate 1 minus 
Reference Rate 2] applicable 
 
IV. 
[Reference 
Rate [1]:] 
[Include details of each Reference Rate or Reference 
Rate 1, including any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the relevant Reference Rate or 
Reference Rates 1 is a (i) a Floating Interest Rate for 
which Screen Rate Determination applies, include the 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, 
(ii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA Determination 
applies, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
and 
items 
14(vi)(B)XIV 
to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or (iii) a CMS

--- Page 1465 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1439 
 
Interest Rate, include the applicable information from 
item 14(vi)(C)V, including any Table, as required] 
(Where there are different Reference Rate(s) or 
Reference Rate 1(s) or different Interest Periods 
and/or Interest Payment Dates, specify in relation to 
each Reference Rate(s) or Reference Rate 1(s), the 
Interest Period(s) and/or Interest Payment Dates, to 
which it applies)  
[Where the Reference Rate is an FX Rate: See item 13 
for details of the FX Rate] 
 
[Reference Rate 
2:] 
[Include details of each Reference Rate 2, including 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the 
relevant Reference Rate 2 is a (i) a Floating Interest 
Rate for which Screen Rate Determination applies, 
include the information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and 
items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any 
Table, (ii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA 
Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iii) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required] 
(Where there are different Reference Rate 2s, for 
different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment 
Dates specify in relation to each Reference Rate Two, 
the Interest Period(s) and/or Interest Payment Dates, 
to which it applies) 
 
V. 
Bands: 
(Where there are different Bands for different Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, specify in 
relation to each Band the Interest Period and/or 
Interest Payment Dates to which it applies) 
 
 
(i) 
Band 1: [The Reference Rate] [Reference 
Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2] is [less than] 
[less than or equal to] [⚫] [per cent.]; 
(ii) 
Band 2: [The Reference Rate] [Reference 
Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2] is [greater 
than][greater than or equal to] [⚫] but [less 
than] [less than or equal to] [⚫] [per cent.]; 
(iii) 
[(only include Band 3 if applicable): [The 
Reference Rate] [Reference Rate 1 minus 
Reference Rate 2] is [greater than][greater 
than or equal to] [⚫] [but] [less than] [less 
than or equal to] [⚫] [per cent.];] 
(if there are additional bands occurring after band 3 
but before the last occurring band which shall be as 
described below repeat (iii) above for such additional 
bands but with the relevant band levels)

--- Page 1466 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1440 
 
[(iv)] 
[[⚫] Band [⚫] (to be numerically labelled as 
the last band so if four bands in total this 
would be "Band 4") [The Reference Rate] 
[Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2] 
is [greater than] [greater than or equal to] [⚫
] [per cent.] 
 
VI. 
Band Rate in 
relation to Band 
1: 
(Where there are different Band Rates for different 
Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, 
specify in relation to each Band Rate the Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates to which it 
applies) 
[Specify whether the Band Rate for Band 1 will be a 
single Band Rate or will be Band Rate One minus 
Band Rate Two and include relevant information 
below, as applicable] 
 
[Band 
Rate 
One:] (Delete if 
Band Rate is a 
single 
Band 
Rate) 
[Include details of the single Band Rate or Band Rate 
One, including any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the single Band Rate or Band Rate 
One is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required] 
 
[Band 
Rate 
Two:] 
[Include details of Band Rate Two, including any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If Band 
Rate Two is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual 
is applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required]  
(Delete if Band Rate is a single Band Rate) 
 
VII. 
Band Rate in 
relation to Band 
[2/3/[⚫] etc.]: 
[Specify whether the Band Rate for Band [2/3/[⚫]] 
will be a single Band Rate or will be Band Rate One

--- Page 1467 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1441 
 
minus Band Rate Two and include relevant 
information below, as applicable] 
 
[Band 
Rate 
One:] (Delete if 
Band Rate is a 
single 
Band 
Rate) 
[Include details of the single Band Rate or Band Rate 
One, including any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the single Band Rate or Band Rate 
One is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required] 
 
[Band 
Rate 
Two:] 
[Include details of Band Rate Two, including any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If Band 
Rate Two is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual 
is applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required]  
(Delete if Band Rate is a single Band Rate) 
 
 
(Repeat for all relevant Bands) 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Digital 
Band 
Interest 
Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Digital 
Bank 
Interest 
Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(K) 
Inverse Floating Rate 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)]

--- Page 1468 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1442 
 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual Currency 
Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Inverse Floating Rate 
Securities Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning 
on (and including) the Lock-in Date [[⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]] [No Adjustment] 
 
III. 
Inverse 
Fixed 
Rate: 
[⚫][As set out in the Rate Table below] 
 
IV. 
Inverse 
Reference Rate: 
[(Include details of whether the Inverse Reference 
Rate is (A) one Reference Rate (a "Specified Rate") 
or (B) one Reference Rate (a "Specified Rate 1") 
minus another Reference Rate (a "Specified Rate 2", 
and together with Specified Rate 1, each a "Specified 
Rate"). Also include details of each Inverse Reference 
Rate and each Specified Rate, including any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the relevant 
Inverse Reference Rate or Specified Rate is a (i) a 
Floating Interest Rate for which Screen Rate 
Determination applies, include the information from 
item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Rate for which ISDA Determination applies, include 
the applicable information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII 
and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including 
any Table or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, include the 
applicable 
information from item 
14(vi)(C)V, 
including any Table, as required. In all cases this

--- Page 1469 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1443 
 
would include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Securities Provisions as appropriate)] 
 
V. 
Margin(s) 
(Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] [As set 
out in the Rate Table below] 
 
VI. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫]]/[As set out in the Rate Table below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [Specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]  
[As set out in the Rate Table] 
 
VIII. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (Insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫] [As set out in the Rate Table below] [Not 
Applicable]  
 
X. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫] [As set out in the Rate Table below] [Not 
Applicable] (If there is more than one Maximum 
Interest Rate for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods 
and delete columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
[Rate Table for Inverse Floating Rate Securities]

--- Page 1470 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1444 
 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Inverse Fixed 
Rate 
[Margin 
(Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate) 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate) 
[Minimum 
Interest Rate 
(for the 
Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate) 
[Maximum 
Interest Rate 
(for the 
Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate) 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[specify] 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(L) 
Volatility 
Bond 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual Currency 
Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Volatility Bond 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period [from, 
and including, [⚫] to, but excluding, [⚫]] [⚫] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Volatility Bond Securities 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) the Lock-in Date [[ ⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]  
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
 
III. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention] [No adjustment] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] 
 
IV. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)]

--- Page 1471 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1445 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (Insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
V. 
Margin(s) 
(Volatility 
Bond 
Interest 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum] [As set 
out in the Rate Table below] 
 
VI. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) 
(Volatility 
Bond 
Interest 
Rate): 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] [As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
VII. 
Shout Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Shout 
Option 
Cut-off Time: 
[9:00 a.m. (London time)] [specify time] 
 
• 
Details 
for 
giving notice to 
the Issuer and 
the Calculation 
Agent: 
[Specify address / e-mail address and department / 
desk to whom the relevant notice should be addressed] 
 
VIII. 
Volatility Bond 
Rate 1: 
Volatility 
Bond 
Reference 
Rate 
[plus/minus] 
[Volatility Bond Rate 1 Margin][, and multiplied by 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate] 
[(Specify whether the Volatility Bond Reference Rate 
for Volatility Bond Rate 1 is (i) one Reference Rate or 
(ii) the sum of two or more specified Reference Rates 
or (iii) Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2. Also 
include details of such rate, including any relevant

--- Page 1472 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1446 
 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the rate is a 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is applicable), 
include the relevant information from item 14(vi)(A), 
including any Table, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate for 
which Screen Rate Determination applies, include the 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, 
(iii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA Determination 
applies, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
and 
items 
14(vi)(B)XIV 
to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or (iv)  a CMS 
Interest Rate, include the applicable information from 
item 14(vi)(C)V, including any Table, as required)] 
(Expected to be determined on or about the end of the 
relevant Interest Period – the Shout Option, if 
exercised, would operate to change this rate) 
 
• 
Volatility Bond 
Rate 1 Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Volatility Bond 
Rate 1 Margin: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Volatility Bond 
Rate 2: 
Volatility 
Bond 
Reference 
Rate 
[plus/minus] 
[Volatility Bond Rate 2 Margin][, and multiplied by 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate] 
[(Specify whether the Volatility Bond Reference Rate 
for Volatility Bond Rate 2 is (i) one Reference Rate or 
(ii) the sum of two or more specified Reference Rates 
or (iii) Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2. Also 
include details of such rate, including any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the rate is a 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is applicable), 
include the relevant information from item 14(vi)(A), 
including any Table, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate for 
which Screen Rate Determination applies, include the 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, 
(iii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA Determination 
applies, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
and 
items 
14(vi)(B)XIV 
to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or (iv) a CMS 
Interest Rate, include the applicable information from 
item 14(vi)(C)V, including any Table, as required)] 
(Expected to be determined on or about the beginning 
of the relevant Interest Period) 
 
• 
Volatility Bond 
Rate 2 Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1473 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1447 
 
 
• 
Volatility Bond 
Rate 2 Margin: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Volatility Bond 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Volatility Bond 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods 
and delete columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
 
[Rate Table for Volatility Bond Securities] 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[Minimum 
Interest 
Rate (for 
the 
Volatility 
Bond 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Maximum 
Interest 
Rate (for 
the 
Volatility 
Bond 
Interest 
Rate) 
Volatility Bond Interest Rate 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 
[Margin 
(Volatility 
Bond 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
(Volatility 
Bond Interest 
Rate) 
[Margin 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[Margin 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[⚫] [adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/
not 
adjusted]] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(M) 
Synthetic Forward Rate 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual Currency 
Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Rate 
Securities 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period from, 
and including, [⚫] to but excluding, [⚫]] [⚫] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Synthetic Forward Rate 
Securities Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning

--- Page 1474 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1448 
 
provisions 
apply: 
on (and including) the Lock-in Date [[⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
 
III. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] 
 
IV. 
Range Accrual 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: see item 14(vi)(E) above] [Not 
Applicable]  
 
V. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (Insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
VI. 
Margin(s) (SF 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable] [[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum] [As 
set out in the Rate Table below] 
 
VII. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) 
(SF 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫][As set out in the Rate Table below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Synthetic 
Forward Option 
One, Synthetic 
Forward Option 
[Synthetic Forward Option One] [Synthetic Forward 
Option Two] [Synthetic Forward Option Three] 
applicable

--- Page 1475 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1449 
 
Two 
or 
Synthetic 
Forward Option 
Three: 
 
IX. 
Rate 1:  
SF Reference Rate [plus/minus] [Rate 1 Margin][, and 
multiplied by Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate] 
 
• 
Rate 1 Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Rate 1 Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
x: 
[⚫] 
 
X. 
Rate 2: 
SF Reference Rate [plus/minus] [Rate 2 Margin][, and 
multiplied by Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate] 
 
• 
Rate 2 Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Rate 2 Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
y: 
[⚫] 
 
XI. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XII. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XIII. 
[SF Reference 
Rate [in respect 
of 
[Rate 
1] 
[Rate 2]]: 
[(Specify whether the SF Reference Rate for Rate 1 is 
(i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more 
specified Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate 1 
minus Reference Rate 2. Also include details of such 
rate, including any Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate. If the rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where 
accrual 
is 
applicable), 
include 
the 
relevant 
information from item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, 
(ii) a Floating Interest Rate for which Screen Rate 
Determination applies, include the information from 
item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, (iii) a Floating 
Rate for which ISDA Determination applies, include 
the applicable information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII 
and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including 
any Table or (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the

--- Page 1476 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1450 
 
applicable 
information from item 
14(vi)(C)V, 
including any Table, as required)] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
XIV. 
Lev: 
[⚫]% / [Not Applicable] 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods 
and delete columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
 
[Rate Table for Synthetic Forward Rate Securities] 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Relevant SF Rate] 
[Margin (SF Interest 
Rate)] 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
(SF Interest Rate)] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Interest Rate (for 
the Synthetic 
Forward Interest 
Rate)] 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Synthetic Forward 
Option One] / 
[Synthetic Forward 
Option Two] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-
][⚫] per cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods 
and delete columns in respect of items which do not vary. Insert additional columns for Rate 2 and SF 
Rate 2, as applicable) 
 
[Rate Table for Synthetic Forward Rate Securities] 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Rate [1/2]] 
[SF Rate [1/2]] 
[Rate [1/2] Margin] 
[Rate [1/2] Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[SF Rate [1/2] 
Margin] 
[SF Rate [1/2] 
Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-
][⚫] per cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-
][⚫] per cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(N) 
Previous Coupon Linked 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable [, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual Currency 
Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1477 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1451 
 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]  
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]] [As set out in the Rate Table below] [No 
Adjustment] 
 
III. 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference Rate: 
Previous Coupon[, [plus/minus] [(i)] Rate 1][, 
multiplied by Rate 1 Participation Rate] [, 
[plus/minus] (ii) Rate 2][, multiplied by Rate 2 
Participation Rate] [As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
IV. 
Rate 
1 
(for 
determination 
of a Previous 
Coupon 
Reference 
Rate): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate)] [Not Applicable]  
[(Specify details of such Reference Rate, including 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the rate 
is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required)] 
 
V. 
Rate 
1 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
VI. 
Rate 
2 
(for 
determination 
of a Previous 
Coupon 
Reference 
Rate): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate)] [Not Applicable] 
[(Specify details of such Reference Rate, including 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the rate 
is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating

--- Page 1478 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1452 
 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required)] 
 
VII. 
Rate 
2 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate Table 
below]  
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Reference Rate 
(for 
the 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference 
Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate Table 
below]  
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Reference Rate 
(for 
the 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference 
Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate Table 
below]  
 
X. 
Margin 
(Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum]/[As set 
out in the Rate Table below] 
 
XI. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate (Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate Table 
below]  
 
XII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate Table 
below]  
 
XIII. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate Table 
below]  
 
XIV. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]

--- Page 1479 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1453 
 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (Insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods 
and delete columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
 
[Rate Table for Previous Coupon Linked Securities] 
Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] [Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Payment Date] 
[Previous Coupon 
Reference Rate] 
[Margin (Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate)] 
[Interest Participation 
Rate (Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate)] 
[Minimum / 
Maximum Interest 
Rate (for the Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate)] 
[⚫] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
Previous 
Coupon[, 
[plus/minus] [(i)] Rate 
1][, multiplied by Rate 1 
Participation Rate] [, 
[plus/minus] (ii) Rate 
2][, multiplied by Rate 2 
Participation Rate] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-] 
[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum]  
[Not Applicable / [+/-] 
[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods 
and delete columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
 
[Rate Table for Previous Coupon Linked Securities] 
Previous Coupon Reference Rate 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] 
[Previous Coupon Linked 
Payment Date] 
Rate 1 
Rate 2 
[Rate 1 Participation Rate] 
[Rate 2 Participation Rate] 
[⚫] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-] [⚫] per cent. per 
annum] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-] [⚫] per cent. per 
annum] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(O) 
FX 
Performance 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in conjunction 
with another Interest Basis (other than Inflation Rate 
Securities and DIR Inflation Linked Securities). If

--- Page 1480 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1454 
 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
/ 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which the FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period [from, 
and including, [⚫] to, but excluding, [⚫]] [[, subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
6(d) (Interest Linked Redemption Securities),] Each 
of the following Interest Payment Date(s): [⚫] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] to, and 
including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention] [No adjustment]] [⚫] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the FX Performance Securities 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) the Lock-in Date [[ ⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
FX 
Performance 
1: 
[[⚫] / FX Performance 1 shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying specified in item 13 
below/ The rate determined as set out below] [See 
the FX Performance Table below] 
 
[Insert where no rate is specified above and FX Performance 1 is not an 
Underlying: 
 
• 
FX 
Perf 
A 
Currency/FX 
Perf 
B 
Currency: 
The [mid/[⚫]] [⚫] (FX Perf A Currency) / [⚫] (FX 
Perf B Currency) currency exchange rate expressed 
as the number of units of [⚫] for which one unit of [
⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
• 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
III. 
FX 
Performance 
2: 
[ ⚫] [FX Performance 2 shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying specified in item 13 
above] [The rate determined as set out below] [See 
the FX Performance Table below] 
 
[Insert where no rate is specified above and FX Performance 2 is not an 
Underlying: 
 
• 
FX 
Perf 
A 
Currency/FX 
Perf 
B 
Currency: 
The [mid/[ ⚫]] [ ⚫] (FX Perf A Currency)] [[ ⚫] 
(FX Perf B Currency) currency exchange rate 
[(expressed as the number of units of [⚫] for which 
one unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
• 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Page: 
[⚫]

--- Page 1481 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1455 
 
 
• 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Time: 
[⚫]] 
 
IV. 
FX 
Performance 
Participation 
Rate: 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] [See the FX Performance 
Table] 
 
V. 
Specified FX 
Performance 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
FX Performance Valuation Date 1: [Not Applicable] 
[[⚫] [in respect of each Interest [Period/Payment 
Date]] [See the FX Performance Table] 
FX Performance Valuation Date 2: [Not Applicable] 
[[⚫] [in respect of each Interest [Period/Payment 
Date]] [See the FX Performance Table] 
 
VI. 
[Application 
of 
FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions: 
The FX Performance Securities Provisions shall 
apply [[prior to/after] the application of the [Reserve 
Coupon Securities Provisions] [Global Interest Floor 
Securities Provisions] [and the] [Global Interest Cap 
Securities Provisions] [Auto Floor Securities 
Provisions] [Auto Cap Securities Provisions]] (Insert 
where the Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions or 
the Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions 
and/or the Global Interest Cap Securities Provisions 
or the Auto Floor Securities Provisions or Auto Cap 
Securities Provisions also apply) 
 
(Insert table below if any of the relevant items above is different for each Interest Period or Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
[FX Performance Table for FX Performance Securities] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
[FX 
Performance 1] 
[FX 
Performance 
Valuation Date 
1] 
[FX Performance 2] 
[FX 
Performance 
Valuation Date 
2] 
FX 
Performance 
Participation 
Rate 
[Insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[⚫] / FX 
Performance 1 
shall be 
determined by 
reference to the 
Underlying 
specified in item 
13 above / The 
rate determined as 
set out in item 
14(vi)(O)II 
above] 
[[⚫] / Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫] / FX 
Performance 2 shall 
be determined by 
reference to the 
Underlying specified 
in item 13 above / 
The rate determined 
as set out in item 
14(vi)(O)III above] 
[[⚫] / Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫] / Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(P) 
Reserve 
Coupon 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in conjunction 
with another Interest Basis (other than Fixed Rate 
Securities, Inflation Rate Securities and DIR Inflation 
Linked Securities). If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
/ 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period [from, 
and including, [[⚫] to, but excluding, [[⚫]] [[, subject

--- Page 1482 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1456 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Reserve 
Coupon 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
6(d) (Interest Linked Redemption Securities),] Each of 
the following Interest Payment Date(s): [[⚫] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [[ ⚫] to, and 
including, [[⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] [[⚫] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities)) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Reserve Coupon Securities 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) the Lock-in Date [[[ ⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][[⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Relevant 
Option: 
Option [1]/[2]/[3] 
 
• 
[Reserve 
Coupon 
Rate 
(RCR): 
[[⚫] per cent. [per annum]]/ [⚫]] (Specify where the 
Relevant Option is Option 1, otherwise delete row) 
 
 
• 
[Initial Reserve 
Period: 
From (and including) [⚫]/[the Issue Date] to (but 
excluding) [⚫] 
 
• 
RPN: 
[⚫]] (Specify where the Relevant Option is Option 2, 
otherwise delete rows) 
 
• 
[Floor: 
[⚫]] (Specify where the Relevant Option is Option 3, 
otherwise delete row) 
 
(Q) 
Global Interest Floor 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert: 
Floor Rate: [⚫] per cent.] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in conjunction 
with another Interest Basis (other than Fixed Rate 
Securities, Auto Floor Securities and Auto Cap 
Securities)) 
 
(R) 
Auto Floor Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in conjunction 
with another Interest Basis (other than Fixed Rate 
Securities, Global Interest Floor Securities and 
Global Interest Cap Securities). If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
/ 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which the Auto 
Floor Securities 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period [from, 
and including, [⚫] to, but excluding, [⚫]] [[, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities),] Each of the 
following Interest Payment Date(s): [ ⚫] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [ ⚫] to, and

--- Page 1483 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1457 
 
Provisions 
apply: 
including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention] [No adjustment]] [⚫] 
 
II. 
Initial Floorlets 
Number: 
[⚫] 
 
III. 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(S) 
Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert: 
Cap Rate: [⚫] per cent.] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in conjunction 
with another Interest Basis (other than Fixed Rate 
Securities, Auto Floor Securities and Auto Cap 
Securities)) 
 
(T) 
Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in conjunction 
with another Interest Basis (other than Fixed Rate 
Securities, Global Interest Floor Securities and 
Global Interest Cap Securities). If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
/ 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which the Auto 
Cap Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period [from, 
and including, [⚫] to, but excluding, [⚫]] [[, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities),] Each of the 
following Interest Payment Date(s): [ ⚫] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [ ⚫] to, and 
including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] [⚫] 
 
II. 
Initial Caplets 
Number: 
[⚫] 
 
III. 
Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(U) 
Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable:  
Restructure Rate Request Start Date: [⚫] 
Maximum Number of Restructure Rate Acceptances: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
Fixed Restructure Fee: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Fixed Fee Amount: [⚫]] 
Basis Points Restructure Fee: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[If applicable:

--- Page 1484 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1458 
 
Number of Basis Points: [⚫] basis points] 
(NB: Elect one of Fixed Restructure Fee or Basis 
Points Restructure Fee above (and complete as 
applicable) for the purposes of calculating the 
Restructure Fee) 
Issuer Notice Details: [Insert notice details for 
delivery of notices to the Issuer]] 
 
(V) 
Interim 
Performance 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Type of Interim Performance Interest Security: [Twin 
Win/Reverse] Interim Performance Security][if an 
Interest Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [and]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(W) 
Interest Rollup: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Underlying Valuation 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Averaging: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the [Interest 
Strike Dates/Interest Valuation Dates] [insert as 
appropriate - for the purpose of determining [whether 
an Interest Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Interest Amount [if an Interest 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred][:]] [and] [in respect 
of [insert relevant Interest Underlying]]  (Repeat as 
necessary) (Only applicable where "Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Interest Stike Dates" is 
specified for Interest Initial Level) 
[In the event that an [Interest Strike Date/Interest 
Valuation Date] is a Disrupted Day [Omission 
/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will apply] 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Range Accrual 
[Value What You Can/Move In Block] Observation is 
Applicable (as specified above)/Not Applicable][The 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(c)(i) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)) [apply/do not apply.] 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2(c) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(C) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/ Range Accrual 
[Value What You Can/Move In Block] Observation is 
Applicable (as specified above)/Not Applicable] [The 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition

--- Page 1485 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1459 
 
2(d)(i) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) apply] 
 
(D) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
(In the case of Securities for which Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis applies, the provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.24(c) will apply in respect of 
a Lock-in Determination Date instead of this item 
14(vii) where "Preceding Determination" is specified 
as the Determination Date Valuation Method. Include 
for Lock-in Change of Interest Basis (where a relevant 
reference/barrier is an FX Rate) where "Succeeding 
Determination" is specified as the Determination 
Date Valuation Method) 
 
TABLE 
[[Interest 
[Period] 
Strike Level] 
[Specified 
[Interest] 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
[1] (%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier 
Level 
[2] 
(%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest Lock-
in Level (%)] 
[Specified 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date] 
[Specified 
Fixed 
Rate] 
[Interest 
[Amount/Rate
]] 
[if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] [does not 
occur][or] 
[occurs] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[and 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date]] 
[and] 
[in 
each 
case][Minimu
m 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
[and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
Interest 
[Amount/Ra
te] 
if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
[2] 
[does 
not 
occur][or] 
[occurs] in 
respect 
of 
the relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[and 
the relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date]] [and] 
[in 
each 
case][Minim
um Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] [and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
[IPR/FX 
Performance/
Interest 
Adjustment/Z
%/Coupon 
Rate/Margin] 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[[⚫] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫]  
[Interest 
[Period] Initial 
Level] 
(specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
underlying, 
performance-
linked interest 
amount, 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
and 
Interest 
Period, where 
different and as 
appropriate) 
[[⚫]  
[Reference 
Month: [⚫]] 
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [⚫
] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)][ ⚫
]]  
[greater 
than 
[(or equal to)] [
⚫]% and less 
than [(or equal 
to)] [⚫]% of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫]% 
of the Interest 
Initial Level of 
]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫] (specify 
where different 
for 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
and 
relevant 
Performance-
[greater than 
[(or 
equal 
to)] [ ⚫]% 
and less than 
[(or 
equal 
to)] [⚫]% of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level 
of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying] 
[⚫]] [greater 
than] 
[greater than 
or equal to] 
[less 
than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫
]% of the 
Interest 
Initial Level 
of 
]the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying] 
[⚫] (specify 
where 
different for 
[greater 
than 
(or equal to) [
⚫]% and less 
than (or equal 
to) [ ⚫]% of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫]% 
of the Interest 
Initial Level of 
]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫] 
(specify 
where different 
for 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings) 
[[⚫] 
[Reference 
Month: [⚫]] 
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
[for 
all 
the 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings] 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
[for 
any 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [⚫
] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
[[[⚫][%] [per 
annum payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-annually / 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly / other 
(specify)]] 
in 
arrear][As set 
out 
in 
item 
14(iv)[(V)/ [⚫
]] above] [The 
amount (if any) 
determined as 
provided 
in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 4] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] [does not] 
occur[s] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [ ⚫]] 
[and] 
[[[ ⚫][%] 
[per annum 
payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-
annually 
/ 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly 
/ 
other 
(specify)]] in 
arrear][As 
set 
out 
in 
item 
14(iv)[(V)/ [
⚫]] above] 
[The amount 
(if 
any) 
determined 
as provided 
in Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 4] 
if an Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
[2] 
[does 
not] 
occur[s] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
[IPR: [⚫]] 
[FX 
Performance [
⚫]]: 
[Interest 
Adjustment: 
[ ⚫] [Barrier 
Event 
Applicable: 
Barrier Event 
Satisfied 
Interest 
Adjustment: [
⚫]. 
Barrier Event 
Not 
Satisfied 
Interest 
Adjustment: [
⚫].]] 
[Z: [⚫]%]  
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/ 
not 
adjusted] 
[where EMTA 
provisions are 
applicable 
in 
respect of any 
FX Rate: or, if 
later, 
the 
Number 
of 
Settlement 
Business Days 
following 
the 
[last occurring] 
Interest 
Valuation Date 
relating to such 
Interest 
Payment Date]

--- Page 1486 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1460 
 
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range 
Accrual 
Securities 
only)]] 
Linked Interest 
Amount, 
as 
applicable) 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
and 
relevant 
Performance
-Linked 
Interest 
Amount, 
as 
applicable) 
[UCL 
Adjustment: [
⚫]] 
including)] [⚫
]] 
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range 
Accrual 
Securities 
only)] 
 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [⚫] ] / [
⚫
] 
per 
Security]]  
[Either: (i)] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] 
has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [⚫] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[⚫]] [or (ii) if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] 
has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [⚫] 
[or 
more] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[ ⚫]] (specify 
for the relevant 
number 
of 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
where 
the 
Securities are 
Multi-Chance 
Securities] (in 
each 
case, 
specify 
as 
necessary 
for 
each 
applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [⚫]] 
[and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [⚫] ] / 
[ ⚫] per 
Security]]  
[Either: (i)] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event [2] has 
occurred in 
respect of [
⚫] Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) [only] [or 
less], [ ⚫]] 
[or (ii) if an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event [2] has 
occurred in 
respect of [
⚫] [or more] 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) [only] [or 
less], [ ⚫]] 
(specify for 
the relevant 
number 
of 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) where the 
Securities 
are 
Multi-
Chance 
Securities] 
(in 
each 
case, specify 
as necessary 
for 
each 
applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
(in each case, 
specify 
alternatives 
where 
an 
interest barrier 
event 
has 
occurred 
or 
has 
not 
occurred, 
if 
applicable) 
(specify for each interest payment date and delete the relevant column if not applicable) (repeat this Table and/or the applicable columns as necessary where there are different 
Interest Barrier Events occurring in respect of different Interest Payment Dates resulting in different Interest Amounts payable) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SWITCHER OPTION 
15. Switcher Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Switcher Interest Commencement 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
New Interest Basis: 
[include details of the New Interest Basis or the or 
each 
Switcher 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
including cross referring to relevant paragraphs 
herein 
and 
including 
any 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date and/or Margin and/or Interest 
Participation Rate] 
 
(iii) 
Conversion 
Amount 
per 
Calculation Amount payable by 
the Issuer: 
[include details of any conversion amount payable by 
the Issuer and the relevant Switcher Interest 
Commencement Date in respect of which it is payable 
if more than one][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Switcher Payment Date: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1487 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1461 
 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.24(a) (Switcher Option)] [Not less than [(specify)] 
Business Days] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO LOCK-IN CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS 
16. 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Interest Basis: 
[include details of the Initial Interest Basis including 
cross referring to relevant paragraphs herein] 
 
(ii) 
Changed Interest Basis: 
[Following the occurrence of [the] Lock-in Event [1]: 
[include details of the Changed Interest Basis 
including cross referring to relevant paragraphs 
herein]] 
 
 
[Following the occurrence of Lock-in Event 1 and 
Lock-in Event [2][n]: [include details of the Changed 
Interest Basis including cross referring to relevant 
paragraphs herein]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for Lock-in Events n=1….k) 
 
(iii) 
Lock-in Date: 
[ ⚫] [The Interest Period End Date immediately 
succeeding the Lock-in Determination Date on which 
the Lock-in Condition was satisfied in respect of all 
the relevant Lock-in Events] [The Interest Payment 
Date 
immediately 
succeeding 
the 
Lock-in 
Determination Date on which the Lock-in Condition 
was satisfied in respect of all the relevant Lock-in 
Events] 
 
(iv) 
Lock-in Condition [1]: 
 
 
(v) 
Lock-in Reference Observation 
[1]: 
[Specify what the Lock-in Reference Observation will 
be from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.24(d) (Determination of Lock-
in Reference Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
 
 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, 
including 
any 
relevant 
Specified 
Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, Interest Participation 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the relevant Reference 
Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table 
or (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required. In all cases this would include

--- Page 1488 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1462 
 
being determined by reference to the Spread 
Securities Provisions as appropriate] 
 
 
[See [also] item 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
 
 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
(vi) 
Lock-in Barrier [1]: 
[Specify what the Lock-in Barrier will be from the 
options set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.24(d) 
(Determination 
of 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
 
 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, 
including 
any 
relevant 
Specified 
Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, Interest Participation 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the relevant Reference 
Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table 
or (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required. In all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the Spread 
Securities Provisions as appropriate] 
 
 
[See [also] item 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
 
 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Lock-in Barrier Reference [1]: 
[Greater than the Lock-in Barrier [1]/Greater than or 
equal to the Lock-in Barrier [1]/Less than the Lock-in 
Barrier [1]/Less than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier 
[1]] 
 
(viii) 
[Lock-in Condition [n]: 
(Include for each Lock-in Condition n = 2 … k) 
 
(ix) 
Lock-in Reference Observation 
[n]: 
[Specify what the Lock-in Reference Observation will 
be from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.24(d) (Determination of Lock-
in Reference Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
 
 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, 
including 
any 
relevant 
Specified 
Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, Interest Participation 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the relevant Reference 
Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating

--- Page 1489 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1463 
 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table 
or (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required. In all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the Spread 
Securities Provisions as appropriate) 
 
 
[See item 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX Rate]] 
 
 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
(x) 
Lock-in Barrier [n]: 
[Specify what the Lock-in Barrier will be from the 
options set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.24(d) 
(Determination 
of 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
 
 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, 
including 
any 
relevant 
Specified 
Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, Interest Participation 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the relevant Reference 
Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table 
or (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required. In all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the Spread 
Securities Provisions as appropriate) 
 
 
[See item 13 for details of the Rate[s]/FX Rate] 
 
 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
(xi) 
Lock-in Barrier Reference [n]: 
[Greater than the Lock-in Barrier [n]/Greater than or 
equal to the Lock-in Barrier [n]/Less than the Lock-in 
Barrier [n]/Less than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier 
[n]]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO ZERO COUPON SECURITIES 
17. Zero Coupon Securities Provisions: 
(i) 
Amortised Face Amount: 
[Applicable[ - see item 21(xii)]/Not Applicable] 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Amortised Face 
Amount applies/Single Rate Amortisation Yield 
applies, for which purpose "Linear Accretion"

--- Page 1490 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1464 
 
[applies/does not apply]/Multiple Rate Amortisation 
Yield applies] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
if 
"Calculation 
Agent 
Determination of Amortised Face Amount" is 
specified above or if the Securities are also Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes (in which case the provisions of item 
21(xii) apply), delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(ii) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[[⚫] [per cent. per annum] [on a [non-]compounding 
basis]] 
(If "Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified 
above, insert the below table) 
 
 
[Amortisation Yield Table 
 
 
i 
Calculation Period 
Amortisation 
Yield 
 
 
 
Start Date 
End Date 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[specify 
date] 
[specify date] 
[⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as required)] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Price: 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA), for which purpose the 
Determination Dates shall be [⚫] in each year] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO ANY ISSUER CALL, INVESTOR PUT, ANY MANDATORY 
EARLY REDEMPTION, THE REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND ANY ENTITLEMENT 
DELIVERABLE 
18. Issuer Call and Investor Put: 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫]] [Each date set out under the heading "Optional 
Redemption Date" in the Table below: 
Optional Redemption 
Date 
Optional Redemption 
Amount 
[⚫] 
[⚫]][Index Skew Early 
Termination Amount]] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ⚫] per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security specified 
under the heading "Optional Redemption Amount" in 
the Table in item 14(i)(A) above] [Zero Coupon 
Amortised Face Amount (Specify for Single Name

--- Page 1491 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1465 
 
CLNs or Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate)]] 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] 
 
(C) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Security] [Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Security] [Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less than 
[⚫] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent) 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫]] [Each date set out under the heading "Optional 
Redemption Date" in the Table below: 
(Repeat as necessary) 
Optional Redemption 
Date 
Optional Redemption 
Amount 
[⚫] 
[⚫] [Index Skew Early 
Termination Amount]]  
 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ⚫]per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security specified 
under the heading "Optional Redemption Amount" in 
the Table in item 14(ii)(A) above] [Index Skew Early 
Termination Amount] 
 
(C) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less than 
[⚫] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent)

--- Page 1492 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1466 
 
19. Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Condition: 
[Rollerball MER Condition] 
[TARN MER Condition] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date[s] [other than [[⚫]/the 
Interest Payment Date falling on or about the 
[Scheduled] Maturity Date]]/[ ⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
 
(C) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount(s): 
[[⚫] [As set out in the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Table] 
 
(D) 
Rollerball 
MER 
Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
I. 
Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Specify what the Rollerball Reference Observation 
will be from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(b) 
(Rollerball 
MER 
Condition)]  
[Where there is more than one Reference Rate, specify 
whether the Rollerball Reference Observation is 
different for each Reference Rate and each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Dates] 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, 
including any relevant Specified MER Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the relevant Reference Rate is a (i) 
a Floating Interest Rate for which Screen Rate 
Determination applies, include the information from 
item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Rate for which ISDA Determination applies, include 
the applicable information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII 
and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including 
any Table or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, include the 
applicable information from item 
14(vi)(C)V, 
including any Table, as required. In all cases this 
would include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Securities Provisions as appropriate] 
 
 
[See [also] item 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
[As set out in the Rollerball Reference Determination 
Table]

--- Page 1493 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1467 
 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
II. 
Rollerball 
Barrier: 
[Specify what the Rollerball Barrier will be from the 
options set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
5(b) (Rollerball MER Condition)]  
[Where there is more than one Reference Rate, specify 
whether the Rollerball Barrier is different for each 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
each 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Dates] 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, 
including any relevant Specified MER Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the relevant Reference Rate is a (i) 
Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is applicable), 
include the relevant information from item 14(vi)(A), 
including any Table, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate for 
which Screen Rate Determination applies, include the 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, 
(iii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA Determination 
applies, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
and 
items 
14(vi)(B)XIV 
to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or (iv) a CMS 
Interest Rate, include the applicable information from 
item 14(vi)(C)V, including any Table, as required. In 
all cases this would include being determined by 
reference to the Spread Securities Provisions as 
appropriate] 
 
 
[See [also] item 13 for details of the Rate[s]/FX Rate] 
 
 
[As set out in the Rollerball Reference Determination 
Table] 
 
 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
III. 
Rollerball 
Barrier 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Rollerball Barrier/Greater than or 
equal to the Rollerball Barrier/Less than the 
Rollerball Barrier/Less than or equal to the Rollerball 
Barrier] 
 
(E) 
TARN MER Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
 
I. 
TARN Rate: 
[ ⚫] [See the Mandatory Early Redemption Table 
below] 
 
II. 
Excluded 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable] [[ ⚫] / [The Interest Amounts 
determined by reference to [specify interest basis] as 
set out in item [ ⚫] above] [specify relevant 
period(s)/date(s), where relevant]] shall be Excluded 
Interest Amount[s] for the purposes of the TARN 
MER Condition] (Specify the interest basis and the 
related Interest Period(s) and/or Interest Payment 
Date(s) for the Interest Amount(s) which will not be

--- Page 1494 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1468 
 
taken into account for the purposes of the TARN MER 
Condition) 
 
(Insert table below if the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount for each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date is different) 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s) 
Specified MER 
Determination Date(s) 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount 
[TARN Rate] 
[Insert date(s)] 
[Insert date(s)] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(ii) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
General: 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike 
Level, Specified MER 
Valuation 
Date, 
Specified MER Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation 
Date, 
Lower 
MER 
Barrier Level, Upper 
MER 
Barrier 
Level, 
MER 
Barrier 
Level, 
Specified MER Barrier 
Observation Date, MER 
Amount, 
Upper 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
and Lower Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount, 
MERPR, 
MERPR Call, MERPR 
Put, MER Date, MER 
Coupon, MER Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
(as 
relevant): 
See Table below 
 
(B) 
Specified 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike Date: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] [Not Applicable][⚫] [and 
[⚫]]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [⚫]] each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted Day for that Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] [
⚫] to [(but excluding) [(and including)] [⚫]] (where a 
different Specified Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Date applies for any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying, specify for each Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying)

--- Page 1495 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1469 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Specified 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Initial Floor Strike Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [⚫] 
(where a different Specified Mandatory Early 
Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date applies for any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, specify for 
each Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying)] 
 
[Specified Early Exit 
MER 
Barrier 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s)]:] [[⚫]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading 
Days prior to [⚫]] [Each Scheduled Trading Day [for 
all the [Early Exit MER Barrier Underlyings] 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings] which is 
not a Disrupted Day [for any [Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying] 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying]] from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] 
[⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and including)][⚫]]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary)] 
 
Underlying(s) 
relevant 
to 
Mandatory Early Redemption, 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Provisions 
and 
levels of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying: 
[[⚫]] [The Underlyings specified in item 13 above] 
[and [each] such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying shall be an Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance [A/B] Underlying (specify for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying where 
Outperformance Provisions apply in respect of the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Provisions)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/All of 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/Each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying (subject to a minimum of [⚫] Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlyings)/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date 
and/or, as the case may be, each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event) 
 
(C) 
[Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/All of 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/Each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying (subject to a minimum of [⚫] Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlyings)][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1496 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1470 
 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date 
and/or, as the case may be, each Early Exit MER 
Barrier Event)] 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1497 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1471 
 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table below/[
⚫] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Date, MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with highest 
(or equal highest) Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance for that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with [ ⚫] 
highest (or [⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
for that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]%

--- Page 1498 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1472 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1499 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1473 
 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table below/[
⚫] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [where Nth means 
(specify)]: [(i.e., the highest)]] 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Date, MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1500 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1474 
 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table below/[
⚫] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [where "Nth" means 
(specify)]: [(i.e., the lowest)] 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Date, MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 1501 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1475 
 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1502 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1476 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions 
for Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1503 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1477 
 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying 
Wn 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying with highest (or equal highest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫
]% 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying with [ ⚫] highest (or [ ⚫] equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance for that Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date] 
[⚫
]% 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫
]% 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫
]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫
]% 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1504 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1478 
 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1505 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1479 
 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions 
for Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1506 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1480 
 
(Barrier 
Event): 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
 
 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying with highest (or equal highest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying with [ ⚫] highest (or [ ⚫] equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance for that Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out 
below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn

--- Page 1507 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1481 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III.  
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1508 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1482 
 
(Barrier 
Event): 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1509 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1483 
 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
 
Provisions relating to levels of 
the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Initial 
Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance Amount] [and] 
[the Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
[if a MER Redemption Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] [Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date/Closing Level on MER Re 
Strike Date/Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates/Lowest 
Closing Level on Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike Dates/Highest Closing 
Level on Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates/(specify, in table form, 
where appropriate, for each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying) [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates will need 
to be included) 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
[MER Initial Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Initial 
Floor Percentage: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s)]:] [⚫]/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Reference 
Level: 
[Not Applicable][Insert as appropriate - For the 
purpose of determining [whether a MER Barrier 
Event has occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance 
Amount] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [and] [[I/i]n respect of 
[insert relevant MER Underlying]:]:] [Closing Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date/Arithmetic 
Average 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day Level 
on Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Barrier

--- Page 1510 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1484 
 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
a 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date, MER Underlying and/or Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event]:] 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable 
– 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Event European Observation 
[(for which purpose: Autocall Memory Event: 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable)]/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Event European Performance 
Observation/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event 
American 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation 
– 
Closing 
Level/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American Observation – Intra-Day Level/Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event American One-
Touch Observation – Closing Level [(for which 
purpose: Autocall Memory Event: Applicable/Not 
Applicable)]/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day 
Level/Target Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event and, for which purpose: 
 
 
Target 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
(Capped) 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Target 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Threshold Amount: (specify aggregate 
amount in respect of all Interest Payment 
Dates and a Calculation Amount) 
[[Include/Exclude] Any Interest Amount 
Due on Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[Include 
Any 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount: 
Applicable 
(delete 
if 
not 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Reset MER Barrier 
Level or Latest Reset MER Barrier Level:  
Reset MER Floor Level: [ ⚫]/[See Table 
below] 
[Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference Level] Applicable] 
[Latest 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference Level] Applicable] 
[Performance 
Product 
Base 
Level: 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level

--- Page 1511 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1485 
 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s)]/[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Strike Level of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s)]/[⚫
]] 
[Reset MER Underlying(s): [Insert if 
appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER 
Date 
and/or 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event]:] 
[The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/All of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)/Each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
(subject to a minimum of [⚫] Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlyings)/Not 
Applicable]] 
(delete if not applicable)] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date 
and/or MER Barrier Event (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
(B) 
[Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date, Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying 
and/or Early Exit MER Barrier Event]:] [Not 
Applicable/Applicable – [Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event European Observation/Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event American Observation – Closing Level/ Early 
Exit MER Barrier Event American Observation – 
Intra-Day Level/Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
American 
One-Touch 
Observation 
– 
Closing 
Level/Early Exit MER Barrier Event American One-
Touch 
Observation 
– 
Intra-Day 
Level/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date, Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying 
and/or Early Exit MER Barrier Event]:] 
[Early Exit MER Barrier Level: [ ⚫]/[See Table 
below]] 
[Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level: [⚫]/[See Table 
below]] 
[Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level: [⚫]/[See Table 
below]] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date, 
Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying and/or Early Exit 
MER Barrier Event (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable))]

--- Page 1512 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1486 
 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
a 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Underlying and/or MER Date]:] [Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Observation]] 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Underlying and/or 
MER Date) 
 
(B) 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [greater than] [greater than or equal to] 
[less than] [less than or equal to] [[⚫]%] [of [the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying / [ ⚫] (specify, in table format, where 
appropriate where different for different Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings and/or MER 
Dates)]/Not Applicable] 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying and/or MER Date) 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
due where MER Upper 
Barrier Percentage is 
Not Applicable: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount/See MER 
Amount in Table below/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
due where MER Upper 
Barrier Percentage is 
Applicable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Upper 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount/See Table 
below/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Lower 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount/See Table 
below Not Applicable]

--- Page 1513 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1487 
 
 
(C) 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Put Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable]   
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Relevant 
Percentage: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]]  [[⚫]]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary) 
 
II. 
Call Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1514 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1488 
 
Redemption 
Amount: 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
III. 
Call Spread – 
Put 
Spread 
Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs)] 
 
Call Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Call Floor: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Floor: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
 
Global 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary)

--- Page 1515 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1489 
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Call: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Put: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Twin 
Win 
Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(D) 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Snowball 
Accrual Rate: 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
II. 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Relevant 
Percentage: 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
III. 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Denominator: 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary)

--- Page 1516 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1490 
 
 
IV. 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Period: 
[The period commencing on [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫] and ending on [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] [the first Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date in respect of 
which a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
has occurred]] 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
V. 
Snowball 
Accrual Day: 
[Each calendar day]/[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(E) 
[Early 
Exit 
MER 
Amount: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [⚫]/See Table below/Not Applicable] 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption 
Coupon: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [See MER Coupon in Table below/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying Valuation Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Averaging 
[Not Applicable]  
[Averaging 
[applies/does 
not 
apply] 
to 
the 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/ 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates] 
[insert as appropriate - for the purpose of determining 
[whether a MER Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
[if a MER Redemption Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]] (Repeat as necessary) (Only applicable 
where "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates" is 
specified for Mandatory Early Redemption Initial 
Level and/or "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates" is 
specified for Mandatory Early Redemption Reference 
Level) 
[In the event that a [Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Date/ Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation 
Date] 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission 
/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will apply] 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable][The 
provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)[(i)] (Adjustments to 
Valuation 
Dates 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) do not apply to that Rate)

--- Page 1517 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1491 
 
 
(C) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable/[ ⚫]] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)[(i)] (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Closing Levels)) [apply/do not apply]] 
 
(D) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable]  
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
(In the case of Securities for which Mandatory Early 
Redemption applies, the provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5 will apply in respect of a MER 
Determination Date instead of this item 19(ii) where 
"Preceding Determination" is specified as the 
Determination Date Valuation Method. Include for 
Mandatory Early Redemption (where a relevant 
reference/barrier is an FX Rate) where "Succeeding 
Determination" is specified as the Determination 
Date Valuation Method) 
TABLE 
MER 
Strike 
Level 
Specified 
MER 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Specified 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
Valuation 
Date 
[Early 
Exit] 
[Lower / 
Upper] 
MER 
Barrier 
Level (%) 
[Reset 
MER 
Floor 
Level (%) 
Specified MER 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
MER 
Amount/ 
Upper 
Mandato
ry Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount 
And 
Lower 
Mandato
ry Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount/ 
Early 
Exit 
MER 
Amount 
MERPR 
(%) 
[Ma
ndat
ory 
Earl
y 
Red
emp
tion 
Perf
orm
ance 
Pro
visio
ns 
MER Date 
[MER 
Coupon 
[MER 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
[Insert as 
appropri
ate - For 
the 
purpose 
of 
determini
ng 
[whether 
a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performa
nce-
Linked 
MER 
Redempti
on 
Amount 
[if a MER 
Redempti
on 
Barrier 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]
:] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[⚫]] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[⚫]] 
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Days prior 
to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for 
the MER 
Underlyin
g which is 
not 
a 
Disrupted 
Day 
for 
the MER 
Underlyin
g 
from 
[(and 
including)
] 
[(but 
excluding
)] [⚫] to 
[(but 
excluding
)] 
[(and 
including)
] [⚫]] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[⚫]] 
[[Each] 
[Any] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
[for 
all 
the 
MER 
Underlyin
gs which 
is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for 
any MER 
Underlyin
g] 
from 
[(and 
including)
] 
[(but 
excluding
)] [⚫] to 
[(but 
excluding
)] 
[(and 
including)
] [⚫]] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[⚫] 
/Reset 
MER 
Barrier 
Level 
/Latest 
Reset 
MER 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e]/ 
[⚫]] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate 
- 
For the purpose 
of determining 
[whether a MER 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-
Linked 
MER 
Redemption 
Amount [if a 
MER 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
[not] 
occurred]:] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫]] 
[[⚫] Scheduled 
Trading 
Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
[Each Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
[for all the MER 
Barrier 
Underlyings] 
which is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for any MER 
Barrier 
Underlying] 
from 
[(and 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[
⚫
]/[Perform
ance-
Linked 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount]/[
Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount]  
[(subject 
to 
a 
[Maximu
m 
Amount]/[
Maximum 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount] 
(cap) of [
⚫]] [and] 
[subject to 
a 
[Insert as 
appropria
te - For the 
purpose of 
determini
ng 
[whether a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redempti
on 
Amount 
[if a MER 
Redempti
on Barrier 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:
] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[⚫]] 
[[
⚫
] 
being the 
MERPR 
Call and [
[Sin
gle 
Und
erlyi
ng 
Obs
ervat
ion/
Wei
ghte
d 
Bask
et 
Obs
ervat
ion/ 
Best 
of 
Bask
et 
Obs
ervat
ion 
/Wo
rst 
of 
Bask
et 
Obs
ervat
ion/
Outp
erfor
man
ce 
Obs
[⚫] / [[Five]/[
⚫] Business 
Days following 
the first MER 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date in respect 
of 
which 
a 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has occurred] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/ 
not 
adjusted] 
[where EMTA 
provisions 
are 
applicable 
in 
respect of any 
FX Rate: or, if 
later, 
the 
Number 
of 
Settlement 
Business Days 
following 
the 
[last occurring] 
MER Valuation 
Date relating to 
such 
MER 
Date] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] [⚫]] 
[⚫] [adjusted 
in accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]]/
[not 
adjusted]]

--- Page 1518 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1492 
 
[MER 
Initial 
Level] 
(specify 
for each 
MER 
Underlyi
ng where 
different)
] 
including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] [⚫]] 
[Minimu
m 
Amount]/[
Minimum 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount] 
(floor) of [
⚫]] 
⚫] being 
the 
MERPR 
Put] 
ervat
ion]] 
(specify for each MER date where relevant and delete the relevant column if not applicable) (repeat this 
Table and/or the applicable columns as necessary where there are different MER events or Early Exit 
MER Barrier Events occurring in respect of different MER dates resulting in different MER amounts, 
Early Exit MER amounts and/or MER coupons payable) 
20. 
Redemption Amount: 
[[ ⚫] per Security] [Maturity Redemption Amount] 
(include for Credit Linked Notes)] [See item (i) below] 
[DIR Inflation Linked Redemption Amount (see item 
20(ii) below)] [Lock-in Redemption Amount (see item 
20(iii) below)] [Rate Linked Redemption Amount (see 
item 20(iv) below)] [Interest Linked Redemption 
Amount (see item 20(v) below)] [Redemption Reserve 
Amount (see item 20(vi) below)] [Redemption by 
Instalments (see item 20(vii) below)] [, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 
(Dual Currency Securities)] 
 
(i) 
Underlying Linked Securities 
Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph or, if the Securities are 
Preference Share Linked Securities, delete all the 
following sub-paragraphs of this paragraph except the 
sub-paragraph entitled "Provisions relating to the 
Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount in 
respect of Preference Share Linked Securities") 
 
Dates 
 
(A) 
Specified 
Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] [[⚫]] [[⚫] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to [⚫]] [Each Scheduled 
Trading Day [for all the Redemption Underlyings] 
which is not a Disrupted Day [for any Redemption 
Underlying] from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] [
⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and including)][⚫]]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
and complete 
this 
sub-paragraph as 
necessary) 
 
(B) 
Specified 
Final 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of determining 
[whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [(insert in 
respect of Buy the Dip Securities) the Redemption 
Amount]:] [[⚫]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading Days prior to 
[⚫]] [Expiry Date]

--- Page 1519 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1493 
 
(repeat 
and complete 
this 
sub-paragraph as 
necessary) 
 
 
(specify "Expiry Date" for Securities linked to 
Dividend Futures Contracts where the Relevant Price 
for the Specified Final Valuation Date is specified to 
be the "final settlement price" in item 12(ii) above) 
 
(C) 
Specified 
Redemption 
Strike 
Date: 
[[Insert as applicable - [In respect of [insert relevant 
Redemption Underlying, Redemption [Upper][Lower] 
Barrier Event or Performance Linked Redemption 
Amount]:] [Not Applicable/[[⚫]] [[⚫] [and [⚫]] [[⚫] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to [⚫]]/ Each Scheduled 
Trading Day for the relevant Redemption Underlying 
which is not a Disrupted Day for that Redemption 
Underlying from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] [
⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and including)] [⚫]] [Not 
Applicable] (where a different Specified Redemption 
Strike Date applies for any Redemption Underlying, 
Redemption [Upper][Lower] Barrier Event and/or 
Performance Linked Redemption Amount, repeat and 
specify for each Redemption Underlying, Redemption 
[Upper][Lower] Barrier Event and/or Performance 
Linked Redemption Amount, as appropriate)] [Not 
Applicable] 
[See also Market Timer Redemption Strike Date(s) 
below] 
 
[Specified 
Redemption 
Initial 
Floor Strike Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Redemption 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [ ⚫] (where a 
different Specified Redemption Initial Floor Strike 
Date applies for any Redemption Underlying, specify 
for each Redemption Underlying)] 
 
Underlying(s) 
relevant 
to 
redemption, 
Final 
Performance provisions and 
levels of the Redemption 
Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Underlying(s): 
[⚫] [The Underlyings specified in item 13 above] [and 
[each] such Redemption Underlying shall be the Final 
Outperformance [A/B] Underlying (specify for each 
Redemption 
Underlying 
where 
Outperformance 
Provisions apply in respect of the Final Performance 
Provisions)] (repeat for each Redemption Underlying, 
as appropriate) 
 
(B) 
Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[ ⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Final 
Performance 
Underlying] 
[specify Underlying(s)] [Not Applicable] 
 
Final Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower]

--- Page 1520 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1494 
 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and complete this sub-paragraph as necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1521 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1495 
 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and complete this sub-paragraph as necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[Redemption Underlying with highest (or equal highest) 
Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
[Redemption Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] equal 
[highest/lowest]) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Redemption Underlying) 
 
[Redemption Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) 
Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out 
below: 
Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Redemption Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1522 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1496 
 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [where 
"Nth" means (specify)]: [(i.e., the highest)]]  
(repeat 
and complete 
this 
sub-paragraph as 
necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1523 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1497 
 
Performance 
Percentage: 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [where 
"Nth" means (specify)]: [(i.e., the lowest)]

--- Page 1524 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1498 
 
(repeat 
and complete 
this 
sub-paragraph as 
necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1525 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1499 
 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and complete this sub-paragraph as necessary) 
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Final 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Final 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1526 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1500 
 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with [⚫] highest 
(or [⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying) 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying) 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1527 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1501 
 
(Barrier 
Event): 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1528 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1502 
 
Event 
Satisfied): 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1529 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1503 
 
Event 
Satisfied): 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Final 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Final 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1530 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1504 
 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with [⚫] highest 
(or [⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying) 
 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out 
below: 
Final Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1531 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1505 
 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1532 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1506 
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1533 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1507 
 
Event 
Satisfied): 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Arithmetic 
Mean 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and complete this sub-paragraph as necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1534 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1508 
 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) 
Provisions: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Single Cap – 
Single 
Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor 
– 
Single 
Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Single Floor: [⚫]]] 
 
Single Cap – 
Multiple 
Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor 
– 
Multiple 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable:

--- Page 1535 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1509 
 
Valuation 
Date: 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single 
Target: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater than] [less 
than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Redemption Threshold 
Percentage: [⚫]% 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Redemption Performance 
Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Single Target Redemption (Barrier): [Barrier Event 
Satisfaction 
Required] 
[and] 
[Barrier 
Event 
Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single Target Underlying Redemption Performance 
(Barrier Event [Not] Satisfied) Percentage: [ ⚫]] 
(repeat if necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple Best 
Performing] 
 
 
[Oasis Final Underlying Performance Percentage: [⚫
]%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis – 
Multiple Best Performing applies: 
 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis 
Final 
Underlying 
Performance Percentage 
1 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[⚫]% 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[⚫]% 
 
(repeat for each Best Oasis Performer, as appropriate, 
up to Best Oasis Performer X) 
[X] 
Best Oasis Performer [X] 
[⚫]% 
 
(G) 
Cliquet: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and complete this sub-paragraph as necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)]  
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)]

--- Page 1536 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1510 
 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Product 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Sum 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance – 
Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Product 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance – 
Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Insert if Final Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Final Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, subject to 
a [Maximum Final Period Performance] [and] 
[Minimum Final Period Performance] [of [⚫]%] [and 
[⚫]%, respectively]. 
 
 
D is equal to [⚫].] 
 
 
C is equal to [⚫] per cent. 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1537 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1511 
 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Cliquet Final 
Performance 
Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet Final 
Performance Floor/Global Lock-in Floor]]  
[Insert the following if Cliquet Final Performance 
Floor applies: 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer: [Highest (or 
equal highest) [positive] integer] [Lowest (or equal 
lowest) [positive] integer] 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] [less 
than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Multiple: [⚫] [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] [less 
than or equal to] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [⚫] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: [⚫]]] 
 
XI. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) 
Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
[Cliquet A (Final)] [Cliquet B (Final)] [Cliquet C 
(Final)] [Cliquet A Absolute (Final)] [Cliquet B 
Absolute (Final)] [Cliquet C Absolute (Final)]

--- Page 1538 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1512 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B (Final) or Cliquet 
B Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest (Final) applies. 
 
 
"U" means [⚫]. 
 
 
 
Number of 
Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
[repeat 
rows 
for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest (Final) applies. 
Number of 
Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
[repeat 
rows 
for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C (Final) or Cliquet 
C Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] [less 
than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Redemption Target: [⚫] 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Redemption Decimal: [⚫]]. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Cap: [⚫] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Floor: [⚫]] 
 
(H) 
Himalaya 
Final 
Performance – Asian 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and complete this sub-paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1539 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1513 
 
Performance 
Percentage: 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Best 
of/Worst of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1540 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1514 
 
 
Provisions relating to levels of 
the Redemption Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Initial 
Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred][:] [and] 
[[I/i]n respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying]:] [Closing Level on Redemption Strike 
Date/Arithmetic 
Average 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Closing 
Level 
on 
Redemption Re-Strike Date FVD/Lowest Closing 
Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-day 
Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Highest Closing 
Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Highest Intra-day 
Level on Redemption Strike Dates/(specify (in table 
format, where appropriate) for each Redemption 
Underlying)]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Redemption Strike Dates will need to be included) 
 
 
(repeat this sub-paragraph, as necessary) 
 
[Redemption 
Initial 
Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Redemption 
Initial 
Floor Percentage: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Redemption 
Underlying(s)]:] [⚫]/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Final 
Reference 
Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of determining 
[whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] [[I/i]n 
respect of [insert relevant Redemption Underlying]:] 
[Closing Level on Final Valuation Date/Arithmetic 
Average 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Final 
Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Final Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Final Valuation 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Final Valuation 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Final Valuation 
Dates] 
 
 
(repeat this sub-paragraph, as necessary) 
 
(C) 
Redemption 
Strike 
Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred][and][the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [and] [the 
[Final Performance]/[⚫] in respect thereof] [and] [I/i]n 
respect of (insert relevant Redemption Underlying):] 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as necessary 
for each Redemption Underlying, each purpose of 
determining whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower]

--- Page 1541 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1515 
 
Barrier Event has occurred and/or each Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred and/or the 
determination of any [Final Performance]/[ ⚫] in 
respect thereof) [Redemption Initial Level/[ ⚫]/The 
Redemption 
Strike 
Level 
specified 
for 
each 
Redemption Underlying below: 
 
 
Redemption Underlying 
Redemption Strike Level 
[⚫] 
[Insert as appropriate - For 
the purpose of determining 
[whether 
a 
Redemption 
[Upper] 
[Lower] 
Barrier 
Event has occurred][and][the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption 
[Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred [and] [the 
[Final Performance]/[ ⚫] in 
respect thereof]:] 
[ ⚫] Redemption Initial 
Level] 
 
 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying, each relevant 
determination whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred and/or each Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred and/or the determination of any [Final Performance]/[⚫] 
in respect thereof)] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
a 
Redemption Barrier Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert if appropriate - In respect of [insert relevant 
Redemption 
Underlying]:] 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable – [Redemption Barrier Event 
European Observation/Redemption Barrier Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption Barrier Event American 
Observation – Closing Level/Redemption Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation 
– 
Intra-Day 
Level/Redemption Barrier Event American One-
Touch Observation – Closing Level/Redemption 
Barrier Event American One-Touch Observation – 
Intra-Day Level/Redemption Barrier Event Final 
Reference Level Observation]][Target Redemption 
Barrier Event and, for which purpose: 
 
 
Target Redemption Threshold Amount: (specify 
aggregate amount in respect of all Interest Payment 
Dates and a Calculation Amount) 
 
 
[Include/Exclude] Any Interest Amount Due on 
Maturity Date] 
[Include Any Non-Contingent Interest Amount: 
Applicable (delete if not applicable)]]

--- Page 1542 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1516 
 
 
 
["Sum of" applies] 
 
(B) 
Final Barrier Level: 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] [less 
than or equal to] [[ ⚫]%/Reset Final Barrier 
Level/Latest Reset Final Barrier Level] [greater than 
(or equal to)] [[⚫]%] [being the Lower Final Barrier 
Level] [being the Upper Final Barrier Level] [and] [or] 
[less than] [less than (or equal to)] [[⚫]%] [being the 
Upper Final Barrier Level] [being the Lower Final 
Barrier Level] [of [the [sum of the] Redemption Initial 
Level 
of 
the 
[relevant] 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying[s]/ [⚫] (specify, in table format, where 
appropriate, where different for different Redemption 
Barrier Underlyings)]] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Reset Final Barrier Level or 
Latest Reset Final Barrier Level:  
[Reset Final Barrier Level/Latest Reset Final Barrier 
Level]: Applicable 
FBL Reset Floor Level: [⚫] 
[FBL 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference 
Level] Applicable] 
[FBL 
Latest 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference 
Level] Applicable] 
[FBL Performance Product Base Level: [Redemption 
Initial 
Level 
of 
the 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)]/[Redemption Strike Level of the 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s)]/[⚫]] 
[Reset MER Underlying(s): [Insert if appropriate. In 
respect of [insert relevant MER Date and/or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event]:] [The 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/The Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s)/Each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying (subject to a minimum of [⚫] Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlyings)/Not Applicable]] 
(specify, in table format, where appropriate, where 
different 
for 
different 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlyings) 
(delete if not applicable)] 
 
Provisions relating to the 
redemption amount due or 
entitlement deliverable 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Provisions applicable where 
Redemption Barrier Event is 
Not 
Applicable 
and 
the 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
determined in accordance with the [[Put] [Call] [Call 
Spread – Put Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put

--- Page 1543 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1517 
 
Redemption Amount is a 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
Call Sum] Option] [Swaption] Provisions]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Provisions applicable where 
Redemption Barrier Event is 
Applicable 
 
 
(A) 
Provisions applicable 
to Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(N.B. If the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities, 
physical delivery of any Relevant Asset must be made 
in compliance with the provisions of the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended and the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended) 
 
I. 
Settlement 
via 
Intermediary
: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - For which purpose the 
Intermediary is [[The Calculation Agent] / [[ ⚫]] 
[Insert contact details for delivery of Asset Transfer 
Notice]]  
 
II. 
Failure 
to 
Deliver due 
to Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
7(a)(F) 
(Failure to 
Deliver due 
to 
Illiquidity)) 
 
 
III. 
Aggregation 
of 
Entitlements
: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Cash 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Tradeable Amount: [1/specify for each Relevant Asset] 
[Share] 
 
V. 
Entitlement 
Denominato
r: 
[Redemption Initial Level of the Entitlement 
Underlying]/[Redemption 
Strike 
Level 
of 
the 
Entitlement Underlying]/[⚫] 
(repeat this sub-paragraph in respect of each 
Entitlement Underlying, as necessary) 
 
VI. 
Entitlement 
Calculation 
Rounding 
Convention: 
[⚫] decimal places

--- Page 1544 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1518 
 
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
[Redemption Barrier Event [Final Performance FPU] 
[Underlying Closing Level] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than][less than or 
equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date[s] will be [⚫] [[each [any] Scheduled 
Trading Day [for all the Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Underlyings] which is not a Disrupted Day [for any 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Underlying] from [(and 
including)] [(but excluding)] [⚫] to [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [⚫]]. 
 
[Redemption Upper 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[ ⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Final 
Performance 
Underlying] 
[specify Underlying(s)] [Not Applicable]]  
(N.B.: 
Specify 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) as Not Applicable where Redemption 
Barrier Event Final Performance FPU applies)] 
 
(C) 
Redemption Amount 
due 
where 
no 
Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred 
and no Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event 
is specified: 
[Applicable - [⚫] per Security/the Performance Linked 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option] 
[Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable] [repeat as 
applicable] 
 
(D) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Percentage: 
[[⚫]%/ Not Applicable] 
[of the Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for the 
[relevant] 
[Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Underlying[s]][Final 
Performance 
Underlying[s]][Redemption Underlying[s]]] 
 
I. 
Upper 
Redemption 
Amount due 
where 
no 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred: 
[Applicable - [ ⚫] per Security/the Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
determined 
in 
accordance with the [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred and a 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event has occurred]] 
 
II. 
Lower 
Redemption 
Amount due 
where 
no 
Redemption 
Barrier 
[Applicable - [ ⚫] [per Security]/the Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
determined 
in 
accordance with the [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if a

--- Page 1545 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1519 
 
Event 
has 
occurred: 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred and a 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event has not occurred]] 
 
(E) 
Redemption Amount 
due 
where 
a 
Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred 
and no Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event 
is specified: 
[Applicable - [ ⚫] per Security/the Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
determined 
in 
accordance with [Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option Provisions] [Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery apply if a Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred and no Redemption Lower Barrier Event is 
specified][Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
[Redemption Lower Barrier Event Final Performance 
FPU]  
[Redemption Lower Barrier Event Underlying Closing 
Level]  
[Gemini Event 
The Gemini Mandatory Early Redemption Date[s] will 
be [⚫]. 
The Specified Gemini Event Valuation Date[s] will be 
[⚫] [[each] [any] Scheduled Trading Day [for all the 
Redemption [Lower] Barrier Underlyings] which is 
not a Disrupted Day [for any Redemption [Lower] 
Barrier Underlying] from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫] to [(and including)] [(but excluding)] 
[⚫]].] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than][less than or 
equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date[s] will be [⚫] [[each] [any] Scheduled 
Trading Day [for all the Redemption [Lower] Barrier 
Underlyings] which is not a Disrupted Day [for any 
Redemption [Lower] Barrier Underlying] from [(and 
including)] [(but excluding)] [⚫] to [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [⚫]]. 
 
[Redemption Lower 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[ ⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Final 
Performance 
Underlying] 
[specify Underlying(s)] [Not Applicable]]  
(N.B.: 
Specify 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) as Not Applicable where Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event Final Performance FPU 
applies)] 
 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier Percentage: 
[[⚫]%/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 1546 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1520 
 
[of the Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for the 
[relevant] 
[Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Underlying[s]][Final 
Performance 
Underlying[s]][Redemption Underlying[s]]] 
 
(G) 
Redemption Amount 
due 
where 
a 
Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred 
and a Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event 
is specified: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
I. 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred: 
[Applicable - [ ⚫] per Security/the Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
determined 
in 
accordance with [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event has occurred]] 
 
II. 
Non Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred: 
[Applicable - [ ⚫] [per Security]/the Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
determined 
in 
accordance with [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event has not occurred]] 
 
(H) 
Redemption Lock-in 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[Redemption Lock-in Event] 
[Redemption Lock-in Event –[Final Performance 
FPU] [Underlying Closing Level]] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than][less than or 
equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Lock-in Event Valuation 
Date[s] will be [⚫] [[each] [any] Scheduled Trading 
Day [for all the Redemption [Lock-in] Underlyings] 
which is not a Disrupted Day [for any Redemption 
[Lock-in] Underlying] from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫] to [(and including)] [(but excluding)] 
[⚫]]. 
 
Redemption Lock-in 
Underlying(s): 
[[ ⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption 
Underlying] [specify Underlying(s)]]

--- Page 1547 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1521 
 
 
Redemption Lock-in 
Percentage: 
[In respect of the Specified Redemption Lock-in Event 
Valuation Date falling on [ ⚫]:] [[ ⚫][%] [of the 
Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for [ ⚫] [the 
[relevant] 
[Redemption 
Lock-in 
Underlying[s]] 
[Redemption Underlying[s]] [Final Performance 
Underlying[s]]]]] (Specify for each Redemption Lock-
in Event Valuation Date if different) 
 
(I) 
Redemption Lock-in 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount due where a 
Redemption Lock-in 
Event has occurred 
Applicable - [⚫] per Security/the Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
[[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] [Lock-in] Option] 
[Swaption] Provisions 
 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Insert as appropriate: if 
a Redemption [[Upper] [Lower] Barrier] [Lock-in] 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Final 
Participation 
Rate ("FPR"): 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 1548 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1522 
 
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Insert as appropriate: if 
a Redemption [[Upper] [Lower] Barrier] [Lock-in] 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Final 
Participation 
Rate ("FPR"): 
[[⚫] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Call Spread - Put Spread 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Insert as appropriate: if 
a Redemption [[Upper] [Lower] Barrier] [Lock-in] 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Call Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
II. 
Put Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
III. 
Call Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Put Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]

--- Page 1549 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1523 
 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
"Final 
Participation 
Rate 
Call" 
(FPR 
Call): 
[[ ⚫]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
XII. 
"Final 
Participation 
Rate Put" (FPR Put): 
[[ ⚫]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]]  
 
XIII. 
Global Participation 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable]] 
 
XIV. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable]] 
 
Twin Win Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Insert as appropriate: if 
a Redemption [[Upper] [Lower] Barrier] [Lock-in] 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
II. 
Final 
Participation 
Rate ("FPR"): 
[[ ⚫]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1550 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1524 
 
 
Market Timer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Insert as appropriate: if 
a Redemption [[Upper] [Lower] Barrier] [Lock-in] 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)]  
 
I. 
Specified 
Market 
Timer 
Redemption 
Strike Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[ [⚫]] [[⚫] [and [⚫]] [[⚫] Scheduled 
Trading Days prior to [⚫]]/ Each Scheduled Trading 
Day for the relevant Redemption Underlying which is 
not a Disrupted Day for that Redemption Underlying 
from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [⚫] to [(and 
including)][(but excluding)] [⚫]] (where a different 
Specified Market Timer Redemption Strike Date 
applies for any Redemption Underlying, specify for 
each Redemption Underlying) 
 
II. 
Market 
Timer 
Redemption 
Initial 
Level: 
[Lowest Closing Level on Market Timer Redemption 
Strike Dates][Lowest Intra-day Level on Market 
Timer Redemption Strike Dates] (specify for each 
Redemption Underlying) 
 
III. 
Final 
Participation 
Rate ("FPR"): 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Market 
Timer Percentage: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Market 
Timer Percentage 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Put Call Sum 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Insert as appropriate: if 
a Redemption [[Upper] [Lower] Barrier] [Lock-in] 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)]  
 
I. 
Final 
Participation 
Rate ("FPR"): 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Put Call Sum Floor: 
[[⚫]%] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 1551 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1525 
 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Lock-in Option: 
[Applicable 
if 
a 
Redemption 
Lock-in 
Event 
occurs/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Final 
Participation 
Rate ("FPR"): 
[⚫] 
 
Swaption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Final 
Participation 
Rate ("FPR"): 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Annuity Factor: 
[+/-] [⚫] 
 
(C) 
Annuity Floor: 
[+/-] [⚫]% 
 
(D) 
t: 
[⚫] 
 
(E) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to Buy the 
Dip Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Initial 
Cash 
Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Initial 
Equity 
Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Trigger Event(i): 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] [less 
than or equal to]

--- Page 1552 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1526 
 
 
 
TABLE 
i 
Equity Allocation(i) 
Trigger Level(i) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
/[[ ⚫]% of the Initial 
Level of [the relevant 
Underlying] (specify 
where different for 
different 
Trigger 
Event(i), 
as 
applicable) 
(specify where relevant) 
 
(D) 
Cash 
Participation(Final) 
Date: 
[Observation Day(Final)]/[⚫] 
 
(E) 
Day Count Period 
Final End Date: 
[Observation Day(Final)]/[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Observation 
Day(Final): 
[The final Interest Valuation Date]/[Final Valuation 
Date]/[⚫] 
 
Redemption 
Underlying 
Valuation Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Averaging 
[Not Applicable]  
[Averaging 
[applies/does 
not 
apply] 
to 
the 
[Redemption Strike Dates/ Redemption Valuation 
Dates] [insert as appropriate - for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred]]  (Repeat as 
necessary) (Only applicable where "Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Redemption Strike Dates" is 
specified for Redemption Initial Level and/or 
"Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Final Valuation 
Dates" is specified for Final Reference Level) 
[In the event that a [Redemption Strike Date/ 
Redemption Valuation Date] is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission /Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply] 
 
(B) 
Valuation Disruption 
(Scheduled Trading 
Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable][The 
provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2(c)(i)) 
(Adjustments 
to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) [apply/do 
not apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2(c) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) do not apply to that Rate)

--- Page 1553 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1527 
 
 
(C) 
Valuation Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable/[ ⚫]] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2(d)(i) 
(Adjustments 
to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Closing Levels)) [apply/do not apply]]  
 
(D) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
Provisions relating to the 
Preference 
Share-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
respect of Preference Share 
Linked Securities 
[Applicable – The Securities are Preference Share 
Linked Securities] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Underlying: 
The Underlying 
 
(B) 
Specified 
Final 
Valuation Date: 
[ ⚫] Business Days following the Preference Share 
Valuation Date 
 
Split Payment Conditions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Security 
(Split 
Payment 
Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Fixed Rate Security 
(Split 
Payment 
Conditions) (CRE): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Fixed Rate Security 
(Split 
Payment 
Conditions) (EE): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
(Split 
Payment Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Override 
Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Redemption Amount 
(Split 
Payment 
Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
CRE 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
CRE 
Redemption 
Date: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
CRE Coupon: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(J) 
CRE: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1554 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1528 
 
[(if different, specify below the CRE applicable in 
respect of relevant Interest Payment Date(s), 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s), Redemption 
Date or other Payment Date(s)) 
[⚫]] 
 
(K) 
EE: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
[(if different, specify below the EE applicable in 
respect of relevant Interest Payment Date(s), 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s), Redemption 
Date or other Payment Date(s)) 
[⚫]] 
 
(L) 
CRE 
Adjusted 
Calculation Amount: 
[[ ⚫]/As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 11.5] 
 
(M) 
EE 
Adjusted 
Calculation Amount: 
[[ ⚫]/As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 11.5] 
 
(ii) 
DIR 
Inflation 
Linked 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
DIR Index: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Base Index Figure: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Index Month X: 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Index Month Y: 
[⚫] (NB. This should be equal to Index Month X minus 
one) 
 
(E) 
Margin: 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Redemption 
Participation Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
Lock-in 
Redemption 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(Only specify as applicable where "Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis" is specified as applicable above) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Lock-in Redemption 
Barrier: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Relevant 
Lock-in 
Percentage 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
(C) 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent.

--- Page 1555 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1529 
 
 
(D) 
Redemption 
Participation Rate: 
[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Lock-in Strike Level: 
[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[Specify Underlying] 
 
(B) 
Spread Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Redemption 
Rate 1: 
[Specify Underlying] 
 
II. 
Redemption 
Rate 2: 
[Specify Underlying] 
 
(C) 
Lev: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Margin: 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Interest Linked Redemption 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[See also [insert item number of relevant interest 
provision under item 14 above] for basis for 
determining the Actual Interest Amounts. 
 
(A) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Redemption 
Reserve 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1556 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1530 
 
(Specify applicable only if the Securities are also 
Reserve Coupon Securities. Where Reserve Coupon 
Securities Option 1 or Option 3 applies, specify 
applicable. Where Reserve Coupon Securities Option 
2 applies, applicable or not applicable may be 
specified. If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Relevant Redemption 
Option: 
Option [1]/[2]/[3] 
(To follow the election set out in item 14(xi)(B) above) 
 
(B) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Redemption by Instalments: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable 
[IA Adjusted Calculation Amount: [[ ⚫]/Not 
Applicable]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[⚫] [As set out below: 
 
 
Instalment Dates 
Instalment Amounts 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]] 
 
(B) 
Instalment 
Amount(s): 
[As set out above] [As set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
21. 
FX Provisions: 
[Applicable in respect of the [Interest Provisions 
[and][the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions 
[and][the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption 
Provisions]/Not Applicable] (repeat paragraph as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Quanto Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
FX: 
(specify rate for each relevant Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Compo FX Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Designated Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Cross Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1557 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1531 
 
 
(E) 
Cross 
Rate 
A 
Currency/Cross Rate 
B Currency: 
[[⚫] (Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (Cross Rate B 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units of [⚫] for 
which one unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
(F) 
Cross 
Rate 
I 
Designated Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(G) 
Cross 
Rate 
I 
Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(H) 
Cross 
Rate 
A 
Currency/Cross Rate 
C Currency: 
[[⚫] (Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (Cross Rate C 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units of [⚫] for 
which one unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
(I) 
Cross 
Rate 
II 
Designated Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(J) 
Cross 
Rate 
II 
Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
22. 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable and for which purpose the FX Perf Rate 
shall be [the Underlying designated as such in item 
12(ii) above/determined as set out below and in the 
definition of FX Performance in the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(repeat paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable or the FX Perf Rate is per item 13(ii), 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(i) 
FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B 
Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf A Currency) / [⚫] (FX Perf B Currency) 
[(expressed as the number of units of [⚫] for which one 
unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)]/Not Applicable as FX 
Perf Cross Rate applies] (If not applicable, delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(A) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Designated 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
FX Perf Designated 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
FX Perf Cross Rate: 
 
 
(A) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/ FX Perf 
Cross 
Rate 
B 
Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (FX Perf 
Cross Rate B Currency) [(expressed as the number of 
units of [ ⚫] for which one unit of [ ⚫] can be 
exchanged)] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/ FX Perf 
Cross 
Rate 
C 
Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (FX Perf 
Cross Rate C Currency) [(expressed as the number of 
units of [ ⚫] for which one unit of [ ⚫] can be 
exchanged)] 
 
(C) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(D) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Time: 
[⚫]

--- Page 1558 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1532 
 
 
(E) 
FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(F) 
FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
FX Perf Initial: 
[⚫] [As determined in accordance with the Conditions 
and the provisions hereof] 
 
(iv) 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[ ⚫] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, as required) [[last occurring] Specified 
[Interest][MER][Redemption] Strike Date (specify 
each as relevant where different dates apply)] 
 
(v) 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[ ⚫] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, as required) [[last occurring] Specified 
[Interest][MER][Final] Valuation Date (specify each 
as relevant where different dates apply)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
23. 
Credit Linked Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
2003 Reference Entity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Delete if "2014 
Reference Entity" is Applicable) 
 
(ii) 
2014 Reference Entity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Delete if "2003 
Reference Entity" is Applicable) 
 
(iii) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes][Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes][Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes][Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes][Index 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Portfolio 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes] 
[Local 
Access 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][The Credit Linked Notes are also Zero Coupon 
Notes] 
 
• 
[Type of credit linkage: 
[Credit Linked Principal]/[Credit Linked Interest]] 
(Only include if 'Single Name Credit Linked Notes' is 
applicable) 
(iv) 
[Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Method: 
[Auction 
Redemption][Cash 
Redemption][Physical 
Redemption][Fixed Recovery Redemption] 
• 
[Fallback 
Redemption 
Method: 
[Cash 
Redemption][Physical 
Redemption][Not 
Applicable]]] (Delete this row if not applicable. Only include 
for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
 
(v) 
[Risk 
Event 
Redemption 
Method: 
[LA Cash Redemption][LA Physical Redemption][LA 
Fixed Recovery Redemption]] (Delete this row if not 
applicable) 
(vi) 
[Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[0 per cent.][[⚫] per cent.][100 per cent.]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable)

--- Page 1559 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1533 
 
(vii) 
[Credit Payment following 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if not 
applicable. This will not be applicable for Credit Linked 
Interest Notes) 
(viii) 
[Credit Payment following 
Risk Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if not 
applicable) 
 
(ix) 
[Credit Payment on Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
[Funding Interest Rate: 
[ ⚫] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable)]] (Delete this row if not applicable. This will not 
be applicable for Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
(x) 
Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[[⚫] [type of days] prior to] [Trade Date]/[Issue Date]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(xi) 
No 
Interest 
Accrual 
on 
Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [[Not Applicable. The Notes 
are Zero Coupon Notes] (Specify for Zero Coupon Notes)] 
 
(xii) 
Zero 
Coupon 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (Only applicable for Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes and Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes which are also Zero Coupon Notes, where "2014 
Reference Entity" is specified to be Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Premium Accreted Amount: 
[Applicable][ - Calculation Agent Determination of 
Premium Amortised Face Amount/Single Rate 
Amortisation Yield applies, for which purpose "Linear 
Accretion" [applies/does not apply]]/Multiple Rate 
Amortisation Yield applies]]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
or 
"Calculation 
Agent 
Determination of Premium Amortised Face Amount" 
is specified above, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[PRP Percentage: 
[⚫]%] (Specify if the Premium Reference Price is to be 
determined by reference to an alternative to the Issue Price. 
Otherwise delete this line-item) 
 
• 
[Amortisation Yield 
[⚫] [per cent. per annum] [on a [non-]compounding basis]] 
(If "Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified above, 
insert the below table) 
 
 
[Amortisation Yield Table 
 
 
i 
Calculation Period 
Amortisation 
Yield 
 
 
 
Start Date 
End Date 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[specify date] 
[specify 
date] 
[⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as required)]

--- Page 1560 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1534 
 
 
• 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Premium Payable on Default 
[30/360]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[Actual/365]/ 
[Premium Actual/Actual (ICMA), for which purpose the 
Premium Determination Dates shall be [⚫] in each year]] 
 
• 
Zero Coupon Percentage: 
[⚫] (Specify a percentage equal to the Issue Price unless a 
different percentage is appropriate) 
 
• 
Zero 
Coupon 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[⚫] (This relates to the Maturity Redemption Amount per 
Note and should be expressed as a percentage) 
 
• 
Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount: 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Zero Coupon 
Amortised Face Amount applies/ Single Rate Amortisation 
Yield applies, for which purpose "Linear Accretion" 
[applies/does not apply]/Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield 
applies] 
(If "Calculation Agent Determination of Zero Coupon 
Amortised Face Amount" is specified above, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[ZCRP Percentage: 
[⚫]%] (Specify if the Zero Coupon Reference Price is to be 
determined by reference to an alternative to the Issue Price. 
Otherwise delete this line-item) 
 
• 
[Amortisation Yield: 
[⚫] [per cent. per annum] [on a [non-]compounding basis]] 
(If "Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified above, 
insert the below table) 
 
 
[Amortisation Yield Table 
 
 
i 
Calculation Period 
Amortisation 
Yield 
 
 
 
Start Date 
End Date 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[specify date] 
[specify 
date] 
[⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as required)] 
 
• 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount: 
[30/360]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[Actual/365]/ 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA), 
for 
which 
purpose 
the 
Determination Dates shall be [⚫] in each year]] 
 
(xiii) 
Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [[Not Applicable. The Notes 
are Zero Coupon Notes] (Specify for Zero Coupon 
Securities)] 
 
(xiv) 
Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the Interest Amount]/[⚫] 
as specified in item[s] [⚫] (cross refer to relevant interest

--- Page 1561 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1535 
 
provision above) above]/[Not Applicable] (Only specify 
applicable if 'Single Name Credit Linked Notes' is applicable 
and the Notes are Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
(xv) 
Non-Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the Interest Amount]/[⚫] 
as specified in item[s] [⚫] (cross refer to relevant interest 
provision above) above]/[Not Applicable] (Only specify 
applicable if 'Single Name Credit Linked Notes' is applicable 
and the Notes are Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
(xvi) 
Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
• 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(Specify relevant information about the Reference Entity in 
paragraph 14 of Part B below) 
• 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level] [Subordinated Level][Senior Non-Preferred 
Level] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where Applicable, specify Reference Obligation below if 
the fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation under 
paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference Obligation" is 
to apply) 
• 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including 
a 
short 
description thereof if the Reference Entity is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
 
 
Primary obligor: 
[⚫] 
 
 
ISIN: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Governing law: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Listed on the following 
stock 
exchanges 
/ 
Admitted to trading on 
the following markets 
[⚫] 
 
• 
[Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the

--- Page 1562 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1536 
 
Credit Event Redemption Method and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method and for Credit Linked Principal Notes, 
otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method and for Credit Linked Principal Notes, 
otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include for Credit Linked Principal 
Notes, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' and 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable and for Credit 
Linked Principal Notes, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
Final 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable and for Credit Linked Principal Notes, otherwise 
delete row) 
 
(xvii) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
• 
Reference 
Entities, 
Transaction 
Type 
and 
Seniority Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto 
• 
Nth Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
• 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][In respect of each Reference 
Entity, the obligation identified in respect of such Reference 
Entity in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where 
applicable] 
(Where applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) in the 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto if the fallback to a 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation under paragraph (c) of 
the definition of "Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each Reference 
Entity)

--- Page 1563 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1537 
 
 
• 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation identified 
in respect of such Reference Entity in Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable 
• 
[Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫]Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if Auction Redemption is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
• 
[Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' and 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete 
row) 
• 
[Final 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
(xviii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction Type, Reference 
Entity Weighting, Reference 
Obligations, Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount 
and 
Seniority Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto (Credit Linked 
Notes) 
• 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][In respect of each Reference 
Entity, the obligation identified in respect of such Reference 
Entity in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where 
applicable]

--- Page 1564 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1538 
 
(Where applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto if the fallback to a 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation under paragraph (c) of 
the definition of "Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each Reference 
Entity) 
 
• 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation identified 
in respect of such Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable 
 
• 
[Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
• 
[Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' and 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete 
row) 
• 
[Final 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xix) 
Index 
Untranched 
Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
• 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [⚫] Version] [Specify 
relevant CDX® index Series [⚫] Version] 
• 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify]

--- Page 1565 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1539 
 
• 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
• 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify] 
• 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify] 
 
• 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Reference Entity Weightings: 
As set out in the Index Annex with the Index Annex Date 
specified hereto 
• 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][In respect of each Reference 
Entity, as specified in the Index Annex with the Index Annex 
Date specified hereto, where applicable] 
– 
• 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation identified 
in respect of such Reference Entity in the Index Annex with 
the Index Annex Date specified hereto, where applicable 
• 
[Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
• 
[Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' and 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete 
row) 
 
• 
[Final 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xx) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 1566 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1540 
 
 
• 
Index: 
[[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series] Version [ ⚫]] 
[[Specify relevant CDX® index Series] Version [⚫]] 
 
• 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
 
• 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
 
• 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify] 
 
• 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Reference Entity Weightings: 
As set out in the Index Annex with the Index Annex Date 
specified above 
 
• 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][In respect of each Reference 
Entity, as specified in the Index Annex with the Index Annex 
Date specified hereto, where applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation, if any, 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the Index 
Annex with the Index Annex Date specified above 
 
• 
Attachment Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
• 
Exhaustion Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
• 
Tranche Size: 
[[⚫] per cent.] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[⚫]  [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Settled Entity Matrix: 
[Specify name and date of matrix] 
 
• 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Settled 
Entity 
Incurred 
Recovery Amount: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
[Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
Index Tranched Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
• 
[Index 
Tranched 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked

--- Page 1567 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1541 
 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on Maturity' 
is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
(xxi) 
Portfolio 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
– 
• 
Index: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
– 
• 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction Type, Reference 
Entity Weighting, Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and 
Seniority Level: 
[As set out in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto](Insert if 'Index' is applicable) 
[(Insert below table if 'Index' is not applicable) 
Reference 
Entity and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional  
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)] 
• 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][In respect of each Reference 
Entity, as specified in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto, where applicable] 
(Where Applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) in the 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto if the fallback to a 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation under paragraph (c) of 
the definition of "Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each Reference 
Entity) 
 
• 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation identified 
in respect of such Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable 
 
• 
Attachment Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
• 
Exhaustion Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
• 
Tranche Size: 
[ ⚫] per cent. (This is the Exhaustion Point minus the 
Attachment Point) 
 
• 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[⚫] (This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount, 
divided by (b) the Tranche Size) 
 
• 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio Size and 
(b) the Attachment Point)

--- Page 1568 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1542 
 
 
• 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio Size and 
(b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion Point) 
 
• 
[Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
• 
Portfolio 
Tranched 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
• 
[Portfolio 
Tranched 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on Maturity' 
is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xxii) 
Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Entity: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Asset(s): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference 
Assets 
Call/Maturity Date: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Assets Conditions 
Date: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference 
Assets 
Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Applicable Principal Currency 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[The aggregate principal amount of Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes outstanding] 
 
• 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Custodian: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable:  
[Inconvertibility Event]/ 
[Ownership Restriction Event]/

--- Page 1569 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1543 
 
[Settlement/Custodial Event]/ 
[Non-Viability Trigger Event]/ 
[Market Value Trigger Event – Market Value Trigger Level: 
[⚫] per cent. (Specify)]/ 
[Reference Assets Restructuring Event]]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Additional Risk Event Start 
Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date] 
 
• 
LA Interest Amount: 
[As specified in the Credit Linked Conditions] [⚫] 
[Interest Payment Date, 
in each case, subject as 
provided in the Credit 
Linked Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount: 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] 
divided by the applicable 
FX Rate 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] 
divided by the applicable 
FX Rate] 
 
• 
FX Forward Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
below sub-paragraphs) 
 
• 
[LCY: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference 
Assets 
Forward 
Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Assets FX Forward 
Notional: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Assets FX Forward 
Termination Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Tax 
Deduction 
Event 
– 
Interest:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Tax 
Deduction 
Event 
– 
Principal:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
[LA 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]  
 
• 
[LA 
Physical 
Redemption 
Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if Physical Redemption is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row)

--- Page 1570 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1544 
 
 
• 
[Final LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
• 
Tax 
Deduction 
Event 
– 
Interest:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Tax 
Deduction 
Event 
– 
Principal:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) 
Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Entities, 
Reference 
Assets, 
Reference 
Assets 
Call/Maturity 
Date, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount, 
Reference 
Assets 
Coupon 
Payment Date and 
Reference 
Assets 
Conditions Date: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto. 
 
• 
Reference 
Assets 
Only Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Applicable Principal 
Currency Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto][The aggregate principal amount of 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes outstanding] 
 
• 
Settlement Currency 
Principal Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
LCY 
Reference 
Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
LA 
Relevant 
Currency: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Custodian: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference 
Jurisdiction: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Additional 
Risk 
Event: 
[Applicable: 
[Inconvertibility Event] 
[Ownership Restriction Event]

--- Page 1571 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1545 
 
[Settlement/Custodial Event] 
[Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event – 
Reference Assets Trigger Level: [⚫] per cent. [Specify]] 
[Non-Viability Trigger Event] 
[Market Value Trigger Event – Market Value Trigger Level: 
[⚫] per cent. [Specify]] 
[Reference Assets Restructuring Event]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Additional Risk Event 
Start Date: 
[Trade Date][Issue Date] 
 
• 
LA Interest Amount: 
[As specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][⚫] 
 
 
[LA Interest Payment 
Date, in each case, 
subject as provided in 
the Credit Linked 
Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount: 
 
 
[⚫] 
[local currency amount] divided 
by the applicable FX Rate 
 
 
[⚫] 
[local currency amount] divided 
by the applicable FX Rate] 
 
• 
FX Forward Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
[LCY: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference 
Assets 
Forward 
Rate: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto 
 
• 
Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward 
Notional: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto] 
 
• 
Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward 
Termination 
Date: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto] 
 
• 
LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(Only include if 'LA Cash Redemption' is applicable) 
 
• 
LA Cash Redemption 
Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked

--- Page 1572 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1546 
 
Conditions] (Only include if 'LA Cash Redemption' is 
applicable) 
 
• 
LA 
Physical 
Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified in 
the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'LA Physical Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method) 
 
• 
[Final 
LA 
Cash 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Tax Deduction Event 
– Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Tax Deduction Event 
– Principal: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
Index Swaption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Administrator/ 
Benchmark 
Event 
(Limb (3)): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Eligible 
Swaption 
Index: 
[⚫] [(Specify Index name)] Series [⚫] Version [⚫] 
 
• 
Relevant Annex:  
[⚫] 
 
• 
Index Annex Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Index Sponsor:  
[⚫] 
 
• 
Index Publisher:  
[⚫] 
 
• 
Documentation Form: 
[[⚫] (Specify name of supplement, publisher and date of 
publication)] [incorporating the [ ⚫](Specify name of 
supplement, publisher and date of publication)] 
 
• 
Index Swaption Trade 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Effective Date:  
[⚫] 
 
• 
Index 
Swaption 
Expiration Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Index 
Swaption 
Settlement Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Swaption 
Original 
Notional Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Hypothetical 
Swap 
Counterparty: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited]/[⚫]

--- Page 1573 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1547 
 
 
• 
Strike Level: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Final Level: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Final Valuation Date:  
[⚫] 
 
• 
Swaption 
Interest 
Amount 
Payment 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Swaption 
FX 
Conversion 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[Index Swaption Cash 
Settlement Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Index Swaption Cash 
Settlement Spot Rate: 
[⚫]] 
 
(xxv) 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date: 
[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] [[⚫] Business Days 
following the later to occur of (a) any scheduled payment 
date or the (b) Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms: 
[Applicable: As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix), as amended pursuant to the relevant elections in this 
Part A (Contractual Terms)]46 [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
[Transaction Type: 
[⚫] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms 
are applicable)] 
 
(xxvii) [Physical Settlement Matrix 
Elections: 
Restructuring: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Monoline 
Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(Include where the Transaction Type is "Standard North 
American Corporate" otherwise delete) 
 
(xxviii) Credit Event[(s)]: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
• 
Default Requirement: 
[[ ⚫] or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Notice of Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
46  
Drafting Note: Include the corresponding election from the relevant Schedule in Appendix 2. If the applicable "Transaction Type" is (i) Standard 
North American Corporate, see Schedule 1, (ii) Standard European Corporate/Standard European Financial Corporate/Standard European CoCo 
Financial Corporate/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred Financial Corporate/Standard European Limited Recourse Corporate, see 
Schedule 2, (iii) Standard Subordinated European Insurance Corporate, see Schedule 3, (iv) Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN, see 
Schedule 4, (v) Standard Emerging European Corporate, see Schedule 5, (vi) Standard Latin America Corporate B, see Schedule 6, (vii) Standard 
Latin America Corporate BL, see Schedule 7, (viii) Standard Australia Corporate/Standard Australia Financial Corporate, see Schedule 8, (ix) 
Standard New Zealand Corporate/Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate, see Schedule 9, (x) Standard Japan Corporate/Standard Japan 
Financial Corporate, see Schedule 10, (xi) Standard Singapore Corporate/Standard Singapore Financial Corporate, see Schedule 11, (xii) 
Standard Asia Corporate/Standard Asia Financial Corporate, see Schedule 12, (xiii) Standard Western European Sovereign, see Schedule 13, 
(xiv) Standard Latin America Sovereign, see Schedule 14, (xv) Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign, see Schedule 15, 
(xvi) Standard Australia Sovereign, see Schedule 16, (xvii) Standard New Zealand Sovereign, see Schedule 17, (xviii) Standard Japan Sovereign, 
see Schedule 18, (xix) Standard Singapore Sovereign, see Schedule 19, (xx) Standard Asia Sovereign, see Schedule 20, (xxi) Standard U.S. 
Municipal Full Faith and Credit, see Schedule 21, (xxii) Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund, see Schedule 22 and (xxiii) Standard U.S. 
Municipal Revenue, see Schedule 23.

--- Page 1574 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1548 
 
 
(xxix) 
Obligations: 
 
 
• 
Obligation Category: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
• 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)]  
 
• 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] [As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
• 
All Guarantees: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable 
(xxx) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
• 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46/[[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
• 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
• 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] [As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
• 
All Guarantees: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxi) 
Financial Reference Entity 
Terms: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxii) Subordinated 
European 
Insurance Terms: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxiii) 2014 Sovereign No Asset 
Package Delivery Supplement 
to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions 
(September 15, 2014): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxiv) Monoline Supplement: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxv) LPN Additional Provisions: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxvi) Additional Provisions for the 
Hellenic Republic (May 29, 
2012): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)]

--- Page 1575 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1549 
 
 
(xxxvii) Additional Provisions for the 
Republic of Ukraine: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 
11, 2016): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxviii) 2020 Additional Provisions for 
the Republic of Ecuador: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligations (December 11, 
2020): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxix) 2020 Additional Provisions for 
the 
Argentine 
Republic: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligations (September 16, 
2020): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xl) 
Hungary 
Additional 
Provisions: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xli) 
Additional Provisions for the 
Russian Federation (August 
13, 2004): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xlii) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Certain Venezuelan Entities: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligations (September 19, 
2017): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xliii) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations 
(published on December 8, 
2017): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xliv) 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
• 
[Trigger Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
(xlv) 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
• 
Fallback Discounting: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
• 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)]

--- Page 1576 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1550 
 
 
(xlvi) 
2020 
Limited 
Recourse 
Additional 
Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xlvii) 
[2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal 
Reference Entity Supplement 
to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]46 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)]] (Include if "2003 
Reference Entity" is applicable) 
(xlviii) Single Notifying Party Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
(xlix) 
Movement Option: 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable 
Obligation Applicable] (Include where Mod R applies) 
[Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable] (Include 
where Mod Mod R applies) [Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable 
[as 
Fallback 
Redemption 
Method]][Not 
Applicable] (This will not be applicable to Credit Linked 
Interest Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
Number of Business Days:  
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions]] 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
[⚫] Business Days and each [⚫] Business Days thereafter. 
[Number of Valuation Dates: [⚫]]] 
 
• 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest][Market][Average 
Highest][Average 
Market][Lowest] 
 
• 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market] 
 
• 
Quotation Dealers: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued Interest][As 
per Credit Linked Condition 18(a)(ii)(III) (Determination of 
Final Price)] 
 
(li) 
Physical Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (This will not be applicable to 
Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[⚫] Business Days] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
[Include Accrued Interest: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
• 
Fallback Cash Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1577 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1551 
 
(lii) 
Partial 
Cash 
Redemption 
Terms/Fallback 
Cash 
Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (Only applicable for Physical 
Redemption and not applicable for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(liii) 
Redemption 
Following 
Merger: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable for Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
• 
Merger Redemption Amount: 
[[As specified in paragraph (a)(i) [or (b)(i)] (insert if the 
Notes may also be redeemed in part) of the definition of 
Merger Redemption Amount] /[Each Note's pro rata share 
of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to (i) the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes minus (ii) the Unwind Costs, if any]/ 
[[Subject as provided in the definition of Merger 
Redemption Amount, the] Early Termination Amount, 
being: [Fair Market Value] [Principal Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) [at maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with Holder Put Option] [Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option] [Best of Amount] [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate)] [[⚫] (Specify an amount only)] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
(liv) 
Settlement Currency: 
[Specify][As per the General Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
24. 
Index Skew Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1578 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1552 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Hypothetical 
Skew 
Transactions: 
(a) 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction; and 
(b) 
Hypothetical Single Name Set 
 
(ii) 
Index Skew Positions: 
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as applicable)] of 
credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction 
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as applicable)] of 
credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set 
 
(iii) 
Hypothetical 
Swap 
Counterparty: 
[Citibank, N.A. (Specify the relevant branch, where 
relevant)]/[Citigroup Global Markets Limited]/[⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Transaction 
General Terms: 
 
 
• 
Eligible Index: 
[[⚫] (Specify name and sponsor of Eligible Index)] Series [⚫] 
Version [⚫] [published by [⚫]] 
 
• 
Eligible Index Annex: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Eligible Index Annex Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Documentation Form: 
[[⚫] (Specify name of supplement, publisher and date of 
publication)] [incorporating the [ ⚫] (Specify name of 
supplement, publisher and date of publication)] 
 
• 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Effective Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Original Notional Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
Hypothetical 
Single 
Name 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
• 
Documentation Form: 
[Confirmation for use with Credit Derivatives Physical 
Settlement Matrix (version [⚫] – [[⚫] (Specify date of 
publication)] 
–  
2014 
Definitions 
Version] 
[and 
incorporating [[⚫] (Specify name of supplement, publisher 
and date of publication, if applicable)]] 
 
• 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Effective Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Matrix Publication Date: 
[Effective Date of the Eligible Index]/[⚫] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
25. 
Form of Securities: 
[Registered Securities

--- Page 1579 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1553 
 
 
 
 Regulation S Global Registered [insert in respect of 
Notes: Note] / [insert in respect of Certificates: 
Certificate] Security [(U.S.$[⚫] principal amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/[a common depositary for 
Euroclear France]/Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Security [(U.S.$[⚫] principal amount)] registered in 
the name of a nominee for [DTC/ a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg])]/Combined 
Global 
Registered Note Security [(U.S.$[⚫] principal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/[a common depositary for 
Euroclear France] 
 
 
[Swedish Securities - insert details (including details 
of the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent 
and the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
which apply to the Securities)]] 
 
 
[Finnish Securities – insert details (including details 
of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent]] 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Securities are French Law Securities, delete the above in its 
entirety and replace with the following: 
 
[Form of Securities: 
[French Bearer Securities (au porteur) / French 
Registered Securities in a registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif)]  
 
Representation of Securityholders / 
Masse: 
[Full Masse / Contractual Masse / Contractual 
Representation of Securityholders / No Masse ] 
(If "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is specified, 
specify the details of the initial Representative and the 
alternate 
Representative, 
if 
any, 
and 
their 
remuneration. Otherwise, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Name and address of the initial Representative: [⚫] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration] / 
[The Representative will receive a remuneration of [⚫
]]. 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [⚫] 
[The alternate Representative will receive no 
remuneration] / [The alternate Representative will 
receive a remuneration of [⚫]]. 
[As long as the French Law Securities are held by a 
single Securityholder such Securityholder will  
exercise directly the powers delegated to the 
Representative 
and 
General 
Meetings 
of 
Securityholders under the General Conditions. A 
Representative shall be appointed when the French

--- Page 1580 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1554 
 
Law Securities of a Series are held by more than one 
Securityholder.] 
 
Identification 
information 
of  
Securityholders in relation to French 
Law Securities (General Condition 2): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
26. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[No/Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies] [Not 
Applicable] 
27. 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of 
Business Day in General Condition 21 (Definitions)) 
28. 
Business Day Jurisdiction(s) or other 
special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment for the purposes of General Condition 8(g) 
(Payment Days)) 
29. 
Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 18 (Redenomination) apply] 
30. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions of General Condition 
14 (Further Issues) apply 
31. 
Substitution provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor) 
apply] 
 
(i) 
Additional Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
[Additional 
French 
Law 
Securities Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
32. 
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent: 
[Citibank, 
N.A./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited/Citigroup Global Markets Inc.] [(acting 
through its [⚫] department/group (or any successor 
department/group))] at [⚫]] 
33. 
[Determination Agent: 
[Calculation Agent] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify an entity other than the Calculation Agent 
where the Calculation Agent is the Fiscal Agent. If no 
Determination Agent is specified, the Determination 
Agent will be the Calculation Agent)]  
34. 
Determinations: 
 
 
(i) 
Standard: 
[Sole 
and 
Absolute 
Determination/Commercial 
Determination] 
(Specify 
"Commercial 
Determination" 
where 
"Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC)" is 
applicable) 
(Specify "Commercial Determination" where the 
Securities are French Law Securities or Italian Listed 
Notes)

--- Page 1581 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1555 
 
 
(ii) 
Minimum 
Amount 
Adjustment Prohibition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
35. 
Determinations and Exercise of 
Discretion (BEC): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
36. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in 
Belgium: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" only where Securities are 
distributed to consumers in Belgium) 
37. 
Additional provisions applicable to 
Securities traded on Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. trading venues: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Expiry 
Date 
(Data 
di 
Scadenza) (for the purposes of 
Sedex/EuroTLX): 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Record Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Trading Lot: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Applicable in respect of Securities to be admitted 
to trading on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. trading venues 
only. The Minimum Trading Lot is as determined by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) 
38. 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3)): Not 
Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If 
"Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark Event" is Applicable: 
Early 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount]/[[Other] (specify an amount 
only)]] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]]

--- Page 1582 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1556 
 
(Include where any Benchmark (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 3) is applicable in 
respect of the Securities)  
39. 
[Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
[Reference Rate(s): [As specified above]/[⚫]]   
[Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii)): Not Applicable] 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate(s): [ ⚫
]/[Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate Early Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[If "Reference Rate Early Redemption" is Applicable: 
Early 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount]/[[Other] (specify an amount 
only)] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]] 
(Include where any Reference Rate (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 10.1) is 
applicable in respect of the Securities)  
40. 
Other final terms: 
 
 
(i) 
Schedule A – Citigroup Inc. 
TLAC eligible Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Specify Applicable only where the Securities are 
issued by Citigroup Inc. and are intended to be TLAC 
eligible. Specify Not Applicable where the Securities 
are issued by Citigroup Inc. and are not intended to be 
TLAC eligible and for Securities issued by CGMHI or 
CGMFL) 
 
(ii) 
Indian 
Compliance 
Representations, 
Warranties 
and Undertakings: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
China 
Compliance 
Representations, 
Warranties 
and Undertakings: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1583 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1557 
 
 
(iv) 
Taiwan 
Compliance 
Representations, 
Warranties 
and Undertakings: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ..................................................................  
Duly authorised]47  
 
 
47 Above signature block to be deleted and this document should not be signed unless there is a specific requirement to do so for the particular trade.

--- Page 1584 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1558 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the [Tranche [⚫]] Securities to 
be admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of 
[the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/Euronext 
Dublin/Euronext Paris/the NASDAQ Stockholm 
AB/the 
Association 
of 
Financial 
Assets 
Intermediaries/the 
electronic 
"Bond 
Market" 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the 
"MOT")]/ 
[the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin] 
[the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [the multilateral trading facility of 
securitised 
derivatives 
financial 
instruments, 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the 
"SeDeX") / the multilateral trading facility of 
EuroTLX managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., [Cert-
X][Bond-X] 
Segment 
("EuroTLX 
– 
[Cert-
X][Bond-X]")]]/[the Open Market (Regulated 
Unofficial Market (Freiverkehr)) of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)]/[the 
multilateral trading facility of the Vienna MTF of 
the Vienna Stock Exchange]/[the multilateral 
trading facility of the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF of 
NASDAQ Stockholm AB]/[the multilateral trading 
facility of the International Securities Market of the 
London Stock Exchange plc]/[the multilateral 
trading facility of the SPECTRUM]  
[and to listing on [the official list of [Euronext 
Dublin/Euronext Paris/the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/the NASDAQ Stockholm AB/the Spanish 
Stock Exchange/the Italian Stock Exchange]] [the 
Open 
Market 
(Regulated 
Unofficial 
Market 
(Freiverkehr)) of the [Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse 
Frankfurt 
AG)]]/[the 
Vienna 
Stock 
Exchange] with effect from on or around [⚫] [of the 
Tranche [⚫] Securities]] [Not Applicable]  
(Where the Securities are listed and admitted to 
trading on more than one exchange, repeat as 
necessary) 
(N.B. The Vienna MTF, NASDAQ Stockholm MTF, 
the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market 
Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt AG), SeDeX, EuroTLX, the 
International Securities Market and SPECTRUM 
are not regulated markets for the purpose of MiFID 
II) 
 
 
[Tranche [⚫] of the Securities has been admitted to 
trading on [the Regulated Market of [Euronext 
Dublin/Euronext Paris/the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/the NASDAQ Stockholm AB/ the 
Association of Financial Assets Intermediaries/ the 
electronic "Bond Market" organised and managed

--- Page 1585 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1559 
 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "MOT")]/[the 
multilateral trading facility of securitised derivatives 
financial instruments, organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX") / the 
multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed by 
Borsa Italiana, S.p.A., [Cert-X][Bond-X] Segment 
("EuroTLX-[Cert-X][Bond-X")]]/[the 
Open 
Market (Regulated Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) 
of the [Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG)]] [the multilateral trading facility of the Vienna 
MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange]/ [the 
multilateral trading facility of the NASDAQ 
Stockholm MTF of NASDAQ Stockholm AB]/ [the 
multilateral trading facility of the International 
Securities Market of the London Stock Exchange]/ 
[the multilateral trading facility of the SPECTRUM] 
[and to listing on the official list of [Euronext 
Dublin/Euronext Paris/the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/the NASDAQ Stockholm AB/the Spanish 
Stock Exchange/the Italian Stock Exchange] [the 
Open 
Market 
(Regulated 
Unofficial 
Market 
Freiverkehr) of the [Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse 
Frankfurt 
AG)]]/[the 
Vienna 
Stock 
Exchange] with effect from [⚫]/[[⚫] of the Tranche 
[ ⚫] Securities]] (Where documenting a fungible 
issue, need to indicate that original Securities are 
already admitted to trading)  
(N.B. The Vienna MTF, NASDAQ Stockholm MTF, 
the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market 
Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt AG), SeDeX, EuroTLX, the 
International Securities Market and SPECTRUM 
are not regulated markets for the purpose of MiFID 
II)  
[Include if applicable: The effectiveness of the offer 
of the Securities is conditional upon such admission 
to trading occurring by the Issue Date. In the event 
that admission to trading of the Securities does not 
take place by the Issue Date for whatever reason, the 
Issuer will withdraw the offer, the offer will be 
deemed to be null and void and the relevant 
Securities will not be issued.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Securities are [not] rated. [The rating of the 
Securities is: 
 
 
(i) 
[S&P:  
[⚫]] 
 
 
(ii) 
[Moody's: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
[Fitch:  
[⚫]] 
 
 
(iv) 
[[Other]: 
[⚫]]

--- Page 1586 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1560 
 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). [As such [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with such 
Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the United Kingdom 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity] is included in 
the list of credit ratings agencies published by the 
Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and is not registered in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
such Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-United 
Kingdom credit rating agency entity] is not 
established in the United Kingdom and is not 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. [[Insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-UK credit rating agency entity] is therefore not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the Financial Conduct Authority on its 
website (https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). The ratings have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU-registered credit rating agency entity] in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. [Insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU-registered credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the European

--- Page 1587 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1561 
 
Union and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.[ As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation.]] The European Securities 
Markets Authority has indicated that ratings issued 
in [Japan/Australia/the USA/the UK/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South 
Africa (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU CRA entity that applied for registration] may be 
used in the European Union by the relevant market 
participants.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the United 
Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). The ratings have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant UK-registered 
credit rating agency entity] in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. [Insert the legal name of the 
relevant UK-registered credit rating agency entity] 
is established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.[ As such [insert the 
legal name of the relevant UK credit rating agency 
entity] is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the Financial Conduct Authority on its 
website (https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation.]] The 
Financial Conduct Authority has indicated that 
ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the USA/the 
EU/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South 
Africa (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
UK CRA entity that applied for registration] may be 
used in the United Kingdom by the relevant market 
participants.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") but it [is]/[has applied 
to be] certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not included

--- Page 1588 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1562 
 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation]. 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the United 
Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") but it [is]/[has applied to be] certified 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation] 
[[OR:] although notification of the corresponding 
certification decision has not yet been provided by 
the Financial Conduct Authority and [insert the legal 
name of the relevant non-UK credit rating agency 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the Financial Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation].] 
 
 
[[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the European Union and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended), although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency] is not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
such Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the United Kingdom and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA, although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the Financial Conduct Authority [and 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the Financial Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). However, the

--- Page 1589 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1563 
 
application for registration under the EU CRA 
Regulation of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration], which is established in the European 
Union, disclosed the intention to endorse credit 
ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant non-
EU credit rating agency entity][, although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority and [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non- UK 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"). However, the application 
for registration under the UK CRA Regulation of 
[insert the legal name of the relevant  UK credit 
rating agency entity that applied for registration], 
which is established in the United Kingdom, 
disclosed the intention to endorse credit ratings of 
[insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK credit 
rating agency entity][, although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the Financial Conduct Authority and 
[insert the legal name of the relevant UK credit 
rating agency entity] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation].] 
 
 
The European Securities Markets Authority has 
indicated that ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the 
USA/the 
UK/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/ 
Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South Africa (delete as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that 
applied for registration] may be used in the 
European 
Union 
by 
the 
relevant 
market 
participants.]] 
 
 
The Financial Conduct Authority has indicated that 
ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the USA/the 
EU/Canada/Hong 
Kong/ 
Singapore/Argentina/ 
Mexico/Brazil/South Africa (delete as appropriate)] 
which have been endorsed by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant UK CRA entity that applied for 
registration] may be used in the United Kingdom by 
the relevant market participants.]]]

--- Page 1590 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1564 
 
 
 
[If reference is made to the ratings of Citigroup Inc. 
then insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity and the status of its application 
under the EU CRA Regulation or UK CRA 
Regulation (as applicable)] 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Securities of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
[Save for any fees ([insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to [the Dealer[s]/the Distributors/[⚫
]]/Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions"]] [and/or 
any fee or other inducement paid to the distributor(s) (if any)] [give details], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Securities has an interest material to the Offer. [The 
[Dealers/Distributors] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor]48 [and the CGMFL Guarantor]49 and [its/their] affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)]] 
[Include any additional conflicts of interest] 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation) 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER/USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the Offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the section entitled  
["Description of Citigroup Inc."] ["Description of 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Holdings 
Inc."] 
["Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A."] in the Base Prospectus]/[ ⚫
]/[The 
Securities 
are 
[Green 
Bonds][Social 
Bonds][Social Finance Bonds]. [insert further 
particulars 
if 
different 
from 
"Investment 
Considerations" section]]] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" in the relevant part of 
Section F in Base Prospectus – if reasons for offer 
different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details) 
 
48 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
49 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1591 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1565 
 
(Where the Securities are Green Bonds, include 
further particulars, including a description of any 
Eligible Green Assets, where necessary) 
(Where the Securities are Social Bonds, include 
further particulars, including a description of the 
affordable housing assets, where necessary. 
Securities may only be Social Bonds if Citigroup Inc. 
or CGMHI is the Issuer) 
(Where the Securities are Social Finance Bonds, 
include further particulars, including a description 
of any Social Finance Assets, where necessary. 
Securities may only be Social Finance Bonds if 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI is the Issuer) 
 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds:] 
[⚫] 
(For retail securities, if proceeds are intended for 
more than one use will need to split out and present 
in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding)] 
 
(iii) 
[Estimated 
total 
expenses/ 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading]: 
[⚫] 
(For retail securities, estimated total expenses are 
required to be broken down into each principal 
intended "use" and presented in order of priority of 
such "uses") (For wholesale securities, provide an 
estimate of the total expenses related to the 
admission to trading)] 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Securities only) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[[Indication of yield/Unified Yield Rate]: 
[specify rate or range of rates] 
 
 
(specify Unified Yield Rate for Non-exempt Offers in 
the Republic of Hungary only)] 
6. 
INFORMATION ABOUT [THE PAST AND FUTURE PERFORMANCE AND 
VOLATILITY OF THE OR EACH UNDERLYING][AND][THE FLOATING RATE OF 
INTEREST] 
 
[Information about the past and future performance of the or each Underlying is electronically 
available [free of charge][at a charge] from [the applicable Electronic Page(s) specified for such 
Underlying in Part A above][⚫].] 
 
[Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Securities is 
electronically available [free of charge][at a charge] from the relevant [Electronic Page][Page][⚫
].] 
 
(Include details about where information about the past and future performance of the or each 
Underlying and its volatility can be obtained by electronic means, and whether or not it can be 
obtained free of charge.) 
 
(Where the Underlying is an index, include the name of the index, the index administrator and 
details of where the information about the index can be obtained.)

--- Page 1592 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1566 
 
 
(For Securities which are Physical Delivery Securities, the securities comprising the Entitlement 
may not be issued by Issuer or an entity belonging to the group of the Issuer and such securities 
must be admitted to trading on a regulated market) 
7. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears/does not appear] in the register of 
administrators established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation.] [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[[administrator legal name], as administrator of 
[specify benchmark], is not required to be registered 
by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation] [the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[administrator legal name] is not currently required 
to obtain recognition or endorsement or to benefit 
from an equivalence decision)]] (Repeat as 
necessary) 
8. 
DISCLAIMER 
 
 
[include disclaimer for indices] 
 
[Bloomberg® 
 
 
Certain information contained in this Final Terms consists of extracts from or summaries of 
information that is publicly-available from Bloomberg L.P. ("Bloomberg®"). The Issuer [and the 
CGMHI Guarantor] 50  [and the CGMFL Guarantor] 51  accept[s] responsibility for accurately 
reproducing such extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor are]52 
[and the CGMFL Guarantor are]53 [is] aware and are able to ascertain from such publicly-available 
information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. Bloomberg® makes no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, 
as to the accuracy of the reproduction of such information, and accepts no responsibility for the 
reproduction of such information or for the merits of an investment in the Securities. Bloomberg® 
does not arrange, sponsor, endorse, sell or promote the issue of the Securities.] 
 
[Insert for any SOFR rate: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse, or recommend any products 
or services offered by the Issuer.] 
[Insert where (i) information relating to SONIA is copied, published, distributed or transmitted; 
(ii) information relating to SONIA is adapted; or (iii) information relating to SONIA is exploited 
commercially or non-commercially in relation to SONIA: Contains public sector information 
licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0.] 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
 
50 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
51 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
52 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
53 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1593 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1567 
 
 
Common Code: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
CUSIP: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
WKN: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
Valoren: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]54, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code ]54, as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and DTC and 
the relevant identification number(s) and 
details relating to the relevant depositary, if 
applicable: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
references to the [Relevant Clearing System/[⚫]] 
shall be deemed to be references to such clearing 
system] 
[The Securities will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & International Limited ("CREST") 
via 
the 
CREST 
Depository 
Interest 
(CDI) 
mechanism.] 
 
 
[Euroclear 
Sweden 
AB]/[Euroclear 
Finland 
Oy]/[Euroclear France S.A.] 
 
 
[The Italian Listed Certificates will also be cleared 
indirectly through Euronext Securities Milan S.p.A. 
through its bridge account]  
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus/free of] payment 
 
Names and address of the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
Citibank Europe plc (Sweden Branch), Stockholm, 
Sweden]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and address of the Finnish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
[Nordea Bank Abp, Aleksis Kiven Katu 3-5, 
Helsinki, Finland]/[Not Applicable]  
 
Names and address of the French Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent (if any): 
[Citibank Europe plc, at 1 North Wall Quay, 
Dublin 1, Ireland]/[Not Applicable]  
 
[If no French Law Securities Registration Agent has been appointed, delete the following: 
 
Names and address of the French Law 
Securities Registration Agent (if any): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]  
 
54  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable it is correct.

--- Page 1594 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1568 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Securities are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, 
that is, held under the New Safekeeping Structure,] 
[Include this text for Registered Securities which are 
to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure or 
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Securities are capable of meeting them the 
Securities may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Securities will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[Not Applicable] 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses of the Lead Manager 
and the other Managers and 
underwriting commitments]: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments and statement of portion 
not covered] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
"best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers) 
 
(iii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable][⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
(vi) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[None] 
[[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount]

--- Page 1595 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1569 
 
[[⚫] per cent. per Security] 
[No commissions and concessions are payable by 
the Issuer to the Dealer. The [(specify type of fee or 
commission)] payable by the Dealer to any 
distributor [is]/[shall not exceed] [ ⚫] [of the 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount]/[per 
Security]. 
Investors can obtain more information about the fee 
by contacting the Dealer at the address set out 
herein]  
[[Up to] [⚫] per cent. [of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/[per Security] which comprises the 
(specify type of fee or commission) payable to the 
[Authorised Offeror] [ ⚫].] [The Authorised 
Offeror(s) will receive a distribution fee in respect 
of each outstanding Security equal to [(i)] [⚫] per 
cent. of [the relevant Interest Amount] [ ⚫] 
[AND/OR] [(ii) [⚫] per cent. of [the MER Amount 
[(plus the MER Coupon (if any))] minus the 
Calculation Amount] [⚫]] [OR] [(ii[i]) [⚫] per cent. 
of [the Upper Redemption Amount due where no 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred minus the 
Calculation Amount] [⚫]], in each case, on the date 
on which the relevant amount is paid to the holders.] 
Investors can obtain more information about this fee 
by contacting the relevant [Authorised Offeror] [⚫] 
[or the Dealer] at the relevant address(es) set out 
herein. [It is anticipated that the exact amount of the 
(specify type of fee or commission) will be published 
by the Issuer on [the website of Euronext Dublin][⚫
] (specify where the Securities are not listed on 
Euronext Dublin)] on or around [⚫].]]   
[In addition to (specify any relevant offer price), the 
[Authorised Offeror] may charge investors in [⚫] a 
(specify type of fee or commission) of [up to] [⚫] per 
cent. [of the Aggregate Principal Amount]/[per 
Security]. Investors can obtain more information 
about this fee by contacting the [Authorised Offeror] 
at the address(es) set out herein]] 
(Specify other applicable fee arrangements) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland: 
[Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of the 
Securities during [the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat as 
necessary)]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer [(The [⚫]"Offer")] of the 
Securities may be made by [the Dealer(s)] [and] [⚫
]] (the [⚫]"Initial Authorised Offeror(s)") other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation [[and] any additional 
financial intermediaries who have or obtain the 
Issuer's consent to use the Base Prospectus and this 
Final Terms in connection with the Non-exempt 
Offer and who are identified on the Issuer's website 
at [www.[⚫]] as an Authorised Offeror] (together, 
being persons to whom the issuer has given consent, 
the [ ⚫] "Authorised Offeror(s)") other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU

--- Page 1596 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1570 
 
Prospectus Regulation [and [⚫]] in [⚫] during the 
period from [⚫] until [⚫] (the [⚫] "Offer Period") 
[during [⚫] (specify any particular times on those 
days)]. 
 
 
[Securities placed through door-to-door selling 
pursuant to Article 30 of the Financial Services Act 
will be offered during the Offer Period. Pursuant to 
article 30, paragraph 6, of the Legislative Decree 24 
February 1998, no. 58, as subsequently amended 
(the "Financial Services Act"), the validity and 
enforceability of the contracts entered into through 
door-to-door selling is suspended for a period of 
seven days after the investors' signature of the same. 
Within such period investors may communicate 
their withdrawal to the relevant [ ⚫] Authorised 
Offeror without any charge or commission] (insert 
where the Securities are offered in Italy and 
relevant) 
 
 
(specify for each jurisdiction in which a Non-exempt 
Offer is being undertaken and include details of 
terms relating to lengthening and/or shortening of 
offer period) 
 
 
Offers (if any) in any Member State other than the 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) will only be made 
pursuant to an exemption from the obligation under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation to publish a 
prospectus 
 
 
["Authorised Offeror(s)" means [⚫] [and [⚫]].] 
 
 
["Initial Authorised Offeror(s)" means [⚫] [and [⚫
]].] 
 
 
"Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)" means [Austria / 
Belgium / Bulgaria / Cyprus / Denmark / Finland / 
The Netherlands / France / Germany / Greece / 
Hungary / Ireland / Italy / Luxembourg / Norway / 
Poland / Portugal / Romania / Slovakia / Spain / 
Sweden / the Czech Republic] 
 
 
See further paragraph [11] below. 
 
(ix) 
[General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
[Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other conditions to 
which the consent given is subject]. 
 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make the 
Offer. No such offer should be made in any relevant 
jurisdiction until those requirements have been met. 
Offers may only be made into jurisdictions in which 
the base prospectus (and any supplement) has been 
notified/passported.)] 
 
(xi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable [, other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities in [specify 
jurisdiction(s) for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being

--- Page 1597 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1571 
 
prepared] [during the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat as 
necessary)]] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the relevant 
specified jurisdiction(s) for the relevant specified 
period(s), "Applicable" should be specified and 
details provided accordingly) 
 
(xii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
Not Applicable/Applicable [during the period[s] [⚫
]-[⚫] (repeat as necessary)]] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the relevant 
specified jurisdiction(s) for the relevant specified 
period(s), "Applicable" should be specified and 
details provided accordingly) 
 
(xiii) 
Swiss Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders 
of this paragraph 10) 
 
(xiv) 
[Swiss Offer Period: 
From (and including) [⚫] until (and including) [⚫] 
[during [⚫] (specify any particular times on those 
days)]] 
 
(xv) 
[Withdrawal right according to 
Article 
63(5) 
of 
the 
Swiss 
Financial 
Services 
Ordinance 
(FinSO): 
[Applicable. If an obligation to prepare a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus according to Article 56(1) 
FinSA is triggered during the Swiss Offer Period, 
investors who have already subscribed or agreed to 
purchase or subscribe for Securities before any such 
supplement to the Base Prospectus is published have 
the right to withdraw their subscriptions and 
acceptances within a period of two days from the 
publication of such supplement regardless of 
whether the Swiss Offer Period closes prior to the 
expiry of such two day period.] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
(xvi) 
[Financial intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus for Swiss Non-exempt 
Offers: 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries receiving consent (specific consent)] 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base 
Prospectus during the Swiss Offer Period by the 
financial intermediary(ies) with whom the Issuer has 
a contractual relationship in respect of the offer of 
the Securities.]] 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  
 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 10(viii) above is specified to be Not Applicable) 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][⚫]

--- Page 1598 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1572 
 
 
Conditions to which the Offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[The offer of the Securities is conditional upon their 
issue.] 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Securities: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Name(s), 
address(es), 
legal 
entity 
identifier, domicile, legal form and law and 
country of incorporation to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place. 
[None/give details] 
12. 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
 
General: [For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the Securities as 
[debt/fixed- rate debt/fixed-rate debt issued with OID/contingent payment debt instruments, [for 
which purpose, the comparable yield relating to the Securities will be [⚫]% compounded [semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] and the projected payment schedule with respect to a Security consists 
of the following payments: [⚫] /for which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment 
schedule are available by contacting [⚫] at [⚫]]/variable rate debt instruments/variable rate debt 
instruments issued with OID/foreign currency Securities/foreign currency Securities issued with 
OID/foreign currency contingent payment debt instruments, [for which purpose, the comparable 
yield relating to the Securities will be [⚫]% compounded [semi- annually/quarterly/monthly] and 
the projected payment schedule with respect to a Security consists of the following payments: [⚫] 
/for which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule are available by 
contacting [⚫] at [⚫]]/short-term Securities/prepaid forward contracts or options/prepaid forward 
contracts or options with associated periodic payments/a put and a deposit, for which purpose, the 
Issuer will treat [⚫]% of each coupon on a Security as interest on the deposit and [⚫]% as put 
premium/[specify other]]. [The Securities are Non-U.S. Securities].

--- Page 1599 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1573 
 
 
Section 871(m) 
 
(Use this paragraph if the Section 871(m) determinations are final.) [The Issuer has determined 
that the Securities are Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial 
equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for additional 
information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to calculate the 
amounts of dividend equivalents for the Securities.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities 
are Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2027 and (ii) the Securities 
have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one 
or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Securities are 
not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one 
or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities and, therefore, that the Securities are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined 
that the Securities are not Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial 
equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities 
are not Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2027 and (ii) the 
Securities do not have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities are not 
Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m).] 
 
(Use this paragraph instead if the Section 871(m) determinations are indicative and will be 
updated at issuance.) [The following is based on information available as of the date of these Final 
Terms. [The Issuer would treat the Securities as Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or 
the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for 
additional information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to calculate 
the amounts of dividend equivalents for the Securities.]/[The Issuer would treat the Securities as 
Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2027 and (ii) the Securities 
have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because the 
underlying asset(s) consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because the underlying 
asset(s) consist solely of one or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified 
Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified 
ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table 
below.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for 
the Securities is prior to 2027 and (ii) the Securities do not have a "delta" of one.] This information 
is indicative and will be updated based on circumstances at the time the Securities are issued. 
Please [contact []]/[review the amended Final Terms] for further information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Securities.] 
 
[The Securities are Specified Current Payment Securities./The Securities are Specified Net Total 
Return Securities.] 
 
(Include table below if (i) the Securities are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the Securities are not Specified 
ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test.) 
 
 
Underlying 
Asset 
Underlying 
Securities 
(Y/N) 
Qualified 
Index/ 
Qualified 
Index 
Security 
(Y/N) 
Simple 
Contract 
(Y/N) 
Delta (if 
Simple 
Contract) 
Substantial 
Equivalence 
Test (if not a 
Simple 
Contract) 
Number of 
Shares 
Multiplied 
by Delta (if 
Simple 
Contract) 
Initial 
Hedge (if 
applicable) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13. 
[EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS AFFECTED 
BY THE VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S) 
 
THE SCENARIO[S] AND FIGURES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE 
PURPOSES ONLY. THE EXAMPLE[S] SHOWN BELOW MAY NOT HAVE AN EQUAL 
LIKELIHOOD OF OCCURRENCE. THE [INTEREST AMOUNT[S]] [AND] [EARLY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND] REDEMPTION AMOUNT IN RESPECT OF EACH 
SECURITY WILL BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF THE 
SECURITIES AS SET OUT IN THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES" IN

--- Page 1600 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1574 
 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE FINAL TERMS IN PART A ABOVE. THE ISSUER[, 
GUARANTOR] AND DEALER MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT ANY OF THE 
SCENARIOS PROVIDED BELOW WILL OCCUR. 
 
[include examples of complex derivatives securities (if appropriate) to provide a clear and 
comprehensive explanation to help investors understand how the value of their investment is 
affected by the value of the Underlying(s)] 
[include additional provisions, not required by the relevant securities note annex, which relate to 
the Underlying(s), per Annex 28 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980]]  
 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable) 
14. 
[CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION (Credit Linked Notes only) 
 
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [[Non-] Standard Reference 
Obligation][Reference Assets] (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, where no Reference Obligation or Reference Entity represents 
20% or more of the basket or index of Reference Entities set out in a table (a) the names of the 
reference entities and (if different) issuers of the Reference Obligation; and (b) the ISIN of the 
Reference Obligation.  In respect of all other Credit Linked Notes insert: 
 
Name: 
[⚫] 
 
Address: 
[⚫] 
 
Country of incorporation: 
[⚫] 
 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[ ⚫] (For example financials, energy, 
insurance, 
manufacturing, 
construction, 
transport, media determined on the basis of 
available information on the Reference Entity) 
 
Market[(s)] on which securities are admitted to 
trading: 
[⚫] 
 
[[Non-] 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation][Reference Assets] securities code: 
[⚫] 
 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and repeated for each Reference 
Entity. Country of incorporation, industry and address will be N/A for a Sovereign Reference Entity 
and securities code (e.g. ISIN/CUSIP) will be N/A if there is no Reference Obligation/Reference 
Asset or it has no securities code. Note permissible markets for a Reference Entity's securities to 
be admitted to trading on are regulated markets, equivalent third country markets and SME 
Growth Markets. Include reference to Reference Assets above as appropriate for Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes.) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any web-site 
of such Reference Entity]. 
(Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)]

--- Page 1601 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1575 
 
[SCHEDULE [1] TO FINAL TERMS] 
(Insert as a Schedule to the Final Terms as required) 
(Insert if Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, Reference Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2)  
is different for each Interest Period) 
[Reference Observation Table] 
Reference Observation [1] [2] [3]* 
Reference Rate [1[s]] 
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate 1) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate Option/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate 
(including Designated Maturity, 
if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]1 [Reset 
Date][Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]2 
[Specified 
Time/ 
Relevant 
Time]3 
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period End 
Date/Termination 
Date] adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored ISDA 
Amount] [Business 
Day (for the 
purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions)] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] [in each 
year] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day Convention]/No 
Adjustment]] 
(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) (Business Day 
Convention)) 
[Insert details] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[[2006] 
[2021] 
Definitions] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] [⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Reference Rate 1s] 
 
*  
Insert additional rows for Reference Observation 2 and/or Reference Observation 3 if different for each Interest Period 
1  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
2  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
3  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1602 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1576 
 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate Option/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate 
(including Designated Maturity, 
if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]4 [Reset 
Date] [Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]5 
[Specified 
Time/Relev
ant Time]6 
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period End 
Date/Termination 
Date] adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored ISDA 
Amount] [Business 
Day (for the 
purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions)] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[Reference Rate 2[s]] 
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate 1) 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate Option/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate 
(including Designated Maturity, 
if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]7 [Reset 
Date] [Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]8 
[Specified 
Time/Relev
ant Time]9 
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period End 
Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored ISDA 
Amount] [Business 
Day (for the 
purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions)] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[Reference Rate 2[s]] 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate Option/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate 
(including Designated Maturity, 
if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]10 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]11 
[Specified 
Time/ 
Relevant 
Time]12 
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period End 
Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored ISDA 
Amount] [Business 
Day (for the 
purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions)] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
 
 
4  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
5  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
6  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
7  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
8  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
9  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
10  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
11  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
12  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1603 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1577 
 
(Insert if Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is different for each Mandatory Early Redemption Date) 
[Rollerball Reference Determination Table] 
[Rollerball Reference Observation] [Rollerball Barrier]* 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Specified 
Fixed 
Rate/Referen
ce 
Rate/Floatin
g Rate 
Option/Rele
vant Swap 
Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]13   
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determinatio
n Date(s)]14 
[Specified 
Time/Releva
nt Time]15  
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Effective 
Date] 
[Termination 
Date] 
[Period End 
Date/Termin
ation Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored 
ISDA Rate] 
[Business 
Day (for the 
purposes of 
the ISDA 
Definitions)] 
[Compoundi
ng/ 
Averaging] 
[Index 
provisions] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation
] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] 
[in 
each 
year] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/
No 
Adjustment]] 
(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention)) 
[insert 
details] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[2006 ISDA 
Definitions/ 
2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Interest 
Commencem
ent Date]/ [⚫
] 
[Last 
occurring 
Interest 
Period End 
Date]/ [⚫] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
applicable, 
insert the 
Compoundin
g/Averaging 
Table below) 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
applicable, 
insert the 
Index 
provision 
table below) 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
*  
Insert additional rows for Rollerball Barrier if different for each Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
13  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
14  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
15  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1604 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1578 
 
[ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE SECURITIES 
(insert completed Summary for the Securities where the denomination of the Securities is less than 
EUR100,000)]

--- Page 1605 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1579 
 
APPENDIX 1 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(a) 
N-th to Default Basket Credit Linked Notes – Appendix 1 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
[As per the Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
[As per the Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(b) 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
Reference 
Entity 
and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign, 
where 
applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] [As per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
[⚫] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] [As per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]

--- Page 1606 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1580 
 
sovereign, 
where 
applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(c) 
[Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ]/[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] [As per the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] [As per the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(d) 
[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Settled Entity Matrix  
The table below reflects data from the Settled Entity Matrix as at Index Annex Date. 
Settled Entity: 
Weighted Average Final 
Price: 
Weighting: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1607 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1581 
 
 
 
[Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes] 
Reference 
Entity: 
Reference 
Assets: 
Reference 
Assets 
Call/Maturity 
Date: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Reference 
Assets 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date: 
Reference 
Assets 
Conditions 
Date: 
Settlement 
Currency 
Principal 
Amount: 
LCY 
Reference 
Amount: 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫]] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if 
the 
Reference 
Entity is not 
a sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non-
Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
Reference Assets 
Forward Rate: 
Reference Assets FX 
Forward Notional: 
Reference Assets FX 
Forward Termination 
Date: 
 
 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1608 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1582 
 
APPENDIX 2 – PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT MATRIX

--- Page 1609 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1583 
 
SCHEDULE [1]70  
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN CORPORATE71  
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN 
CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring, if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
• 
Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable unless otherwise specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
70  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
71  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard North American Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 1 in its entirety.

--- Page 1610 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1584 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN 
CORPORATE 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1611 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1585 
 
SCHEDULE [2]72  
[STANDARD EUROPEAN CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]73 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]74 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Mod Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
 
72  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
73  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is any of (i) "Standard European Corporate", (ii) "Standard European Financial 
Corporate", (iii) "Standard European CoCo Financial Corporate", (iv) "Standard European Senior Non Preferred Financial Corporate" 
or (v) "Standard European Limited Recourse Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 2 in its entirety. 
74  
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1612 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1586 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]74 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is "Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial 
Corporate" 
or 
"European CoCo Financial Corporate", otherwise 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is "Standard 
European Senior Non Preferred Financial 
Corporate" or "European Senior Non Preferred 
Financial Corporate", otherwise Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable.

--- Page 1613 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1587 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]74 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is "Standard 
European Limited Recourse Corporate" or 
"European 
Limited 
Recourse 
Corporate", 
otherwise Not Applicable.

--- Page 1614 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1588 
 
SCHEDULE [3]75  
STANDARD SUBORDINATED EUROPEAN INSURANCE CORPORATE76  
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED EUROPEAN 
INSURANCE CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
75  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
76  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Subordinated European Insurance Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 
3 in its entirety.

--- Page 1615 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1589 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED EUROPEAN 
INSURANCE CORPORATE 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1616 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1590 
 
SCHEDULE [4]77 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN CORPORATE LPN78 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE LPN 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
(a) 
Not Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Bonds". 
(b) 
Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Loans". 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Not Domestic Law. 
 
77  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
78  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN", otherwise delete this Schedule 4 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 1617 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1591 
 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1618 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1592 
 
SCHEDULE [5]79  
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN CORPORATE 80 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
(a) 
Not Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Bonds". 
(b) 
Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Loans". 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Not Domestic Law. 
 
79  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
80  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Emerging European Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 5 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 1619 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1593 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1620 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1594 
 
SCHEDULE [6]81  
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE B82  
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE B 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
81  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
82  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Latin America Corporate B", otherwise delete this Schedule 6 in its entirety.

--- Page 1621 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1595 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE B 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1622 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1596 
 
SCHEDULE [7]83  
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE BL84  
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE 
BL 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
83  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
84  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Latin America Corporate BL", otherwise delete this Schedule 7 in its entirety.

--- Page 1623 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1597 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE 
BL 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1624 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1598 
 
SCHEDULE [8]85  
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]86  
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]87 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
 
85  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
86  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Australia Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Australia Financial Corporate", 
otherwise delete this Schedule 8 in its entirety. 
87  
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1625 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1599 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]87 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1626 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1600 
 
SCHEDULE [9]88  
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]89  
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW 
ZEALAND FINANCIAL CORPORATE]90 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
 
88  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
89  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard New Zealand Corporate" or (ii) "Standard New Zealand Financial 
Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 9 in its entirety. 
90  
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1627 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1601 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW 
ZEALAND FINANCIAL CORPORATE]90 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federations (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1628 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1602 
 
SCHEDULE [10]91  
[STANDARD JAPAN CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN FINANCIAL CORPORATE]92 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN  
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]93 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Payment Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, JPY 100,000,000 or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of 
the occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. In all other cases, USD 1,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation 
Currency 
as 
of 
the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable 
• 
Default Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, 
JPY 
1,000,000,000 
or 
its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event. In all other cases, 
USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
 
91  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
92  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Japan Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Japan Financial Corporate", otherwise 
delete this Schedule 10 in its entirety. 
93  
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1629 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1603 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN  
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]93 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1630 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1604 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN  
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]93 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1631 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1605 
 
SCHEDULE [11]94  
[STANDARD SINGAPORE CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]95  
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]96 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
 
94  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
95  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Singapore Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Singapore Financial Corporate", 
otherwise delete this Schedule 11 in its entirety. 
96  
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1632 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1606 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]96 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable

--- Page 1633 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1607 
 
SCHEDULE [12]97  
[STANDARD ASIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD ASIA FINANCIAL CORPORATE]98 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD ASIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD ASIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]99 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
 
97  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
98  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Asia Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Asia Financial Corporate", otherwise 
delete this Schedule 12 in its entirety. 
99  
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1634 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1608 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD ASIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD ASIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]99 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1635 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1609 
 
SCHEDULE [13]100 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN SOVEREIGN101  
Transaction Type 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN 
SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay.  
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
100  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
101  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Western European Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 13 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 1636 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1610 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN 
SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Hellenic 
Republic, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1637 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1611 
 
SCHEDULE [14]102  
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA SOVEREIGN103 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring 
• 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable if the Reference Entity is the 
Republic of Argentina or the Republic of 
Ecuador, otherwise Applicable. 
 
102  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
103  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Latin America Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 14 in its entirety.

--- Page 1638 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1612 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
SOVEREIGN 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Ecuador, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the 
Argentine Republic, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1639 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1613 
 
SCHEDULE [15]104  
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN105 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & 
MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable if the Reference Entity is the 
Republic of Ukraine, otherwise Applicable. 
 
104  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
105  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign", otherwise delete this 
Schedule 15 in its entirety.

--- Page 1640 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1614 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & 
MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Ukraine, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Hungary, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Russian 
Federation, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1641 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1615 
 
SCHEDULE [16]106  
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN107 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
106  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
107  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Australia Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 16 in its entirety.

--- Page 1642 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1616 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1643 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1617 
 
SCHEDULE [17]108  
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN109 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
108  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
109  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard New Zealand Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 17 in its entirety.

--- Page 1644 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1618 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1645 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1619 
 
SCHEDULE [18]110  
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN111 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Payment Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, JPY 100,000,000 or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of 
the occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. In all other cases, USD 1,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation 
Currency 
as 
of 
the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
• 
Default Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, 
JPY 
1,000,000,000 
or 
its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event. In all other cases, 
USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
 
110  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
111  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Japan Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 18 in its entirety.

--- Page 1646 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1620 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1647 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1621 
 
SCHEDULE [19]112  
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN113 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Specified Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
112  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
113  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Singapore Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 19 in its entirety.

--- Page 1648 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1622 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1649 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1623 
 
SCHEDULE [20]114  
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN115 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
 
114  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
115  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Asia Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 20 in its entirety.

--- Page 1650 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1624 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1651 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1625 
 
SCHEDULE [21]116  
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL FAITH AND CREDIT117 
Transaction Type  
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL 
FAITH AND CREDIT 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency 
– 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
116  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
117  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit", otherwise delete this Schedule 21 in 
its entirety.

--- Page 1652 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1626 
 
Transaction Type  
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL 
FAITH AND CREDIT 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 1653 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1627 
 
SCHEDULE [22]118  
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL FUND119 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL 
FUND 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
General Fund Obligation Liability. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency 
– 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
General Fund Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
118  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
119  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund", otherwise delete this Schedule 22 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 1654 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1628 
 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 1655 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1629 
 
SCHEDULE [23]120  
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE121 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency 
– 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
Revenue Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
120  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
121  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard U.S. Municipal Revenue", otherwise delete this Schedule 23 in its entirety.

--- Page 1656 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1630 
 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 1657 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1631 
 
APPENDIX 3 – INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference 
Entity: 
Transaction 
Type: 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
Index Skew Notes – Hypothetical Single Name Set 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligation 
Seniority 
Level 
Floating 
Rate Payer 
Calculation 
Amount 
(Insert 
Currency) 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not 
a sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify]

--- Page 1658 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1632 
 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not 
a sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1659 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1633 
 
SECTION H.5 –FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the 
period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided 
above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in the United Kingdom for which a UK PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] 
[⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
The Base Listing Particulars referred to below (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) has been 
prepared on the basis that: 
(a) 
any offer of Securities in any Member State of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
the Securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member 
State of the Securities may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
in each case, in relation to such offer; and 
(b) 
any offer of Securities in the United Kingdom ("UK") will be made pursuant to an exemption 
under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
the Securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in the UK of the 
Securities may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
(as amended, the "FSMA") or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
 
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes 
to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes 
to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 1660 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1634 
 
None of the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]3 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]4 and any Dealer has authorised, 
nor do any of them authorise, the making of any offer of Securities in any other circumstances. 
For the purposes hereof, the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended) and "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA").  
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - [Other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities [during the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which 
a key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act ("FinSA") or an 
equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared,] [t][T]he Securities are not intended to be offered 
or recommended to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
("FinSA")/FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a "private client" means a person who is not one 
(or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-
in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in 
Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 
58(2) FinSA.]5 
[The Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of 
FinSA, and this Pricing Supplement, the Base Listing Particulars and any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Securities may not be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available 
to investors in Switzerland other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such 
offer or distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. Neither this Pricing Supplement, 
nor the Base Listing Particulars nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to FinSA.]6 
[The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning 
of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). They are neither subject to 
authorisation nor supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and 
investors in Securities will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by any Swiss 
regulatory authority and are exposed to the risk of the Issuer and Guarantor (if applicable).]7 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any State thereof.  The Securities do not 
constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options 
thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), and 
trading in the Securities has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
"CFTC") pursuant to the CEA.  No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator 
of the Issuer under the CEA and the rules of the CFTC thereunder.  The Issuer has not registered and will 
not register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
[Accordingly, the Securities are being offered only to persons who are Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers 
in offshore transactions in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S").  Each 
purchaser of the Securities or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and 
agreed that it is a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser and that it will not sell or otherwise transfer the 
Securities or any beneficial interest therein at any time except to (1) the Issuer or its affiliates or (2) a 
Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in an offshore transaction in compliance with Regulation S.]8 
[Accordingly, the Securities are being offered only to persons who are Permitted QIB Purchasers in 
reliance upon Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A").  Each purchaser of the Securities or 
any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it is a Permitted QIB 
Purchaser and that it will not sell or otherwise transfer the Securities or any beneficial interest therein at 
 
3 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
4 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
5  
Include if Securities are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland. 
6  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland. 
7  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland. 
8  
Include for Regulation S Global Securities and Securities issued in dematerialised form.

--- Page 1661 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1635 
 
any time except to (1) the Issuer or its affiliates or (2) a Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with 
Rule 144A and the securities laws of each State of the United States.]9 
[Accordingly, the Securities are being offered only to persons who are Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers 
in offshore transactions in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or 
Permitted QIB Purchasers in reliance upon Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A").  Each 
purchaser of the Securities or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and 
agreed that it is either a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB Purchaser and that it will not 
sell or otherwise transfer the Securities or any beneficial interest therein at any time except to (1) the 
Issuer or its affiliates, (2) a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in compliance with Regulation S or (3) a 
Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A and the securities laws of each State of the 
United States.]10 
[A "Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser" is a person that (i) is outside the United States at the time of any 
offer or sale of the Securities to it and is not a "U.S. person" as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) 
of Regulation S; (ii) does not come within any definition of U.S. person for any purpose under the CEA 
or any rule, order, guidance or interpretation proposed or issued by the CFTC under the CEA (for the 
avoidance of doubt, a U.S. person shall include without limitation (a) any person who is either (x) not a 
"Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for 
the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-
United States persons" or (y) not a "foreign located person" as defined in CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii) and 
(b) any person who is a "U.S. Person" or a "Significant Risk Subsidiary", or benefits from a "Guarantee", 
in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA, as such rule may be 
amended, revised, supplemented or superseded); (iii) is not a "U.S. Person" as defined in Rule 3a71-
3(a)(4) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (iv) is not, and whose 
purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee 
benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other plan 
or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code.]11 
[A "Permitted QIB Purchaser" is a person that (i) is a "qualified institutional buyer" (as defined in Rule 
144A) (a "QIB"), purchasing (or holding) the Securities for its own account or for the account of one or 
more QIBs and is aware that the offer and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; and (ii) is 
not, and whose purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, 
an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to 
Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee 
benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar 
to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.]12 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Securities, see "General Information 
relating to the Programme and the Securities - Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions" in the Base Listing Particulars. 
[The Securities are intended to qualify as eligible debt securities for purposes of the Federal Reserve's 
total loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") rule. As a result, in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, 
Citigroup Inc.'s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on Citigroup 
Inc.'s shareholders and then on its unsecured creditors, including the holders of the Securities. Further, 
in a bankruptcy proceeding of Citigroup Inc., any value realised by holders of the Securities may not be 
sufficient to repay the amounts owed on the Securities. For more information about the consequences of 
TLAC on the Securities, you should refer to "Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Securities 
 
9  
Include for Rule 144A Global Securities. 
10  
Include for Combined Global Securities. 
11  
Include for (a) Regulation S Global Securities and Securities issued in dematerialised form and (b) Combined Global Securities only. 
12  
Include for (a) Rule 144A Global Securities and (b) Combined Global Securities only.

--- Page 1662 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1636 
 
issued by Citigroup Inc." in the section "Description of Citigroup Inc." in the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base 
Listing Particulars.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") - The Issuer has determined the classification of 
the Securities as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA- N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].13 
[Include if the Securities or Underlying(s) are labelled or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", 
"social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar objectives: Securities or the Underlying(s) of Securities may be 
described or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar 
objectives. Notwithstanding the use of such term(s), such Securities or Underlying(s) (or the 
administrator(s) thereof) (a) may not meet investors' objectives or expectations as regarding investments 
having such or similar labels or objectives and/or (b) may not fulfil legislative or regulatory requirements 
or criteria as regarding investments having such or other similar labels or objectives.] 
Pricing Supplement dated [⚫] 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]14 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395]/[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53] 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche/(specify aggregate number of Securities or 
Units of Tranche) Units of (specify principal amount of each Unit)] [Title of Securities] 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.]15 [Guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited]16 
Under the Citi [Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
under the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
each relevant Schedule) in the Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s]] to the Base Listing 
Particulars. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Securities described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer[, the 
CGMHI Guarantor]17 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]18 and the offer of the Securities is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars [as so 
supplemented]. 
 
13  
To insert notice if classification of the Securities is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it 
/ they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA. A notification of the product classification is required as long as an offer of securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer 
is not, or not intended to be, restricted to persons specified in Regulation 2 of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (i.e. an "accredited investor", "expert investor", "institutional investor" or "any other person that is not 
an individual"). 
14  
Delete as applicable. 
15  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
16  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
17 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
18 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1663 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1637 
 
The Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the 
Paying Agents and on [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [[on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [on  the website of the London Stock Exchange 
(www.londonstockexchange.com)] [and on the website of [ ⚫] at [⚫]]]. [In addition, this Pricing 
Supplement is available on [⚫].]  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Listing Particulars has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
"Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] GMI Base Listing Particulars 
in relation to the Programme dated 18 November 2024.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Listing Particulars has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
"Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] GMI Base Listing Particulars 
relating to the Programme dated 18 November 2024, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [
⚫] ([the] Supplement [No. [⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No. [⚫]) dated [⚫] (Supplement No. [⚫] and, together 
with Supplement No. [⚫], the "Supplements")].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base listing particulars with an earlier date or under this Base Listing Particulars but 
prior to the publication of one or more supplements: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth under the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, each relevant Schedule) in the Original Base Listing Particulars 
[as supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Original Base Listing Particulars].  
[This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Securities described herein and must be read 
in conjunction with the Current Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base 
Listing Particulars], save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Listing 
Particulars [as supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Original Base Listing Particulars] [and are 
incorporated by reference into the Current Base Listing Particulars]. Full information on the Issuer[, the 
CGMHI Guarantor]19 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]20 and the offer of the Securities is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Original Base Listing Particulars [and the 
Supplement[s] to the Original Base Listing Particulars] and the Current Base Listing Particulars [and the 
Supplement[s] to the Current Base Listing Particulars]. 
The Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing Particulars] [is/are] available for 
viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com)] [and on the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]. The Original Base Listing Particulars [and the 
Supplement[s] to the Original Base Listing Particulars ] [is/are] available for viewing at the offices of 
the Paying Agents and on [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on 
the website of the [⚫] at [⚫]]. [In addition, this Pricing Supplement is available at [⚫]].  
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have not been amended by way of a Supplement to the Original 
Base Listing Particulars: For the purposes hereof, "Original Base Listing Particulars" means the 
[Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated [28 
June 2013]/[22 July 2014]/[10 August 2015]/[21 December 2015]/[15 December 2016]/[15 December 
2017]/[14 December 2018]/[19 July 2019]/[8 July 2020]/[8 July 2021]/[8 July 2022]/[7 July 2023].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have been amended by way of a Supplement to the Original Base 
Listing Particulars: For the purposes hereof, "Original Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup 
Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated [28 June 
2013]/[22 July 2014]/[10 August 2015]/[21 December 2015]/[15 December 2016]/[15 December 
2017]/[14 December 2018]/[19 July 2019]/[8 July 2020]/[8 July 2021]/[8 July 2022]/[7 July 2023], as 
supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] "Supplement [to the Original Base Listing 
Particulars"] [No.[⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ("Supplement [to the Original Base 
Listing Particulars] No. [⚫]" and, together with Supplement No.[⚫], the "Supplements to the Original 
Base Listing Particulars")].] 
 
19 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
20 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1664 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1638 
 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Listing Particulars has not been supplemented: For the purposes 
hereof, "Current Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] GMI Base 
Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated 18 November 2024.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Listing Particulars has been supplemented: For the purposes 
hereof, "Current Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] GMI Base 
Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated 18 November 2024, as supplemented by a 
Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] "Supplement [to the Current Base Listing Particulars"] [No.[⚫
]]) [and a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ("Supplement [to the Current Base Listing Particulars] No. 
[ ⚫]" and, together with Supplement No.[ ⚫], the "Supplements to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars")].]] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing this Pricing Supplement.] 
[When completing any pricing supplement consideration should be given as to whether the relevant terms 
or information constitute "significant new factors" relating to information included in the Base Listing 
Particulars which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Exempt Securities to be listed on the Euro 
MTF or other relevant stock exchange or market and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Listing Particulars.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Holdings 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]21 
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Citigroup 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only Securities issued by Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc. are guaranteed by Citigroup 
Inc.  Only Securities issued by Citigroup Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg 
S.C.A. 
are 
guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited) 
2. 
(i) 
Type of Security: 
[Note[s]] [Certificate[s]] 
 
 
[Exercise style: the Certificates are [European 
style]/[Multiple 
Exercise] 
Certificates 
[and 
Automatic Exercise applies]] (Applicable in the 
case where "Certificate[s]" is specified above") (If 
applicable, replace references in the Pricing 
Supplement to redemption with references to 
termination, references to interest with references 
to coupon and references to maturity date with 
settlement date) 
 
 
[Notes, but referred to as "Certificates"] (if 
applicable, complete the Pricing Supplement as if 
the Securities were Notes save to replace references 
in the Pricing Supplement to "Note(s)" with 
"Certificates(s)", references to redemption with 
references to termination, references to interest 
with references to premium and references to 
maturity date with final termination date) 
(for Swedish Securities in the form of Certificates, 
Automatic Exercise shall apply) 
 
21  
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 1665 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1639 
 
 
 
[Italian Listed Notes] [Italian Listed Certificates] 
 
 
[Insert in the case of Italian Listed Certificates: 
[Each reference herein to "Note(s)" shall be 
construed to be to "Certificate(s)" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. In 
addition, [(i)] references herein to "redemption" and 
"redeem" shall be construed to be to "termination" 
and "terminate", [references herein to "principal" 
and "principal amount", respectively, shall be 
construed to be to "invested amount",] [references 
herein to "nominal amount" shall be construed to be 
to "calculation amount",] [references herein to 
"settlement" and "settle" and "settled" shall be 
construed to be to, respectively, "termination" and 
"terminate" and "terminated"] and references herein 
to "redemption", "redeem" and "Maturity Date" 
shall be construed to be references to "termination", 
"terminate" and "Final Termination Date" [and (ii) 
references herein to "interest", "Interest Payment 
Date", "Interest Period"[,/and] "Interest Rate" [and 
"Interest Underlying"] shall be construed to be 
references to "premium", "Premium Payment 
Date", "Premium Period"[,/and] "Premium Rate" 
[and "Premium Underlying"], respectively]] [and 
all 
related 
expressions 
shall 
be 
construed 
accordingly]] (Include each term as applicable) 
 
(ii) 
Governing Law: 
[English/New York/French/Irish] Law  
[The Securities are also [Swedish Securities [(and 
therefore the Issuer shall have the right to obtain 
extracts from the register of creditors (Sw. 
skuldbok) from Euroclear Sweden)]] [Finnish 
Securities [(and therefore the Issuer shall, subject to 
regulations of Euroclear Finland and applicable 
laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland 
a list of the holders of Finnish Securities, 
PROVIDED THAT it is technically possible for 
Euroclear Finland to maintain such a list)]]] 
(Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities may 
only be English Law Securities) 
 
(iii) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, specify details 
of that Series, including the date on which the 
Securities become fungible) 
 
(v) 
Date on which the Securities will 
be consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not Applicable] [The [identify present Tranche] 
will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier Tranches] on [⚫]/[the Issue Date]]  
3. 
Settlement Currency or Currencies: 22  
[⚫]/[The Securities are Dual Currency Securities. 
"Settlement Currency" means: 
 
22  
For domestic issues whose settlement is made from an account located in France, payments with respect to the French Law Securities 
shall be made in euros (pursuant to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil).

--- Page 1666 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1640 
 
 
 
(a) 
in respect of the Specified Denomination 
(if applicable) and the Calculation Amount 
(the "Denomination Currency"): [⚫]  
 
 
(b) 
in respect of payments and/or deliveries 
(the "DC Relevant Currency"): [⚫]] 
 
[Resultant figure(s) in Euro of amount(s) 
specified herein denominated in a currency 
other than Euro:  
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law 
Securities only, delete if not relevant) 
[The Aggregate Principal Amount, Specified 
Denomination and any other amount(s) specified 
herein have been translated into Euro at the 
exchange rate of [⚫] [specify currency other than 
euro] equal to EUR1.00, producing a sum of: EUR 
[⚫]]  
 
[Method for translating into Euro any 
amount(s) denominated in a currency other 
than Euro payable under the Securities: 
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law 
Securities only, delete if not relevant and if 
payments to be made under the Securities are to be 
made in Euro)  
[The [specify relevant amount(s) specified herein 
denominated in a currency other than Euro] will be 
translated into Euro at the [specify currency other 
than 
Euro]/EUR 
exchange 
rate 
(spot/bid) 
prevailing at the date of settlement of such 
amount(s) at the time or times as the [Calculation 
Agent]/[Determination Agent] deems appropriate 
and the resultant figure will be rounded to the 
nearest euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards)]] 
4. 
[Aggregate Principal Amount]/[Number of 
Securities]: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[ ⚫][Securities][Units (each Unit being [ ⚫] in 
principal amount of the Securities)] [(each Unit 
consisting of [⚫] Securities)] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ ⚫][Securities][Units (each Unit being [ ⚫] in 
principal amount of the Securities)]/[(each Unit 
consisting of [⚫] Securities)] 
 
 
[The Securities are issued in Units. Accordingly, 
references herein to "Units" shall be deemed to be 
references to [[⚫] in principal amount of the]/[a 
number of [⚫]] Securities and all references in the 
Conditions to payments and/or deliveries being 
made in respect of a Security shall be construed to 
such payments and/or deliveries being made in 
respect of a Unit] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Aggregate 
Principal Amount / Number of Securities in respect 
of each Tranche) 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date](insert for 
fungible issues, if applicable)] [converted into the 
DC Relevant Currency at the Initial FX Rate, being 
[specify in DC Relevant Currency] in respect of the

--- Page 1667 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1641 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount. "Initial FX Rate" 
means [⚫]]/[[⚫] per Security]/[⚫] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Price in 
respect of each Tranche) 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ⚫]/[Unit]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable for 
Notes – specify "Not Applicable" for Certificates) 
 
 
(in the case of Registered Securities, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be 
made) 
 
 
(In respect of Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities 
and French Law Securities which are Notes, there 
shall be one denomination only.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫][Unit][per Certificate] 
 
 
(If the Securities are Notes with only one Specified 
Denomination, insert the Specified Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. N.B. There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
 
(For Certificates, the Calculation Amount does not 
reflect a principal amount, but the term must be 
specified as it is necessary for use in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule and other places.) 
7. 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date: 
[[ ⚫]]/[[ ⚫] Business Days following the Initial 
Preference Share Reference Date, which is 
expected to be [⚫]] (Specify for Preference Share 
Linked Securities only) 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Date in 
respect of each Tranche) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[⚫][Issue Date] [As set out in the Table at item 10 
below] [Not Applicable]  
(Where there is more than one interest basis then 
the Interest Commencement Date for each interest 
basis should be specified by inserting the Interest 
Basis Table at item 10 below) 
8. 
[Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[⚫][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] Business Day 
Convention] [and extension in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension)] (Only applicable if the Securities 
are Credit-Linked Securities and "2014 Reference 
Entity" applies) / [and extension in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension)] (Only applicable if the Securities 
are Credit-Linked Securities and "2003 Reference 
Entity" applies) [Interest Payment Date falling on 
or nearest to [⚫]][ where EMTA provisions are 
applicable in respect of any FX Rate: or, if later, the

--- Page 1668 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1642 
 
Number of Settlement Business Days following the 
[last occurring] Final Valuation Date] 
 
 
[The Final Valuation Date] (Specify for Preference 
Share Linked Securities only)] 
 
(If the Securities are Certificates, delete the 
above and insert the following: 
 
 
[Exercise Date(s): 
[Each] [Valuation Date]/[The Final Valuation Date] 
 
Settlement Date: 
[⚫][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] Business Day 
Convention] [Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest to [ ⚫]][where EMTA provisions are 
applicable in respect of any FX Rate: or, if later, the 
Number of Settlement Business Days following the 
[last occurring] Final Valuation Date] 
9. 
Type of Interest / Redemption: 
[[Fixed Rate Securities] [Floating Rate Securities] 
[CMS Rate Securities] [Spread Securities] [and 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities] Buy the Dip 
Securities] 
[Inflation 
Rate 
Securities] 
[DIR 
Inflation Linked Securities [that are DIR Inflation 
Linked Interest Securities] [and] [in respect of 
which a DIR Linked Redemption Amount is 
applicable] [Digital [Band] Securities] [Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Securities] 
[Volatility 
Bond 
Securities] [Synthetic Forward Rate Securities] 
[Previous Coupon Linked Securities] [and] [FX 
Performance Securities] [and] [Reserve Coupon 
Securities] [and] [Global Interest Floor Securities] 
[and] [Auto Floor Securities] [and] [Global Interest 
Cap Securities] [and] [Auto Cap Securities] [and] 
[Restructure Interest Rate Securities] [Interim 
Performance Interest Securities] [Twin Win Interim 
Performance Interest Securities] [Reverse Interim 
Performance Interest Securities] [Non-Contingent 
Interest Amount] [and Range Accrual Securities] 
[Multi-Chance Securities] [Lookback Securities 
[(Memory Effect/Without Memory Effect)]]] [The 
Securities are Zero Coupon Securities and do not 
bear or pay any interest] [The Securities do not bear 
or pay any interest] [if an Interest Barrier Event 
[does not] occur[s] [and]] [The Securities do not 
pay any Coupon Amount if a Coupon Barrier Event 
[does not] occur[s] [and]] [specify other] (repeat as 
necessary)  
[As set out in the table at item 10 below] 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions are 
applicable as specified in item 19 below]  
 
 
[The [Securities are [also] [Credit Linked/Index 
Skew] Notes and the] [Securities are Underlying 
Linked Securities and the] Redemption Amount of 
the Securities is determined in accordance with item 
18 below]

--- Page 1669 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1643 
 
[The Securities are [also] Lock-in Redemption 
Securities] [The Securities are [also] Rate Linked 
Redemption Securities] [The Securities are [also] 
Interest Linked Redemption Securities] [The 
Securities 
are 
[also] 
Redemption 
Reserve 
Securities] 
[The Securities are Instalment Securities and the 
Instalment Amounts are determined as specified in 
item 18(vii) below] 
 
 
The Securities are Cash Settled Securities [and/or 
may be Physical Delivery Securities] 
 
 
[The Securities are [also] Dual Currency Securities] 
[In order to receive the Entitlement on the 
[Maturity Date]/[Settlement Date] (subject as 
provided in the Conditions), Securityholders 
should complete and deliver an Asset Transfer 
Notice in accordance with the Conditions in any 
event as it may not be known prior to the Cut-off 
Date whether the Securities will be cash settled 
and/or settled by physical delivery of the 
Entitlement] 
10. Changes in interest basis and/or Multiple 
Interest Basis: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis and Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis: 
[Automatic Change of Interest Basis: Applicable[, 
as set out in the Interest Basis Table below]] (Insert 
for Automatic Change of Interest Basis) [Lock-in 
Change of Interest Basis: Applicable - see item 16 
below] (Insert for Lock-in Change of Interest Basis) 
[Describe changes] [Not Applicable] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of 
an Interest Period) 
 
(ii) 
Multiple Interest Basis:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Multiple Interest Basis shall not apply for any 
Interest Period or Interest Payment Date to which 
the Previous Coupon Linked Notes provisions, FX 
Performance Notes provisions, Reserve Coupon 
Notes provisions, Global Interest Floor Notes 
provisions, Global Interest Cap Notes provisions, 
Restructure Interest Rate Notes provisions or Lock-
in Change of Interest Basis provisions apply) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
MIB Interest Period(s) 
and/or 
MIB 
Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[Specify relevant Interest Periods / Interest 
Payment Dates] [As specified in the Interest Basis 
Table below]

--- Page 1670 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1644 
 
 
(B) 
MIB Interest Period(s) 
and/or 
MIB 
Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[Specify relevant Interest Periods / Interest 
Payment Dates] [As specified in the Interest Basis 
Table below] 
 
[Interest Basis Table 
Interest 
Commencem
ent Date 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) / 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[MIB 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) / 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
Type of Interest / Redemption 
[specify date] 
[specify date] 
[Yes][No] 
[Fixed Rate Securities] [Floating Rate Securities] [CMS Rate 
Securities] [Spread Securities] [and Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities] [Buy the Dip Securities] [Inflation Rate Securities] 
[DIR Inflation Linked Securities [that are DIR Inflation Linked 
Interest Securities] [and] [in respect of which a DIR Linked 
Redemption Amount is applicable]] [Digital [Band] Securities] 
[Inverse Floating Rate Securities] [Volatility Bond Securities] 
[Synthetic Forward Rate Securities] [Previous Coupon Linked 
Securities] [and] [FX Performance Securities] [and] [Reserve 
Coupon Securities] [and] [Global Interest Floor Securities] 
[and] [Auto Floor Securities] [and] [Global Interest Cap 
Securities] [and] [Auto Cap Securities] [and] [Restructure 
Interest Rate Securities] [Interim Performance Interest 
Securities] [Twin Win Interim Performance Interest Securities] 
[Reverse Interim Performance Interest Securities] [Non-
Contingent Interest Amount] [Range Accrual Securities] 
[Multi-Chance Securities] [Lookback Securities [(Memory 
Effect/Without Memory Effect)]] [The Securities are [also] 
Lock-in Redemption Securities] [The Securities are [also] Rate 
Linked Redemption Securities] [The Securities are [also] 
Interest Linked Redemption Securities] [The Securities are 
[also] Redemption Reserve Securities] [The Securities are Zero 
Coupon Securities and do not bear or pay any interest] [The 
Securities are also Dual Currency Securities]  
(repeat as required)] 
 
11. Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 18(i) below] 
 
 
[Investor Put as specified in item 18(ii) below] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
12. (i) 
Status of the Securities: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior] [Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable for Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. 
or CGMFL) 
 
(iii) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable for Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. 
or CGMHI) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING LINKED SECURITIES AND EARLY 
REDEMPTION

--- Page 1671 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1645 
 
13. Underlying Linked Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable – [the provisions in the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule apply (subject as provided in any 
relevant Underlying Schedule)] [Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(n) (Fallback Provisions for 
Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities) 
applies]] 
(Only applicable if the Securities are either (i) 
Underlying Linked Securities or (ii) are not 
Underlying Linked Securities but any of Change in 
Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging 
and Realisation Disruption apply. Otherwise, specify 
not applicable) 
 
(i) 
Underlying:  
(the following information may be 
tabulated) 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Description 
of 
Underlying(s): 
[specify each Underlying including ISIN or other 
identification number where available, including 
definitions, as appropriate] 
 
(B) 
Classification: 
[Security Index/Inflation Index/Commodity Index/ 
Commodity/Share/Depositary Receipt/ETF Share/ 
Mutual Fund Interest/FX Rate (EMTA Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable])/Bespoke 
Index/Dividend 
Futures 
Contract/Rate/Preference 
Share] 
(In respect of a Rate, note that only interest rates 
which are published on an Electronic Page may be 
specified) 
 
 
(specify for each Underlying) 
 
 
(N.B.: Preference Share Linked Securities may only be 
issued by CGMFL or CGMHI) 
 
(C) 
Electronic Page: 
[⚫] (specify for each Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Particulars in respect of each 
Underlying: 
(the following information may be 
tabulated) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) (If applicable, delete 
the sub-paragraphs which are not applicable.) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Security Index) 
 
(A) 
Type of Index: 
[Single 
Exchange 
Index/Multiple 
Exchange 
Index][Bond Index] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only required in relation to Single Exchange 
Indices) 
 
(C) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Single Valuation Time: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1672 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1646 
 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not 
Applicable where the level for a Valuation Date is 
taken regardless of which day it is published)] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Inflation Index) 
 
(A) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable: The definition set out in Inflation Index 
Condition 1 (Definitions) shall apply/[ ⚫]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Revision 
of 
level 
of 
Inflation Index: 
[Revision/No Revision] 
 
 
(N.B.: If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is 
specified, "No Revision" will be deemed to apply)] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Commodity Index) 
 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not 
Applicable where the level for a Valuation Date is 
taken regardless of which day it is published)] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
(specify for each Commodity) 
 
(A) 
Commodity Price: 
[[high price][low price][average of high and low 
prices][closing price][opening price][bid price][asked 
price][average of bid and asked prices][settlement 
price][official 
settlement 
price][official 
price][morning fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price][⚫
] [per [insert unit]] of [insert commodity] on [the 
relevant Exchange/(specify other source)] [of the 
[relevant] Futures Contract for the [relevant] Delivery 
Date] as made public by [the [relevant] Exchange] on 
[the 
[relevant] 
Price 
Source]] 
[(specify 
price)][Fallback Commodity Dealers] 
 
(B) 
Delivery Date: 
[date] [month and year] [[First/Second/Third/specify 
other number] Nearby Month][Either (i) the 
[First/Second/Third/specify other number] Nearby 
Month or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that 
the relevant Valuation Date falls less than [[ ⚫]] 
Commodity Business Days prior to the earlier of (A) 
the 
last 
trading 
day 
of 
the 
relevant 
[First/Second/Third/specify other number] Futures 
Contract; or (B) the first day on which notice of intent 
to 
deliver 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
relevant 
[First/Second/Third/specify other number] Futures 
Contract may be submitted (howsoever defined in the 
terms of the relevant Futures Contract and/or the rules 
of 
the 
relevant 
Exchange), 
the 
[First/Second/Third/specify other number] Nearby 
Month][specify date] 
 
(C) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Price Source: 
[The Electronic Page][⚫]

--- Page 1673 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1647 
 
 
 
(N.B.: Unless otherwise specified, Price Source shall 
be the Electronic Page) 
 
(E) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only applicable if the definition for Bullion 
Commodities in the Commodity Conditions is not 
applicable)] 
 
[Share(s): 
(specify for each Share) 
 
(A) 
Share Company: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]  
 
(C) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Stapled Share: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify for each Share which is a Stapled Share) 
Component Share: [⚫] 
Component Share Company: [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
(specify for each Depositary Receipt) 
 
(A) 
Full Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Partial Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(E) 
Underlying 
Share 
Company: 
[⚫]  
 
(F) 
Underlying 
Share 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(G) 
Underlying Share Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
(specify for each ETF Share) 
 
(A) 
Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]  
 
(C) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
(specify for each Fund Interest) 
 
(A) 
Mutual Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1674 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1648 
 
 
(C) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Scheduled 
Interim 
Valuation 
Date/Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date]] 
 
(D) 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the value published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not 
Applicable where the value for a Valuation Date is 
taken regardless of which day it is published)] 
 
[FX 
Rate(s) 
where 
EMTA 
Provisions are Not Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange Rate 
comprising such FX Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate: 
"cross-rate/formula": [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The FX Rate is [the inverse of] [[⚫]] / [the product of 
[⚫] and [[⚫]] / [the quotient of [[⚫]] (as numerator) and 
[[ ⚫]] (as denominator)]]] (delete or combine as 
applicable) 
 
(B) 
Exchange Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Base Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Quote Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Specified 
Financial 
Centres: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Event 
Currency 
/Currencies: 
[Specify if different to the FX Rate Conditions] 
 
 
(NB: only required if "General Inconvertibility", 
"General Non-Transferability", "Material Change in 
Circumstances", 
"Nationalisation", 
"Specific 
Inconvertibility" or "Specific Non-Transferability" are 
specified as Currency Disruption Events below)] 
 
(D) 
Dual Currency Securities 
Provisions (Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 8): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Dual Currency 
Exchange Rate is [specify FX Rate] [and for which 
purpose the Specified DC Valuation Date(s) shall be 
[[⚫] (specify days) prior to (but excluding) each day on 
which payment is scheduled to be made under the 
Securities] [as set out in the Dual Currency Securities 
Table]] (specify for Dual Currency Securities where 
there would otherwise be no Specified Valuation Date) 
 
[Dual Currency Securities Table 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date]

--- Page 1675 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1649 
 
(repeat as required) 
[Optional Redemption Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
(repeat as required) 
[Scheduled] Maturity Date 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date]] 
 
 
(E) 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities 
Provisions (Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.7): 
[Not Applicable] [Reference Observation [1/2/3] shall 
be determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(F) 
FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions 
(Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.17)): 
[Not Applicable] [[FX Performance [1/2] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]] (repeat 
as necessary) 
 
(G) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf Rate is 
[specify FX Rate.]] 
 
(H) 
Lock-in 
Change 
of 
Interest Basis determined 
by reference to an FX 
Rate 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.24(c)): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable. The [Lock-in Reference 
Observation [n]/ Lock-in Barrier [n]] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate] and for 
which purpose the Specified Lock-in Determination 
Date(s) shall be [[⚫]/as set out in the Lock-in Change 
of Interest Basis Table] (repeat as necessary) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
[Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
Specified Lock-in Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted]  
[specify date] 
(repeat as required)]

--- Page 1676 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1650 
 
 
(I) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
determined 
by reference to an FX 
Rate 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 5): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable. The 
[Rollerball 
Reference Observation/Rollerball Barrier] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate] and for 
which purpose the Specified MER Determination 
Date(s) shall be [[⚫]/as set out in the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Table] (repeat as necessary) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Table 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) 
Specified MER Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
(repeat as required)] 
 
 
(J) 
Digital Securities: 
[Not Applicable] [Digital Reference Rate shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]]  
 
(K) 
Digital Band Securities: 
[Not Applicable] [Reference Rate shall be determined 
by reference to [specify FX Rate]]  
 
[FX 
Rate(s) 
where 
EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate Source: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Valuation Time: 
(specify in respect of the Primary Rate and any 
fallback rates) 
 
 
[⚫] in respect of the Primary Rate 
 
 
[[⚫] in respect of the First Fallback Reference Price] 
 
 
[[⚫] in respect of the Second Fallback Reference Price] 
 
(C) 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Settlement Currency: 
[⚫]  
 
(E) 
Reference 
Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Settlement 
Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫]  
 
(G) 
Number of Settlement 
Business Days: 
[⚫][Settlement Currency Business Days] 
 
(H) 
Number of Postponement 
Days: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1677 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1651 
 
 
(I) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[⚫] consecutive calendar days  
 
(J) 
Dual Currency Securities 
Provisions (Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 8): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Dual Currency 
Exchange Rate is [specify FX Rate] [and for which 
purpose the Specified DC Valuation Date(s) shall be 
[[⚫](specify days) prior to (but excluding) each day on 
which payment is scheduled to be made under the 
Securities] [as set out in the Dual Currency Securities 
Table]] (specify for Dual Currency Securities where 
there would otherwise be no Specified Valuation Date) 
[The Number of Postponement Days is [⚫]] 
 
[Dual Currency Securities Table 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
(repeat as required) 
[Optional Redemption Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
(repeat as required) 
[Scheduled] Maturity Date 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date]] 
 
 
(K) 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities 
Provisions (Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.7): 
[Not Applicable] [Reference Observation [1/2/3] shall 
be determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(L) 
FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions 
(Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.17): 
[Not Applicable] [[FX Performance [1/2] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]] (repeat 
as necessary) 
 
(M) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf Rate is 
[specify FX Rate.].]

--- Page 1678 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1652 
 
 
(N) 
Lock-in 
Change 
of 
Interest Basis determined 
by reference to an FX Rate 
(Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.24(c)): 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. The [Lock-in Reference Observation [n]/ 
Lock-in Barrier [n]] shall be determined by reference 
to [specify FX Rate] and for which purpose the 
Specified Lock-in Determination Date(s) shall be [[⚫
]/as set out in the Lock-in Change of Interest Basis 
Table] (repeat as necessary) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination]] 
 
[Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
Specified Lock-in Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
(repeat as required)] 
 
 
(O) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
determined 
by reference to an FX Rate 
(Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5): 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation/Rollerball Barrier] shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate] and for which purpose 
the Specified MER Determination Date(s) shall be [[⚫
]/as set out in the Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
(repeat as necessary) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Table 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) 
Specified MER Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] 
[specify date] 
(repeat as required)] 
 
 
(P) 
Digital Securities: 
[Not Applicable] [Digital Reference Rate shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]]

--- Page 1679 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1653 
 
 
(Q) 
Digital Band Securities: 
[Not Applicable] [Reference Rate shall be determined 
by reference to [specify FX Rate]]  
 
[Bespoke Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Type of Bespoke Index: 
[The Bespoke Index/[⚫]] is [not] a Citi Proprietary 
Index 
 
(B) 
[Index Sponsor: 
For the purposes hereof, the Index Sponsor in respect 
of the Bespoke Index is the Index Administrator (as 
defined in the Index Conditions)] 
 
(C) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[As defined in Bespoke Index Condition 1/A 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be an "Index Business 
Day" as defined in the Index Conditions]] 
 
[Dividend Futures Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Relevant Price: 
["daily settlement price"/"final settlement price"][see 
specified item [⚫]]  
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day][A day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [⚫
] (specify each)] [A day on which T2 is open] [A U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day]] 
 
(C) 
Rate Linked Redemption 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable: The Rate Linked 
Redemption Amount shall be determined by reference 
to [specify Rate(s)] and for which purpose the 
Specified RL Valuation Date shall be [⚫]] 
 
[Preference Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Preference 
Share 
Company: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg 
S.C.A./[⚫]] 
 
(B) 
Initial Preference Share 
Reference Date: 
[ ⚫], subject as provided in the Preference Share 
Conditions 
 
(C) 
Valuation Time: 
[[⚫]/As specified in Preference Share Condition 2] 
 
(D) 
Preference 
Share 
Valuation Date: 
[ ⚫], subject as provided in the Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions 
 
(E) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[⚫][,[⚫] and [⚫]] subject as provided in the Preference 
Share Conditions/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(iii) 
Elections in respect of each type of 
Underlying: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs which are 
not applicable)

--- Page 1680 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1654 
 
 
(the following information may be 
tabulated) 
(NB: for the purposes of the Additional Adjustment 
Events and Additional Early Redemption Events in 
respect of each type of Underlying, either the 
Additional Adjustment Events or the Additional Early 
Redemption Events (with the option to specify the 
Early Termination Amount) must be applicable. 
Alternatively, both the relevant Additional Adjustment 
Events and the Additional Early Redemption Events 
may be applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Additional Adjustment 
Events 
should 
not 
be 
disapplied at the same time as the Additional Early 
Redemption Events.) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow][Loss of Stock 
Borrow][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/ 
Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is 
applicable)]  
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Security 
Index 
Adjustment Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 6(b)(i) is Applicable:

--- Page 1681 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1655 
 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1682 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1656 
 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Security 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Reference Month(s): 
[In respect of a Valuation Date [⚫]]  
 
(B) 
Manifest Error Cut-off 
Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment 
Date/[⚫]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is specified, 
the cut-off date will be 2 Business Days prior to any 
relevant Payment Date) 
 
(C) 
Revision Cut-off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment 
Date/[⚫]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Revision Cut-off Date is specified, the cut-
off date will be 2 Business Days prior to any relevant 
Payment Date) 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Inflation 
Index 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)]

--- Page 1683 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1657 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Inflation 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(F) 
Inflation 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
4(a): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(a) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon

--- Page 1684 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1658 
 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
4(b): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(b) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1685 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1659 
 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(i) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Commodity Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [[Other] 
(specify an amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair

--- Page 1686 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1660 
 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Commodity 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Commodity Index Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Commodity Index Substitution Criteria: [[ ⚫]/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]]] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
 
 
(A) 
Commodity Dealers 
[The definition set out in Commodity Condition 1 
(Definitions) shall apply/[⚫]]/Not Applicable 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Commodity Dealers are specified, the 
Commodity Dealers shall be four leading dealers in 
the relevant market selected by the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
(If Fallback Commodity Dealers is not applicable to 
the Securities, specify Not Applicable) 
 
(B) 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted Day) applies] 
 
 
[Disappearance of Commodity Price] 
 
 
[Material Change in Content] 
 
 
[Material Change in Formula] 
 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Tax Disruption] 
 
 
[Trading 
Disruption 
(specify 
any 
additional 
futures/options contracts)] 
 
(C) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(b) (Disruption Fallback) 
applies.] [The following Disruption Fallbacks apply, 
in the following order: 
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Price (specify alternative 
Commodity Price)]  
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Dealers] 
 
 
[Delayed Publication and Announcement] 
 
 
[Postponement] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
[Cancellation]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Events: 
[Abandonment of Scheme (N.B. only applicable 
where the Underlying is an emission)] 
 
 
[Commodity Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value

--- Page 1687 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1661 
 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)]

--- Page 1688 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1662 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Share Substitution Criteria: [Reference Index/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Share Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Delisting: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]]

--- Page 1689 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1663 
 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Insolvency: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Insolvency is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1690 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1664 
 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Merger 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1691 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1665 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Tender 
Offer: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Tender Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Share Condition 4 – De-stapling Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – De-stapling Event is 
Applicable: 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value

--- Page 1692 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1666 
 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Share Condition 4 – Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event is Applicable: 
Component Share Additional Adjustment Event(s): 
[Corporate Action]  
[Insolvency] 
[Merger Event]  
[Nationalisation]  
[Tender Offer] 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]]

--- Page 1693 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1667 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(repeat as necessary for each Component Share 
Additional Adjustment Event(s)) 
 
(D) 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of [insert 
relevant Share] [as [Interest Underlying(s)[,/and/or] 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying(s)] 
[,/and/or] [Redemption Underlying(s)]] 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Dividend Screen Page: [⚫] 
 
 
Start Date: [Interest Strike Date] [,/and] [Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike Date] [,/and] [Redemption 
Strike Date] [,/and] [⚫] 
The Underlying Closing Level on the Start Date is [the 
Price on the Start Date]/[⚫] 
 
 
Target Dividend: [⚫] 
 
 
Applicable Percentage: [⚫]  
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]]

--- Page 1694 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1668 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria: Depositary 
Receipt: [Same Underlying Share and Currency/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]. 
 
 
Underlying Share: [Reference Index/As determined 
by Calculation Agent].] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate Action: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate Action 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1695 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1669 
 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Insolvency: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Insolvency is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised

--- Page 1696 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1670 
 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger Event is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Nationalisation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1697 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1671 
 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Nationalisation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender Offer: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender Offer is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1698 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1672 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying Share 
Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying 
Share Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal

--- Page 1699 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1673 
 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
ETF Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If ETF Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria: [Related Index. [To 
specify unless limb (b) of "Related Index" is being 
relied on: For which purpose, the Related Index is [⚫
]] (specify for each ETF Share where there is a basket 
of ETF Shares)/As determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Corporate Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Corporate Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1700 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1674 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Delisting: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]  
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Insolvency: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Insolvency is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal

--- Page 1701 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1675 
 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Merger 
Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)]

--- Page 1702 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1676 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Tender 
Offer: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Tender Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon

--- Page 1703 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1677 
 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Strategy 
Breach: Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1704 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1678 
 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Strategy Breach is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Regulatory Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Regulatory Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1705 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1679 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Fees or Charges Event] 
 
 
[Fund Adviser Event [- for which purpose the AUM 
Threshold is [⚫] (specify AUM Threshold if different 
to the Conditions)] 
 
 
[Holding Ratio Change] 
 
 
[Limitation Event] 
 
 
[NAV 
Trigger 
Event 
(specify 
NAV 
Trigger 
Percentage, if applicable)]

--- Page 1706 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1680 
 
 
 
[New Information Event] 
 
 
[Non Currency Redemption] 
 
 
[Related Agreement Termination [- for which purpose 
[⚫] shall be a relevant party] (specify other relevant 
party (if any))] 
 
 
[Asset Trigger Event] 
 
 
[Delisting] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
Mutual 
Fund 
Interest 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Mutual Fund Interest Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Mutual 
Fund 
Interest 
Substitution 
Criteria: 
[Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest. For which purpose, 
the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest Criteria is: 
 
 
[Liquidity] 
 
 
[Similar Strategy] 
 
 
[Same Currency] 
 
 
[As determined by Calculation Agent]]]  
 
(C) 
Monetisation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1707 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1681 
 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Insolvency: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Insolvency is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1708 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1682 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Nationalisation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Nationalisation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal

--- Page 1709 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1683 
 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Advisor Resignation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Advisor Resignation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)]

--- Page 1710 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1684 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund Modification: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund Modification is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon

--- Page 1711 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1685 
 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting Disruption: 
Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1712 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1686 
 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting Disruption 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross Contamination: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross Contamination 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1713 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1687 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund Service 
Provider: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund 
Service Provider is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify

--- Page 1714 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1688 
 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[FX 
Rate(s) 
where 
EMTA 
Provisions are Not Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
Primary Rate: [⚫] 
Secondary Rate: [⚫] 
Price Materiality Percentage: [⚫]] 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
[Specific Non-Transferability] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX 
Rate 
Part 
A 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part A Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]]

--- Page 1715 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1689 
 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[FX 
Rate(s) 
where 
EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Price Materiality. For which purpose: 
(i) 
Price Materiality Percentage is [[⚫]] per cent. 
 
 
(ii) 
Primary Rate is [the FX Rate/[⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Secondary Rate is [the First Fallback 
Reference Rate [and the Second Fallback 
Reference Rate]/ [⚫]]] 
 
(B) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the 
following order: 
 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes of 
the related First Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
First Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
 
(ii) 
First Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
 
(iii) 
First Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
 
(iv) 
First Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes of 
the related Second Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
Second Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Second Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Second Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
(specify relevant fallbacks for each FX Rate and the 
order in which they apply)

--- Page 1716 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1690 
 
 
(C) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify for each FX Rate 
where different) 
 
(D) 
Settlement Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX 
Rate 
Part 
B 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part B Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Bespoke Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Bespoke 
Index 
Condition 
4(a): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Bespoke Index Condition 4(a) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon

--- Page 1717 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1691 
 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Component Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[Component 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] 
 
• 
[Component 
Disrupted Day:] 
[A Component Disrupted Day in respect of a 
Component shall be a "Disrupted Day" as defined for 
such Component in the Index Conditions] 
 
• 
[Component 
Scheduled Trading 
Day:] 
[A Component Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a 
Component shall be a "Scheduled Trading Day" as 
defined for such Component in the Index Conditions]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Bespoke 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Bespoke Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1718 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1692 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Bespoke 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Bespoke 
Index 
Adjustment Event(s): 
[Bespoke 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(A): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Bespoke Index Condition 6(b)(A) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Dividend Futures Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 4: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 4 is 
Applicable:

--- Page 1719 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1693 
 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair

--- Page 1720 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1694 
 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5 is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Dividend 
Futures 
Contract Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable[, for which purpose the Correction Period 
shall be [⚫]]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Realisation Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at

--- Page 1721 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1695 
 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon 
Securities which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]  
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(v) 
RMB Disruption Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] (Always Not Applicable 
for Index Skew Notes) 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon 
Securities which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]  
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1722 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1696 
 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
RMB Relevant Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
RMB Relevant Currency Valuation 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[⚫] (Specify)/ [Hong Kong] 
 
(vi) 
Hedging 
Disruption 
Early 
Termination Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon 
Securities which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other]  
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(vii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1723 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1697 
 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon 
Securities which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [As set out 
in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [Other]  
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(viii) 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
[Section 871(m) Event (Hedging): Not Applicable] 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon 
Securities which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [As set out 
in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [Other]  
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair

--- Page 1724 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1698 
 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(ix) 
Early Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon 
Securities which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [Other] [As 
set out in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [Other]  
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Illegality: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Material Increased Cost: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at

--- Page 1725 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1699 
 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon 
Securities which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [As set out 
in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [Other]  
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xi) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Termination 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon 
Securities which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [As set out 
in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [Other]  
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1726 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1700 
 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xii) 
Early Redemption for Illegality: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon 
Securities which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [As set out 
in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [Other] (specify 
Early Termination Amount here only if "Continuance 
of Securities Provision" is "Not Applicable"; 
otherwise specify the Early Termination Amount 
under "Continuance of Securities Provision" below) 
 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xiii) 
Continuance 
of 
Securities 
Provision: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
[Illegality Event (Impossible Performance) 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: Fair Market Value 
 
 
Deduction of Hedge Costs: Not Applicable 
 
 
Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: Not Applicable 
 
 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: Not Applicable

--- Page 1727 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1701 
 
 
 
Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
Not Applicable 
 
 
Illegality 
Event 
(Possible 
Performance): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Amount: [Monetisation with 
Holder Put Option]/[Best of Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
 
 
Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
Not Applicable 
 
(xiv) 
Early Redemption for Obligor 
Regulatory Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If Applicable: 
Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put Option]] 
[Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] (Specify 
for Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero Coupon 
Securities which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name CLNs or 
Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [As set out 
in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [Other] (specify 
Early Termination Amount here only if "Continuance 
of Securities Provision" is "Not Applicable"; 
otherwise specify the Early Termination Amount 
under "Continuance of Securities Provision" below) 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as 
part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1728 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1702 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xv) 
Event of Default: 
[Early Termination Amount: [Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity] [with Holder Put Option]] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Best of Amount] [Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Zero Coupon Securities other than Zero 
Coupon Securities which are CLNs) [Zero Coupon 
Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for Single Name 
CLNs or Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate) 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] [As set out 
in Preference Share Condition 6(d)] [Other] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xvi) 
Minimum Return Amount: 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] [The definition in General 
Condition 6(e)(v) (Redemption and Purchase – Early 
Termination Amount) applies] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST 
14. Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption Securities)]] [Not Applicable – the 
Securities do not bear or pay interest] 
[Payment of interest is subject to the "Provisions 
relating to Credit Linked Notes" as specified in 
item 21 below] 
[See item [21(xxii)] [21(xxiii)] below] (Specify for 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(if applicable in respect of different Underlyings, 
Interest Valuation Dates, Interest Payment Dates, 
Interest Barrier Event or Interest Lock-in Event, 
repeat item and insert: In respect of (insert 
Underlying, Interest Valuation Date, Interest 
Payment Date, Interest Barrier Event or Interest 
Lock-in Event as applicable):]

--- Page 1729 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1703 
 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Strike 
Level, 
Specified 
Valuation 
Date(s), 
Interest 
Amount/Rate, IPR, Interest Payment 
Date(s), Specified Interest Valuation 
Date(s), Lower Interest Barrier Level, 
Upper Interest Barrier Level, Interest 
Barrier 
Level, 
Specified 
Interest 
Barrier Observation Date: 
[See Table below] [specify any relevant provisions] 
[See item 14(vi) below] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Non-Contingent Interest Provisions 
where 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.4(a) applies: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Security 
 
(B) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount Payment Dates: 
[⚫] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified 
Following/Preceding/Following] 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Linked Interest Provisions 
where 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.5 applies: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest 
Amount/Interest 
Rate 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/[specify] per 
Security] 
 
(B) 
Interest Period(s): 
[ ⚫] [As defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.28] 
 
(C) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] [See Table below] 
 
(D) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫] [in each year] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
(E) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Australian Bond Basis] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
(F) 
Specified Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify in respect of an Interest Payment Date] 
[[Each] such Valuation Date shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2/specify]] [[In 
respect of an Underlying, each/Each] Scheduled

--- Page 1730 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1704 
 
Trading Day for [the/all the/such] Underlying[s] 
during [specify period].] [The provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 shall not 
apply in respect of [each] such Specified Valuation 
Date] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Strike Dates 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred][the 
Performance-Linked 
Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Specified Interest Strike Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [⚫] [and [⚫]] [[⚫
] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ⚫]] each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Interest 
Underlying which is not a Disrupted Day for that 
Interest Underlying from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)] [ ⚫]] (where a different Specified 
Interest Strike Date applies for any Interest 
Underlying, specify for each Interest Underlying) 
 
[Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike 
Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [⚫] (where a 
different Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike Date 
applies for any Interest Underlying, specify for 
each Interest Underlying)] 
 
(v) 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest, 
Interim Performance Provisions and 
provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) and Interest 
Barrier Events 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(if applicable in respect of different Underlyings, 
Interest Valuation Dates, Interest Payment Dates, 
Interest Barrier Event, Interest Amounts or Interest 
Lock-in Event, repeat item and insert: In respect of 
(insert Underlying, Interest Valuation Date, 
Interest Payment Date, Interest Barrier Event, 
Interest Amount or Interest Lock-in Event as 
applicable):] 
 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest: 
 
 
(A) 
Interest Underlying: 
[[ ⚫]] [The Underlying(s) specified in item 13 
above] [For the purposes of OutPerf A: [⚫] and for 
the purposes of OutPerf B: [⚫] (specify for each 
Interest 
Underlying 
where 
Outperformance 
Provisions apply in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions)] 
 
(B) 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The Interest Underlying/All of the Interest 
Underlyings/Any Interest Underlying/The Interim 
Performance Underlying/Each Interest Underlying

--- Page 1731 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1705 
 
[subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] Interest 
Underlyings][Not Applicable]] 
 
Interim Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs under this heading) 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1732 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1706 
 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
 
IX. 
Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary in respect of each Interest 
Barrier Event and Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Interim Performance 
for that Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with [⚫] highest 
(or [ ⚫] equal [highest / lowest]) 
Interim Performance for that Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interest Underlying) 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Interim Performance 
for that Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interest Underlying) 
 
II. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1733 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1707 
 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [where "Nth" means (specify)]: [(i.e., the 
highest)]] (repeat and complete this sub-paragraph 
as necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked Interest Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1734 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1708 
 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [where "Nth" means (specify)]: [(i.e., the 
lowest)] (repeat and complete this sub-paragraph 
as necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked Interest Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1735 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1709 
 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1736 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1710 
 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance 
for 
that 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
[⚫]%

--- Page 1737 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1711 
 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
[⚫]% 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1738 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1712 
 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1739 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1713 
 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]%

--- Page 1740 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1714 
 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance 
for 
that 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
[⚫]% 
 
 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1741 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1715 
 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1742 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1716 
 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Arithmetic Mean Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1743 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1717 
 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
 
IX. 
Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Underlying Return 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Single Cap – Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single 
Floor 
– 
Single 
Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single 
Cap 
– 
Multiple Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single 
Floor 
– 
Multiple Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater than] 
[less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single Target Interest Threshold Percentage: [⚫]% 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Performance Percentage: 
[⚫]%] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
(Barrier): 
[Barrier 
Event 
Satisfaction Required] [and] [Barrier Event 
Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single Target Underlying Performance (Barrier 
Event [Not] Satisfied) Percentage: [⚫]] (repeat if 
necessary)

--- Page 1744 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1718 
 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple Best 
Performing] 
 
 
[Oasis 
Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis – 
Multiple Best Performing applies: 
 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage 
1. 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[⚫]% 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[⚫]% 
 
(repeat, as necessary, for each Best Oasis 
Performer up to Best Oasis Performer X) 
[X.] 
Best Oasis Performer [X] 
[⚫]% 
  
 
(G) 
Cliquet 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Cliquet Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Sum] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Product] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Product] 
 
 
[Insert if Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, subject to a 
[Maximum Period Performance] [and] [Minimum

--- Page 1745 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1719 
 
Period Performance] [of [ ⚫]%] [and [ ⚫]%, 
respectively]. 
 
 
B is equal to [⚫].] 
 
 
A is equal to [⚫].] 
 
II. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
Cliquet 
Interim 
Performance Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor/Global Lock-in Floor]] 
[Insert 
the 
following 
if 
Cliquet 
Interim 
Performance Floor applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer: Highest 
(or equal highest) [positive] integer] [Lowest (or 
equal lowest) [positive] integer]

--- Page 1746 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1720 
 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Multiple: [ ⚫] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [⚫] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: [⚫]]] 
 
XII. 
Cliquet Underlying 
Return Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[Cliquet A] [Cliquet B] [Cliquet C] [Cliquet A 
Absolute] [Cliquet B Absolute] [Cliquet C 
Absolute] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B or Cliquet B 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest applies. 
 
 
"U" means [⚫]. 
 
 
Number of 
Specified Cliquet 
Interest Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet B 
Highest 
Return 
Decimal: 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert 
decimal] 
[repeat rows for each Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation 
Period if more than 1 applies]] 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest applies. 
 
 
"U" means [⚫]. 
 
 
Number of 
Specified Cliquet 
Interest Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant 
Specified Cliquet 
Interest Valuation 
Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet B 
Lowest 
Return 
Decimal: 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert 
decimal] 
[repeat rows for each Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation 
Period if more than 1 applies]] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C or Cliquet C 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Interest Target: [⚫]

--- Page 1747 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1721 
 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Decimal: [⚫]]. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Cap: [⚫] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Floor: [⚫]] 
 
(H) 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
Asian 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Best of/Worst of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1748 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1722 
 
 
 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Interest Initial Level: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert as appropriate - For the 
purpose of determining [whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of 
[insert relevant Interest Underlying]:] [Closing 
Level on Interest Strike Date/Closing Level on 
Interest Re-Strike Date IPD/ Closing Level on 
Interest Re-Strike Date IVD/Arithmetic Average 
Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates/Lowest 
Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates/Lowest 
Intra-day Level on Interest Strike Dates/Highest 
Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates/Highest 
Intra-day Level on Interest Strike Dates/(specify (in 
table format, where appropriate) for each Interest 
Underlying)] 
 
 
(If no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Interest Strike Dates will need to be specified) 
 
 
(Repeat this sub-paragraph as necessary in respect 
of each Interest Barrier Event and Performance-
Linked Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
[Interest Initial Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Interest 
Initial 
Floor 
Percentage: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [⚫]/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Interest Reference Level: 
[Not Applicable][Insert as appropriate - For the 
purpose of determining [whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of 
[insert relevant Interest Underlying]:] [Closing 
Level on Interest Valuation Date/Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Highest 
Intra-day 
Level 
on 
Interest 
Valuation Dates] (Specify for each Interest 
Underlying) (Repeat this sub-paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier Event 
and Performance-Linked Interest Amount (denoted 
with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(v) 
Provisions relating to an Interest 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1749 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1723 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest Barrier Event: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert Interest 
Payment Date/Interest Valuation Date and/or 
Interest Underlying, as appropriate): [Interest 
Barrier Event European Observation/ Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Interest Barrier Event American 
Performance Observation/Interest Barrier Event 
American Observation – Closing Level/Interest 
Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-Day 
Level/Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level/Interest Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day 
Level] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies.] (Repeat sub-paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier Event 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(B) 
Upper Interest Barrier Level, 
Lower Interest Barrier Level 
and Interest Barrier Level: 
[[Upper/Lower] Interest Barrier Level [1/2]: [⚫] 
[greater than [(or equal to)] [⚫][%] and less than 
[(or equal to)] [⚫][%] [of the Interest Initial Level 
of [the relevant Interest Barrier Underlying]]] 
[[greater than [(or equal to)]] [less than [(or equal 
to)]] [⚫] [%] [of the Interest Initial Level of [the 
relevant Interest Barrier Underlying]] [See Table 
below] (Repeat as necessary) 
 
(C) 
Interest Barrier Event Lock-
In: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Provisions relating to the rate or 
amount of interest due 
 
 
(A) 
Fixed 
Rate 
Securities 
Provisions 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) 
(FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate Securities 
Provisions)] [, subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
8 
(Dual 
Currency 
Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Interest Rate(s): 
[[⚫] [per cent. per annum]] [Fixed Interest Rate 
(Specify Fixed Interest Rate if Accrual is 
applicable)] [As set out in the Table below]] 
(Delete this paragraph if Accrual is specified to be 
not applicable) 
 
[Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which 
the 
Fixed 
Rate 
Securities Provisions apply: 
[[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [
⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [As set out in the [Rate] 
Table below] [, adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
[As set out in item 14(vi)(E)] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Fixed Rate Securities 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest

--- Page 1750 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1724 
 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on 
(and including) the Lock-in Date [[⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]][As set out 
in the [Rate] Table below]] 
 
[EITHER: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Not Applicable 
 
II. 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[⚫] per Security] [As set out in the Table below] 
 
III. 
Lookback 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[Applicable only in 
respect of the Interest Amount[s] payable in respect 
of the following Interest Payment Date[s]: [⚫]] 
[Memory 
Effect: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable only in respect of the 
Interest Amount[s] payable in respect of the 
following Interest Payment Date[s]: [⚫]]] 
[Without 
Memory 
Effect: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable only in respect of the 
Interest Amount[s] payable in respect of the 
following Interest Payment Date[s]: [⚫]]] 
 
IV. 
Multi-Chance 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[OR: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Applicable 
 
II. 
Specified 
Fixed 
Rate(s): 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum] [As set out in the [Rate] 
Table below] 
[For which purpose: 
Margin: [[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum] [As set out 
in the Rate Table below] 
Interest Participation Rate: [[⚫]] [As set out in the 
Rate Table below]] (Delete if not applicable) 
 
III. 
[Range 
Accrual 
Securities: 
[Applicable. For which purpose: 
"Range Accrual Determination Date" 
means [Business Day/calendar day] 
 
 
[Range Accrual Value What You Can 
Observation: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Range Accrual Move in Block Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
"Cut-off Number" means [⚫] Business Days 
 
 
/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: see item 14(vi)(E)]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1751 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1725 
 
 
IV. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[[ ⚫] in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to and including, 
[⚫]]/[⚫] [, adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] [As set 
out in the [Rate] Table below] 
 
V. 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[⚫] per Security[, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [⚫]]][As set out in the Rate 
Table below] [As set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.1(b) (Accrual applicable to 
Fixed Rate Securities)] 
 
VI. 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[⚫] per Security, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [in/on/around] [⚫]] [As set out in the 
Rate Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Interest Amount)] 
 
VII. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]= 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
 
[x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate applies where the 
Securities are Range Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[x Accrual Interest Rate] (Accrual Interest Rate 
applies where the Securities are Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities) 
 
VII. 
[Determination 
Dates: 
[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
VIII. 
Other terms relating 
to the method of 
calculating interest 
for 
Fixed 
Rate 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods / Interest Payment Dates and 
delete columns in respect of items which do not vary)

--- Page 1752 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1726 
 
[Rate Table for Fixed Rate Securities] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate(s)] 
[Interest 
Amount/Broken 
Amount]23 
[Margin]24 
[Interest Participation 
Rate]25  
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount]26 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[⚫] per cent. per 
annum 
[⚫] 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-][[⚫] per cent. 
per annum] 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(B) 
Floating 
Rate 
Securities 
Provisions:  
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) 
(FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) (Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(Q) (Global Interest Floor Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(S) (Global Interest Cap 
Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(T) (Auto Cap 
Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure 
Interest Rate Securities Provisions)] [, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 
(Dual Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest 
Rollup)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Specified Period(s)/ 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) to which the 
Floating 
Rate 
Securities 
Provisions apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 6(d) (Interest Linked Redemption 
Securities)],] [[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]] [As set out in item 14(ii)] [Delayed 
Payment 
applies 
see 
item 
14(vi)(B) 
[([VIII/X/XI/XII]) below] [No Adjustment] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of 
an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Floating Rate Securities 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on 
(and including) the Lock-in Date  
 
23  
Delete if Interest Amount is determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1(b) and/or there is no Broken Amount. 
24  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
25 
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
26  
Insert for Range Accrual Notes where Minimum/Maximum Interest Amount is specified for any Interest Period/Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 1753 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1727 
 
[[ ⚫]/immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[[Each] Interest Payment Date(s)/ [⚫]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] to and 
including, [⚫]] [As set out in the Floating Rate 
Table] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
(Where ISDA Determination applies, the 2021 
Definitions are specified and Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) is the Day Count Fraction, specify No 
Adjustment to follow the standard ISDA election) 
 
III. 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ [other] (give details)/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Manner in which the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination/SOFR Floating Rate Determination/ 
€STR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination/SARON 
Floating Rate Determination/[other] (Give details)]  
 
V. 
Party 
responsible 
for calculating the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
VI. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: see item 14(vi)(E)]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
VII. 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate: 
[insert 
Currency]-
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/ROBOR/TI
BOR/HIBOR][BBSW (being the Sydney average 
mid rate for AUD bills of exchange)][BKBM 
(being the Wellington rate for New Zealand Dollar 
bills of exchange)] [As set out in the Reference 
Rate Table] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫] month [(the "Designated Maturity") (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)][As set 
out in the Reference Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified 
Time: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.28 (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.28 (Definitions)] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1754 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1728 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate Determination is applicable:  
[[Specify e.g. any relevant Valuation Date(s)]/As 
set out in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule/[[
⚫] days on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in [⚫] prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] [First day of each 
Interest Period] [[⚫]]] days on which the T2 is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period]] [As set 
out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the table are different for different Interest Periods) 
[Rate Table for Screen Rate Determination] 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference Rate 
[Specified 
Time]27 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre]28 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]29 
[Page 
[
⚫
] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/ 
not 
adjusted]] 
[[⚫] month [(the Designated 
Maturity) (include where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] 
[insert 
currency] 
[EURIBOR 
/ 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / 
ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the Sydney 
average mid rate for AUD 
bills of exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington rate for 
New Zealand Dollar bills of 
exchange)]] 
[⚫]] 
[⚫] 
 
[⚫]] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
VIII. 
ISDA 
Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, note 
that the Conditions have been reviewed in relation 
to Version 11 dated 26 April 2024 of the 2021 
Definitions and the Floating Rate Matrix. If a later 
version is to be followed, the Conditions should be 
reviewed carefully to ensure compatibility with the 
relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Rate Table below] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
 
27  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
28  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
29  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1755 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1729 
 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
Definitions) 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[ ⚫] [As set out in the Rate Table below] [Not 
Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[⚫][First day of the relevant Interest Period] [Last 
day of the relevant Interest Period] (Specify for a 
Compounded/Average Floating Rate Option, an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option which has an 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method 
or a Compounded Index Floating Rate option) [The 
first day of the next following Interest Period (other 
than the Final Interest Period, in which case, the 
Reset Date will be the [Scheduled] Maturity 
Date)/Arrears Setting] (Specify the first option if 
Arrears Setting applies under the 2021 Definitions 
and the second option under the 2006 Definitions) 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] [subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business Day Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert the 
same Business Day Convention as for Interest 
Period End Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies 
to such dates, in which case delete the reference to 
Business Day Convention so that relevant ISDA 
fallbacks relating to Business Day Conventions 
will apply) 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
4.7 
(Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities)] (Include for Range Accrual (Expanded 
Securities) only) 
 
• 
Fixing Day: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) [As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
4.7 
(Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities)] (Include for Range Accrual (Expanded 
Securities) only) 
 
• 
Fixing Time: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) [As specified out in the Rate 
Table below] 
 
• 
Payment Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(b)(i)] [As set out in the Rate Table 
below] Not Applicable] (Where the 
2006 
Definitions are Applicable, specify not applicable)

--- Page 1756 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1730 
 
[⚫] (specify any other adjustment that should 
apply) 
 
• 
Period 
End 
Date/Terminati
on 
Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable] [As set out in the Rate Table below] 
Not Applicable] (Where the 2006 Definitions are 
Applicable, specify not applicable) 
 
• 
Business 
Day 
(for 
the 
purposes of the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[⚫] [As specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] 
 
• 
Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Floored 
[ISDA 
Rate]/[Interest 
Amount]: 
Applicable] [As set out in the Rate Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (Specify the Interest Period(s) to which 
this applies and the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)/[Not 
Applicable] [As specified in the Rate Table below] 
 
• 
Compounding/ 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging 
Table 
below] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method" is applicable. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[⚫] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lookback 
or Averaging with Lookback) 
 
- 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[[⚫] Observation Period Shift Business Days] /[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [⚫]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1757 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1731 
 
(Applicable 
only 
for 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift) 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[⚫] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified 
in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [⚫]/ [Applicable 
Business Days]] (Specify Applicable Business Days 
unless the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
 
- 
[Average 
Rate 
Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period or 
in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [ ⚫] Applicable 
Business Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first day 
of the next following Interest Period or in the case 
of the final Interest Period, the Termination Date]]] 
(Only include if the 2006 Definitions apply and the 
specified Floating Rate Option is a Published 
Average Rate)] 
 
- 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable] [As set out in the Floating Rate Table 
below] [Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[⚫] Business Days] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.28 (Definitions)]] 
(Only applicable for OIS Compounding or 
Overnight Averaging) 
 
- 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable] [As set out in the Floating Rate Table 
below] Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate 
and Daily Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: [⚫]%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [⚫]%] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[ ⚫]] (Only relevant where an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" applies. If not included this 
will be the denominator of the Day Count Fraction) 
 
• 
Index 
provisions: 
[Applicable] [As set out in the Rate Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate 
Option and an Index Method. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (May only be selected if 
the 2021 Definitions are specified)/[All-in] 
Compounded Index Method/Compounded Index 
Method 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/[As

--- Page 1758 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1732 
 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]] [As 
specified in the Index Provisions Table below] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Not Applicable should be specified unless the 
standard position under the ISDA Definitions is to 
be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[⚫] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [⚫]]] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[⚫]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction) 
 
• 
 
 
 
[Rate Table for ISDA Determination] 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s) 
ISDA 
Definiti
ons 
and 
Floatin
g Rate 
Option 
Design
ated 
Matur
ity 
Reset 
Date 
[Payment 
Date] 
[Period 
End 
Date/Term
ination 
Date] 
Adjustmen
t for 
Unschedul
ed 
Holiday: 
[[Fixin
g 
Day/Fi
xing 
Time] 
Compounding 
/Averaging 
Index 
Provisi
ons 
[Busines
s Days 
(for the 
purpose
s of the 
ISDA 
Definiti
ons) 
Floored 
ISDA 
[Rate][A
mount] 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation 
[⚫] 
[adjuste
d in 
accorda
nce 
with 
[specify 
Busines
s Day 
Convent
ion] / 
No 
Adjust
ment]] 
[2006] 
[2021] 
Definiti
ons:[ ⚫
] 
[⚫
][Not 
Applic
able] 
[⚫] 
[First 
day of 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period] 
[subject 
to 
adjustm
ent in 
accorda
nce 
with the 
[specify 
Busines
s Day 
Conven
tion]] 
(See 
item 
14(vi)(B
)VIII for 
addition
al 
options) 
[Applicable
] [Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] [As 
specified 
in the 
2021 
Definitio
ns] [Not 
Applicab
le]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(If applicable, 
include the 
Compounding/
Averaging 
Table below) 
[Applic
able] 
[Not 
Applica
ble] 
(If 
applica
ble, 
include 
the 
Index 
Provisi
ons 
Table 
below) 
[As set 
out in 
the 
[2006][2
021] 
[Definiti
ons]]] 
[⚫
][Applica
ble] [Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[Applicable 
(Specify the 
Interest 
Period(s) to 
which this 
applies and the 
Shorter 
Designated 
Maturity and the 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
[Compounding/Averaging Table] 
Interest 
Period 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
Overnig
ht Rate 
Compou
Overnig
ht Rate 
Averagi
Lookbac
k 
Observa
tion 
Lockout 
[Averag
e Rate 
Delayed 
Payment 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
[Day Count 
Basis

--- Page 1759 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1733 
 
End 
Date(s) 
nding 
Method 
ng 
Method 
Period 
Shift 
Fixing 
Day 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate 
[⚫] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordan
ce with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Conventi
on] / No 
Adjustm
ent]] 
[⚫] 
[OIS 
Compou
nding/Co
mpoundi
ng with 
Lookbac
k/Compo
unding 
with 
Observat
ion 
Period 
Shift/Co
mpoundi
ng with 
Lockout/
Not 
Applicab
le] 
[Overnig
ht 
Averagin
g/Averag
ing with 
Lookbac
k/Averag
ing with 
Observat
ion 
Period 
Shift/Av
eraging 
with 
Lockout/
Not 
Applicab
le] 
[[⚫] 
Applicab
le 
Business 
Days]/[A
s 
specified 
in the 
[2006][2
021] 
Definitio
ns]/[Not 
Applicab
le] 
[[⚫] 
Observat
ion 
Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days] 
/[As 
specified 
in the 
[2006][2
021] 
Definitio
ns]/[Not 
Applicab
le] 
 
[Set-in-
Advance: 
[Applica
ble/Not 
Applicab
le] 
 
[Observa
tion 
Period 
Shift 
Addition
al 
Business 
Days: [⚫
]/[Not 
Applicab
le]] 
[[⚫] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[A
s 
specified 
in the 
[2006][2
021] 
Definitio
ns]/[Not 
Applicab
le] 
[⚫]] 
[Applica
ble] [Not 
Applicab
le] 
[Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): [
⚫]] 
[Applica
ble]/[Not 
Applicab
le] 
 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: [⚫
]%] 
 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: [⚫
]%] 
[[⚫]] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
[Index Provisions Table] 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Floating Rate 
Option 
Index Method 
[Day Count Basis 
 
 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day Convention]  / 
No Adjustment] 
[⚫] 
[Standard Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index Method with 
Observation Period 
Shift/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] 
Definitions]] 
[⚫]] 
 
 
 
 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
 
 
 
Observation Period 
Shift: [[⚫] 
Observation Period 
Shift Business 
Days]/[As specified 
in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Observation Period 
Shift Additional 
Business Days: [⚫]]] 
 
 
 
(Repeat as required)

--- Page 1760 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1734 
 
 
IX. 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SONIA] [As set out in the Compounding Table] 
 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Compounding Table below] 
 
• 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Compounding Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
• 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Lag): 
[Applicable][As set out in the Compounding Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫]/[SONIAOSR=][Not Applicable][As set out in 
the Compounding Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable)  
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert where Index Determination does not apply: 
Fifth London Banking Day prior to the end of each 
Interest Period] [Insert where Index Determination 
applies: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Final 
Interest Period End Date for which purpose 
"Relevant Number" means [insert number being 
two or greater]] [⚫][As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.28 (Definitions) [for which 
purpose "Relevant Number" means [insert 
number being two or greater]]] [As set out in the 
Compounding Table] 
 
X. 
SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable] [As set out in the Compounding 
Table] Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SOFR][As set out in the Compounding Table] 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Not Applicable/SOFR OIS Compounding/SOFR 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/SOFR 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift][As 
set out in the Compounding Table] 
(Specify not applicable where Index Determination 
is applicable)

--- Page 1761 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1735 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days][As set out in the Compounding 
Table]  
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is SOFR OIS Compounding or Index 
Determination is applicable. N.B. must be at least 
two such relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Compounding Table] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index 
Determination: 
Second 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End 
Date and "Relevant Number" means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
[ ⚫] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.28 (Definitions)] [As set out in the 
Compounding Table below] 
 
• 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable] [As set out in the Compounding Table 
below] [Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.28 (Definitions)] [⚫] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] 
(Applicable where SOFR OIS Compounding is the 
Compounding Method) 
 
• 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Compounding Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Compounding Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XI. 
€STR Floating Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate: 
[€STR] [As set out in the Compounding Table 
below] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method 
[€STR OIS Compounding/€STR Compounding 
with 
Lookback/€STR 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift] [As set out in the 
Compounding Table below]

--- Page 1762 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1736 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[ ⚫] T2 Business Days] [As set 
out in the Compounding Table below] 
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is €STR OIS Compounding. N.B. must be 
at least two such relevant days to allow clearing 
system payments) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ⚫] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.28 (Definitions)] (Applicable only 
where 
€STR 
OIS 
Compounding 
is 
the 
Compounding Method) [As set out in the 
Compounding Table below] 
 
• 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Compounding Table below] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.28 
(Definitions)] [[⚫] T2 Business Days]  
€STR Reference Rate Cut-Off Date: [⚫] [2] T2 
Business Days] 
(Applicable where €STR OIS Compounding is the 
Compounding Method) 
 
• 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Compounding Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Compounding Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
XII. 
SARON 
Floating 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SARON] [As set out in the Compounding Table 
below] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method 
[SARON 
OIS 
Compounding/ 
SARON 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/ 
SARON 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift] [As 
set out in the Compounding Table below] 
 
• 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫] Zurich Banking Days] [As 
set out in the Compounding Table below] 
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is SARON OIS Compounding. N.B. must be 
at least two such relevant days to allow clearing 
system payments) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.28 (Definitions)] (Applicable only 
where 
SARON 
OIS 
Compounding 
is 
the

--- Page 1763 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1737 
 
Compounding Method) [As set out in the 
Compounding Table below] 
 
• 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Compounding Table below] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.28 
(Definitions)] [[⚫] Zurich Banking Days] 
SARON Reference Rate Cut-Off Date: [ ⚫] [2] 
Zurich Banking Days] 
(Applicable where SARON OIS Compounding is 
the Compounding Method) 
 
• 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Compounding Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Compounding Table below] 
[Not Applicable]  
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods 
and delete columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
 
Compounding Table 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Rate 
[Page 
Compoundi
ng Method 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period 
Index 
Determinati
on 
Interest 
Determinati
on Dates 
Delayed 
Payment 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate and/or 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate 
[⚫] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
/ No 
Adjustment]
] 
[SONIA] 
[SOFR] [€
STR] 
[SARON] 
[⚫] [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounde
d Daily 
SONIA 
([Shift/Lag]) 
- Applicable] 
[SOFR] [€
STR] 
[SARON] 
[OIS 
Compoundin
g/Compound
ing with 
Lookback/C
ompounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫] [U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days] [T2 
Business 
Days] 
[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] [As 
specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.28 
(Definitions)
] 
 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): [[⚫
] [U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days] [T2 
Business 
Days] 
[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]] [As 
specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.28 
(Definitions)
] 
[[€STR] 
[SARON] 
Reference 
Rate Cut-Off 
Date: [⚫] [2] 
[T2 Business 
Days] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: [⚫]%] 
 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: [⚫]%]

--- Page 1764 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1738 
 
[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
XIII. 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
XIV. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable in respect of the 
[Screen Rate] [ISDA Rate] [SONIA Floating Rate] 
[SONIA Index Floating Rate] [SOFR  Floating 
Rate] [SOFR Index Floating Rate] [€STR Floating 
Rate] [SARON Floating Rate]: [[+/-][⚫] per cent. 
per annum] [As set out in the [Rate] Table below] 
 
XV. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
(IPR): 
[⚫] [As set out in the [Rate] Table below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XVI. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Floating 
Interest 
Rate): 
[⚫] [As set out in the [Rate] Table below] 
[See item 14(vi)(E)] (insert for Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities) [Not Applicable] 
 
XVII. 
Maximum Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Floating 
Interest 
Rate): 
[⚫][As set out in the [Rate] Table below] 
[See item 14(vi)(E)] (insert for Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities) [Not Applicable] 
 
XVIII. Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Australian Bond Basis] (May be selected only if 
the 2006 Definitions are specified) 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
 
[Calculation/252] 
 
 
[RBA Bond Basis] (May be selected only if the 
2021 Definitions are specified) 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] 
 
 
(See Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.28 
(Definitions) 
for 
alternatives 
and, 
where 
applicable, match Day Count Fraction set out in

--- Page 1765 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1739 
 
the ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
Floating Rate Matrix) 
 
XIX. 
Fallback provisions, 
rounding provisions 
and 
other 
terms 
relating 
to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest 
on Floating Rate 
Securities, 
if 
different from those 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Schedule: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete columns in respect 
of items which do not vary) 
 
[Rate Table for Floating Rate Securities] 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Relevant Rate 
[Margin 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (IPR) 
[Minimum 
Interest Rate 
(for the Floating 
Interest Rate) 
[Maximum 
Interest Rate 
(for the Floating 
Interest Rate) 
[Day Count 
Fraction 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/No 
Adjustment]] 
 
[Screen 
Rate]/[ISDA 
Rate]/[SONIA 
Floating 
Rate]/[SONIA 
Index Floating 
Rate]/[SOFR  
Floating 
Rate]/[SOFR 
Index Floating 
Rate]/[€STR 
Floating 
Rate]/[SARON 
Floating Rate] 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per cent. 
per annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[⚫]] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(C) 
CMS 
Rate 
Securities 
provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) 
(FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) (Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(Q) (Global Interest Floor Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(S) (Global Interest Cap 
Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(T) (Auto Cap 
Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure 
Interest Rate Securities Provisions)] [, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 
(Dual Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest 
Rollup)]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) to which the 
CMS 
Rate 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 6(d) (Interest Linked Redemption 
Securities)],] [[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in

--- Page 1766 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1740 
 
Securities 
Provisions apply: 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]  
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of 
an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the CMS Rate Securities 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on 
(and including) the Lock-in Date [[⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to and including, 
[⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted]  
[As set out in the Rate Table below] 
 
III. 
Party 
responsible 
for calculating the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: see item 14(vi)(E)]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
V. 
CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS 
Reference 
Rate [1]"] (If CMS 
Interest Rate is "Worse 
of CMS Interest Rates" 
or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest Rate", insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 
2"] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert this column) 
 
• 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/ 
JPY 
10:00/ 
JPY 
15:00/ 
USD 
SOFR/Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/ JPY 10:00/ 
JPY 
15:00/ 
USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] [month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫] [month[s]/year[s]] 
 
• 
[Relevant Financial Centre:] (Insert if 
Relevant Swap Rate is Mid-Market 
Swap Rate) 
[ ⚫][As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 
4.28 (Definitions) 
[ ⚫][As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
4.28 
(Definitions) 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫]

--- Page 1767 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1741 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]] [⚫] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]] [⚫] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Minimum Reference Rate (for the 
CMS Reference Rate): 
[⚫] [As set out in the 
Rate 
Table 
below] 
[Not Applicable]  
[⚫] [As set out in the Rate 
Table 
below] 
[Not 
Applicable]  
 
• 
Maximum Reference Rate (for the 
CMS Reference Rate): 
[⚫][As set out in the 
Rate Table below][Not 
Applicable]  
[⚫][As set out in the Rate 
Table 
below] 
[Not 
Applicable]  
 
• 
Margin (for the CMS Reference Rate): 
[Not Applicable] [[+/-
][ ⚫] per cent. per 
annum] [As set out in 
the Rate Table below] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] 
per cent. per annum] [As 
set out in the Rate Table 
below]] 
 
• 
Interest Participation Rate (for the 
CMS Reference Rate): 
[⚫] [As set out in the 
Rate 
Table 
below] 
[Not Applicable] 
[⚫] [As set out in the Rate 
Table 
below] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
I. 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] (specify for 
each short or long interest period) 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate (for the CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [See item 14(vi)(E)] (insert for Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities) [As set out in the Rate Table 
below] [Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Interest 
Rate (for the CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [See item 14(vi)(E)] (insert for Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities) [As set out in the Rate Table 
below] [Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
V. 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete columns in respect 
of items which do not vary

--- Page 1768 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1742 
 
[Rate Table for CMS Rate Securities] 
 
CMS Reference Rate [1] 
[CMS Reference Rate 2 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[Minimum/
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
[Margin [1] 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate)] 
[Interest 
Participatio
n Rate [1] 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate)] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate (for the 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate)] 
[Margin 2 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate)] 
[Interest 
Participatio
n Rate 2 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate)] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate (for 
the CMS 
Reference 
Rate)] 
[⚫]  
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/
not 
adjusted]] 
[⚫]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(D) 
Spread 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual 
Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
in 
relation 
to 
which 
the 
Spread 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period from, 
and including, [⚫] to but excluding, [⚫]] [⚫] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Spread Securities Provisions 
only apply where the relevant Interest Period falls 
during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] [the Changed 
Interest Basis Period beginning on (and including) the 
Lock-in Date [[⚫]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in 
Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
[See item 14(vi)(E) below]  
 
II. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities)],] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]  
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies,

--- Page 1769 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1743 
 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[See item 14(vi)(E) below] 
 
III. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] 
[See item 14(vi)(E) below]  
 
IV. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere and delete if not 
required) 
[See item 14(vi)(E) below] 
 
V. 
Margin(s) 
(Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum] [As set 
out in the Rate Table below] 
 
VI. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫][As set out in the Rate Table below] [Not 
Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Relevant 
Spread Rate: 
[Option One] [No Option One] [Spread Cap] 
 
 
[Where Spread Cap is applicable, include the 
following sub-paragraphs: 
 
• 
V% 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Multiplier: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Spread 
Cap 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum] [As set 
out in the Rate Table below]

--- Page 1770 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1744 
 
 
• 
Rate X: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
• 
Rate Y: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
• 
Rate Z: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3]] 
 
VIII. 
Spread Rate 1: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 1 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 1 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 1 
Margin: 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
IX. 
Spread Rate 2: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 2 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 2 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 2 
Margin: 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
X. 
Spread Rate 3: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 3 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 3 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Spread Rate 3 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 3 
Margin: 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
XI. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
XII. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫][Not Applicable][As set out in the Rate Table 
below]  
(Insert the following if any relevant rate is determined 
by reference to provisions relating to Spread Security 
or specified as Spread Reference Rate) 
 
XIII. 
[Spread 
Reference Rate 
in respect of 
Spread 
Rate 
[1/2/3]: 
(Specify whether Spread Reference Rate is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 
2 and, in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a 
Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate 
and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA, 
Determination, SONIA Floating Rate Determination, 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating

--- Page 1771 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1745 
 
Rate Determination or SARON Floating Rate 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details specified below as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required)] (Include and repeat as 
necessary) 
 
 
(Where the Spread Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest 
Rate (where accrual is applicable), include the 
relevant information from item 14(vi)(A), including 
any Table) 
 
 
(Where the Spread Reference Rate is a Floating Rate 
for which Screen Rate Determination applies, include 
the information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table) 
 
 
(Where the Spread Reference Rate is a Floating Rate 
for which ISDA Determination applies, include the 
applicable information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and 
items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any 
Table) 
 
 
(Where the Spread Reference Rate is a Floating Rate 
for which SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating Rate 
Determination 
or 
SARON 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)IX to 14(vi)(B)XII and 
items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any 
Table) 
 
 
(Where the Spread Reference Rate is a CMS Interest 
Rate, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(C)V, including any Table) 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete 
columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
[Rate Table for Spread Securities] 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Relevant Spread 
Rate] 
[Margin (Spread 
Interest Rate)] 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest 
Rate)] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Interest Rate (for 
the Spread Interest 
Rate)] 
[ ⚫] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[No] [Option One] / 
[Spread 
Cap] 
applicable [For which 
purpose 
the 
Spread 
Cap Margin is [⚫]] 
[Not 
Applicable/[+/-
][⚫] per cent. per 
annum] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][
⚫] per cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete 
columns in respect of items which do not vary. Insert additional columns for Spread Rate 2 and Spread Rate 3, as 
applicable) 
 
[Spread Rate [1/2/3]

--- Page 1772 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1746 
 
 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
[Spread Rate [1/2/3] Margin] 
[Spread Rate [1/2/3] Interest Participation Rate]  
 
 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
+/- [specify] 
[specify] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(E) 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual 
Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Range Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [Each Interest Period falling during the 
period from, and including, [⚫] to, but excluding, [⚫]] 
[[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] 
to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]  
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning 
on (and including) the Lock-in Date [[⚫]/ 
immediately succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[Fixed Interest 
Rate: 
see 
item 
 
14(vi)(A)) 
above/Floating Interest Rate: see item 14(vi)(B) 
above/CMS Interest Rate: see item 14(vi)(C) above] 
[Synthetic Forward interest Rate: see item 14(vi)(M) 
below] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
 
III. 
Single 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1773 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1747 
 
 
IV. 
Dual Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Reference 
Observation [1] 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[specify what the Reference Observation will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7(c)] 
[if applicable specify details of the or each Reference 
Rate and where there is more than one Reference 
Rate, whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period.] 
[See item 13 above for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
[If Dual Reference Observation is specified to be 
applicable, specify what the Reference Observation 
will be for each of Reference Observation 1 and 
Reference Observation 2 below and if Triple 
Reference Observation is specified to be applicable, 
specify what the Reference Observation will be for 
each of Reference Observations 1, Reference 
Observation 2 and Reference Observation 3 below] 
 
 
Barrier 
[1] 
(insert "Barrier 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Barrier 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Barrier [1]/Greater than or equal to 
the Barrier [1]/Less than the Barrier [1]/Less than or 
equal to the Barrier [1]] (insert "Barrier 1" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Lower Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Lower 
Range 
1 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range [1]] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1774 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1748 
 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Upper Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Upper 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
[1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate 
[1] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]): 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable) 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/[[Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate]: see item 14(vi)(D)]] 
[Not Applicable]  
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [1], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is (i) a Fixed 
Interest Rate (where accrual is applicable), include 
the relevant information from item 14(vi)(A), 
including any Table, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate for 
which Screen Rate Determination applies, include the 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, 
(iii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA Determination 
applies, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
and 
items 
14(vi)(B)XIV 
to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or (iv) a CMS 
Interest Rate, include the applicable information from 
item 14(vi)(C)V, including any Table, as required. If 
there is more than one Reference Rate [1], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [1])  
(NB: Where a Reference Rate is a Floating Rate for 
which ISDA Determination applies, specify each 
Interest Observation Date as the Reset Date and do 
not specify the Fixing Day)

--- Page 1775 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1749 
 
 
[Reference 
Rate 
2 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]):] (insert if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/[[Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate]: see item 14(vi)(D)]] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 2 by 
including the information described in the paragraph 
above for Reference Rate 2, including any Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate 2, repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate 2) 
 
(if "Dual Reference Observation" is applicable insert the following paragraphs for Reference 
Observation 2 and, if "Triple Reference Observation" is applicable, repeat for Reference 
Observation 3) 
 
VII. 
[Reference 
Observation 
[2/3]: 
[specify what the Reference Observation [2/3] will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7(c)] 
[If applicable, and specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one Reference 
Rate whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period] 
 
 
[Barrier [2/3]:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
1 
is 
specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier [2/3] is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier [2/3]/Greater than or equal 
to the Barrier [2/3]/Less than the Barrier [2/3]/Less 
than or equal to the Barrier [2/3]]  
 
[Lower Range 
[2/3]:] (insert if 
Lower Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Lower Range 
[2/3] Option:] 
(insert if Lower 
Range 
2 
is 
specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range [2/3]] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Upper Range 
[2/3]:] (insert if 
Upper Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Upper Range 
[2/3] Option:] 
(insert if Upper 
Range 
2 
is 
specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
[2/3]] [Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate 
1 
(for 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/[[Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread

--- Page 1776 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1750 
 
Reference 
Observation 
[2/3]): 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate]: see item 14(vi)(D)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [1], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate: (i) is a Fixed 
Interest Rate (where accrual is applicable), include 
the relevant information from item 14(vi)(A), 
including any Table, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate for 
which Screen Rate Determination applies, include the 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, 
(iii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA Determination 
applies, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
and 
items 
14(vi)(B)XIV 
to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or (iv) a CMS 
Interest Rate, include the applicable information from 
item 14(vi)(C)V, including any Table, as required. If 
there is more than one Reference Rate [1], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [1])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [1] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
[Reference 
Rate 
2 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[2/3]):] (insert 
if applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see item 14(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 2 by 
including the information described in the paragraph 
above for Reference Rate 2, including any Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate 2, repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate 2)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
 
VIII. 
Lev: 
[[⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Adj: 
[[⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
RA Cap: 
[[⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
RA Floor: 
[[⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
XII. 
Protected 
Range Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protection Level: [[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range 
Accrual Table below] (Specify for 
each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table 
below)]

--- Page 1777 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1751 
 
 
XIII. 
Accrual Days: 
[calendar days/Business Days] 
 
XIV. 
Accrual 
Business 
Day 
Centre: 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] (N.B. this relates to the 
definition of "Accrual Business Day", specify this if 
the Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date is a specified 
number of Accrual Business Days. This is not 
applicable if the Accrual Cut-Off Date is the 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date) 
 
XV. 
Accrual 
Cut-
Off Date: 
[Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date] [Default Accrual 
Cut-Off Date]  
(the "Accrual Cut-Off Date" is the specified number 
of calendar days or Accrual Business Days preceding 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period (Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date) and shall be five Accrual Days 
if "Default Accrual Cut-Off Date" is specified) 
 
• 
Specified 
Accrual 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[ ⚫] [calendar day/Accrual Business Day] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XVI. 
Any or All: 
[Any][All][Not Applicable] 
(Include where Reference Observation is a basket of 
two or more Reference Rates) 
 
XVII. 
Minimum 
Interest Rate: 
[See 
item 
[14(vi)(B)/14(vi)(C) 
above] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
XVIII. Maximum 
Interest Rate: 
[See 
item 
[14(vi)(B)/14(vi)(C) 
above] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
XIX. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
XX. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete 
columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
[Range Accrual Table] 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
[Lev] 
[Adj] 
[RA Cap] 
[RA Floor] 
[Protection 
Level] 
 [⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
 
[specify] 
[specify] 
[specify]  
[specify]  
[specify] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete 
columns in respect of items which do not vary. Insert additional columns for Accrual Condition 2 and Accrual 
Condition 3, as applicable) 
 
[Range Accrual Table]

--- Page 1778 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1752 
 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest 
Rate] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
Amount 
[Maximum 
Interest 
Amount 
Accrual Condition [1/2/3] 
[Reference 
Observation 
[1/2/3]] 
[Barrier 
[1/2/3]] 
[Lower 
Range 
[1/2/3]] 
[Upper 
Range 
[1/2/3]] 
[⚫] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]
/No 
Adjustment]
] 
[specify] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]
] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(F) 
Buy the Dip Securities 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Coupon Rate: [[⚫]] per cent.]/[See Table below]  
 
(G) 
Inflation Rate Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(T) (Auto Cap Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual 
Currency 
Securities)] 
[14(vi)(W) 
(Interest 
Rollup)]]]  
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Inflation 
Rate 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 6(d) (Interest Linked Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of 
an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Inflation Rate Securities 
Provisions only apply to the Interest Payment 
Date(s) where the related Interest Period falls 
during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] [the 
Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) the Lock-in Date [[ ⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]]]

--- Page 1779 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1753 
 
 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] to and 
including, [ ⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Interest 
Amount 
Inflation Index: 
[specify Underlying] 
 
IV. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] [As 
set out in the Rate Table below] 
 
V. 
UCL 
Numerator: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert 
Interest Payment Date):] [[ ⚫] months/[ ⚫] 
[Reference Month: [⚫]]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table below]] 
 
VI. 
UCL 
Denominator: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert 
Interest Payment Date):] [[ ⚫] months/[ ⚫] 
[Reference Month: [⚫]]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table below]] 
 
VII. 
UCL 
Adjustment: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert 
Interest Payment Date):] [[+/-][⚫]/[As set out in 
the Rate Table below]] 
 
VIII. 
DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
IX. 
IPR: 
[ ⚫][As set out in the Rate Table below][Not 
Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Rate Table below] [Not Applicable] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
specify 'Not Applicable') 
 
XI. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Rate Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete columns in 
respect of items which do not vary) 
[Rate Table for Inflation Rate Securities] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[UCL 
Numerator] 
[UCL 
Denominator] 
[UCL 
Adjustment] 
[Margin] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount]

--- Page 1780 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1754 
 
[⚫]  [adjusted 
in accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/no
t adjusted]] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
(H) 
DIR Inflation Linked 
Interest 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual 
Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]]  
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which the DIR 
Inflation 
Linked Interest 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the DIR Inflation Linked 
Interest Securities Provisions only apply to the 
Interest Payment Date(s) where the related Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) the Lock-in Date [[ ⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3] [⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/ [ ⚫]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [ ⚫] to and 
including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
III. 
DIR Index: 
[Specify Underlying] 
 
IV. 
Base 
Index 
Figure: 
[⚫] 
 
V. 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable / [+1-] [⚫] per amount per annum] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] 
 
VI. 
Index Month A: 
[Specify number of calendar months] calendar months 
 
VII. 
Index Month B: 
[Specify number of calendar months] calendar months

--- Page 1781 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1755 
 
 
VIII. 
DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
IX. 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (IPR): 
[ ⚫] [As set out in the Rate Table below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] [Not Applicable] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
specify 'Not Applicable') 
 
XI. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete 
columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
[Rate Table for DIR Inflation Linked Interest Securities] 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[Margin] 
[Interest Participation Rate 
(IPR)] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount] 
[⚫] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][ ⚫] 
per cent. per annum] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(I) 
Digital 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual 
Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in

--- Page 1782 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1756 
 
which 
the 
Digital 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Digital Securities Provisions 
only apply where the relevant Interest Period falls 
during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] [the Changed 
Interest Basis Period beginning on (and including) the 
Lock-in Date [[⚫]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in 
Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [ ⚫] to and 
including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]] [No Adjustment] [As set 
out in the Rate Table below] 
 
III. 
Back Up Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Include details of the Back Up Rate, including any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the Back 
Up Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required. In all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the Spread 
Securities Provisions as appropriate] 
 
IV. 
Digital 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Include details of the Digital Reference Rate, 
including any relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. 
If the Digital Reference Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest 
Rate (where accrual is applicable), include the 
relevant information from item 14(vi)(A), including 
any Table, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate for which 
Screen Rate Determination applies, include the 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, 
(iii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA Determination 
applies, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
and 
items 
14(vi)(B)XIV 
to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or (iv) a CMS

--- Page 1783 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1757 
 
Interest Rate, include the applicable information from 
item 14(vi)(C)V, including any Table, as required. In 
all cases this would include being determined by 
reference to the Spread Securities Provisions as 
appropriate] 
[Where the Digital Reference Rate is an FX Rate: See 
item 13 for details of the FX Rate] 
 
V. 
Reserve Rate: 
 
 
 
[Include details of whether the Reserve Rate will be 
the sum of more than one rate (each a "Specified 
Rate") or one rate less another rate (each a 
"Specified Rate") and of any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, Interest Participation 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the Reserve Rate or each 
Specified Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where 
accrual 
is 
applicable), 
include 
the 
relevant 
information from item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, 
(ii) a Floating Interest Rate for which Screen Rate 
Determination applies, include the information from 
item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, (iii) a Floating 
Rate for which ISDA Determination applies, include 
the applicable information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII 
and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including 
any Table or (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the 
applicable 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(C)V, 
including any Table, as required. In all cases this 
would include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Securities Provisions as appropriate] 
 
VI. 
Digital Rate: 
 
 
 
[Include details of the Digital Rate, including any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the 
Digital Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where 
accrual 
is 
applicable), 
include 
the 
relevant 
information from item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, 
(ii) a Floating Interest Rate for which Screen Rate 
Determination applies, include the information from 
item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, (iii) a Floating 
Rate for which ISDA Determination applies, include 
the applicable information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII 
and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including 
any Table or (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the 
applicable 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(C)V, 
including any Table, as required. In all cases this 
would include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Securities Provisions as appropriate] 
 
VII. 
Reserve 
Rate 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Reserve Rate/Greater than or equal 
to the Reserve Rate/Less than the Reserve Rate/Less 
than or equal to the Reserve Rate]

--- Page 1784 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1758 
 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Digital 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] [As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Digital 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] [As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
X. 
Digital 
Determination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
XI. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (Insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete 
columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
 
[Rate Table for Digital Securities] 
Interest Period End Date(s) 
[Minimum Interest Rate (for the 
Digital Interest Rate) 
[Maximum Interest Rate (for the 
Digital Interest Rate) 
[⚫] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(J) 
Digital Band Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in

--- Page 1785 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1759 
 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual 
Currency 
Securities)] 
[14(vi)(W) 
(Interest 
Rollup)]][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Digital 
Band 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Digital Band Securities 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) the Lock-in Date [[ ⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][ ⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [ ⚫] to and 
including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]] [No Adjustment] 
 
III. 
Reference Rate 
Only 
or 
Reference Rate 
1 
minus 
Reference Rate 
2: 
[Reference Rate Only/Reference Rate 1 minus 
Reference Rate 2] applicable 
 
IV. 
[Reference 
Rate [1]:] 
[Include details of each Reference Rate or Reference 
Rate 1, including any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the relevant Reference Rate or 
Reference Rates 1 is a (i) a Floating Interest Rate for 
which Screen Rate Determination applies, include the 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, 
(ii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA Determination 
applies, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
and 
items 
14(vi)(B)XIV 
to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or (iii) a CMS 
Interest Rate, include the applicable information from 
item 14(vi)(C)V, including any Table, as required] 
(Where there are different Reference Rate(s) or 
Reference Rate 1(s) or different Interest Periods 
and/or Interest Payment Dates, specify in relation to 
each Reference Rate(s) or Reference Rate 1(s), the

--- Page 1786 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1760 
 
Interest Period(s) and/or Interest Payment Dates, to 
which it applies)  
[Where the Reference Rate is an FX Rate: See item 13 
for details of the FX Rate] 
 
V. 
[Reference 
Rate 2:] 
[Include details of each Reference Rate 2, including 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the 
relevant Reference Rate 2 is a (i) a Floating Interest 
Rate for which Screen Rate Determination applies, 
include the information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and 
items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any 
Table, (ii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA 
Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iii) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required] 
(Where there are different Reference Rate 2s, for 
different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment 
Dates specify in relation to each Reference Rate 2, the 
Interest Period(s) and/or Interest Payment Dates, to 
which it applies) 
 
VI. 
Bands: 
(Where there are different Bands for different Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, specify in 
relation to each Band the Interest Period and/or 
Interest Payment Dates to which it applies) 
 
 
(i) 
Band 1: [The Reference Rate] [Reference 
Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2] is [less than] 
[less than or equal to] [⚫] [per cent.]; 
(ii) 
Band 2: [The Reference Rate] [Reference 
Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2] is [greater 
than][greater than or equal to] [⚫] but [less 
than] [less than or equal to] [⚫] [per cent.]; 
(iii) 
[(only include Band 3 if applicable): [The 
Reference Rate] [Reference Rate 1 minus 
Reference Rate 2] is [greater than][greater 
than or equal to] [⚫] [but] [less than] [less 
than or equal to] [⚫] [per cent.];] 
(if there are additional bands occurring after band 3 
but before the last occurring band which shall be as 
described below repeat (iii) above for such additional 
bands but with the relevant band levels) 
[(iv)] 
[[⚫] Band [⚫] (to be numerically labelled as 
the last band so if four bands in total this 
would be "Band 4") [The Reference Rate] 
[Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2] 
is [greater than] [greater than or equal to] [⚫
] [per cent.]

--- Page 1787 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1761 
 
 
VII. 
Band Rate in 
relation to Band 
1: 
(Where there are different Band Rates for different 
Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, 
specify in relation to each Band Rate the Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates to which it 
applies) 
[Specify whether the Band Rate for Band 1 will be a 
single Band Rate or will be Band Rate One minus 
Band Rate Two and include relevant information 
below, as applicable] 
 
[Band Rate One:] (Delete 
if Band Rate is a single 
Band Rate) 
[Include details of the single Band Rate or Band Rate 
One, including any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the single Band Rate or Band Rate 
One is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required] 
 
[Band 
Rate 
Two:] 
[Include details of Band Rate Two, including any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If Band 
Rate Two is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual 
is applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required]  
(Delete if Band Rate is a single Band Rate) 
 
VIII. 
Band Rate in 
relation to Band 
[2/3/[⚫] etc.]: 
[Specify whether the Band Rate for Band [2/3/[⚫]] 
will be a single Band Rate or will be Band Rate One 
minus Band Rate Two and include relevant 
information below, as applicable] 
 
[Band Rate One:] (Delete 
if Band Rate is a single 
Band Rate) 
[Include details of the single Band Rate or Band Rate 
One, including any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the single Band Rate or Band Rate

--- Page 1788 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1762 
 
One is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required] 
 
[Band 
Rate 
Two:] 
[Include details of Band Rate Two, including any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If Band 
Rate Two is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual 
is applicable), include the relevant information from 
item  14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required]  
(Delete if Band Rate is a single Band Rate) 
 
 
(Repeat for all relevant Bands) 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Digital 
Band 
Interest 
Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Digital 
Bank 
Interest 
Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(K) 
Inverse Floating Rate 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual

--- Page 1789 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1763 
 
Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Inverse Floating Rate 
Securities Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning 
on (and including) the Lock-in Date [[⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]] [No Adjustment] 
 
III. 
Inverse 
Fixed 
Rate: 
[⚫][As set out in the Rate Table below] 
 
IV. 
Inverse 
Reference Rate: 
[(Include details of whether the Inverse Reference 
Rate is (A) one Reference Rate (a "Specified Rate") 
or (B) one Reference Rate (a "Specified Rate 1") 
minus another Reference Rate (a "Specified Rate 2", 
and together with Specified Rate 1, each a "Specified 
Rate"). Also include details of each Inverse Reference 
Rate and each Specified Rate, including any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the relevant 
Inverse Reference Rate or Specified Rate is a (i) a 
Floating Interest Rate for which Screen Rate 
Determination applies, include the information from 
item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Rate for which ISDA Determination applies, include 
the applicable information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII 
and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including 
any Table or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, include the 
applicable 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(C)V, 
including any Table, as required. In all cases this 
would include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Securities Provisions as appropriate)] 
 
V. 
Margin(s) 
(Inverse 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] [As set 
out in the Rate Table below]

--- Page 1790 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1764 
 
Floating 
Interest Rate): 
 
VI. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫]]/[As set out in the Rate Table below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [Specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]  
[As set out in the Rate Table] 
 
VIII. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (Insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫] [As set out in the Rate Table below] [Not 
Applicable]  
 
X. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫] [As set out in the Rate Table below] [Not 
Applicable] (If there is more than one Maximum 
Interest Rate for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete 
columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
 
[Rate Table for Inverse Floating Rate Securities]

--- Page 1791 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1765 
 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Inverse Fixed 
Rate 
[Margin 
(Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate) 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate) 
[Minimum 
Interest Rate 
(for the 
Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate) 
[Maximum 
Interest Rate 
(for the Inverse 
Floating Interest 
Rate) 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[specify] 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(L) 
Volatility 
Bond 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual 
Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Volatility Bond 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period [from, 
and including, [⚫] to, but excluding, [⚫]] [⚫] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Volatility Bond Securities 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) the Lock-in Date [[ ⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]  
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
 
III. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention] [No adjustment] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] 
 
IV. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)]

--- Page 1792 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1766 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (Insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
V. 
Margin(s) 
(Volatility 
Bond 
Interest 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum] [As set 
out in the Rate Table below] 
 
VI. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) 
(Volatility 
Bond 
Interest 
Rate): 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] [As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
VII. 
Shout Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• Relevant 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
• Shout Option Cut-off 
Time: 
[9:00 a.m. (London time)] [specify time] 
 
• Details for giving notice 
to the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent: 
[Specify address / e-mail address and department / 
desk to whom the relevant notice should be addressed] 
 
VIII. 
Volatility Bond 
Rate 1: 
Volatility 
Bond 
Reference 
Rate 
[plus/minus] 
[Volatility Bond Rate 1 Margin][, and multiplied by 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate] 
[(Specify whether the Volatility Bond Reference Rate 
for Volatility Bond Rate 1 is (i) one Reference Rate or 
(ii) the sum of two or more specified Reference Rates 
or (iii) Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2. Also 
include details of such rate, including any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the rate is a

--- Page 1793 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1767 
 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is applicable), 
include the relevant information from item 14(vi)(A), 
including any Table, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate for 
which Screen Rate Determination applies, include the 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, 
(iii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA Determination 
applies, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
and 
items 
14(vi)(B)XIV 
to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or (iv)  a CMS 
Interest Rate, include the applicable information from 
item 14(vi)(C)V, including any Table, as required)] 
(Expected to be determined on or about the end of the 
relevant Interest Period – the Shout Option, if 
exercised, would operate to change this rate) 
 
• Volatility Bond Rate 1 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
• Volatility Bond Rate 1 
Margin: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Volatility Bond 
Rate 2: 
Volatility 
Bond 
Reference 
Rate 
[plus/minus] 
[Volatility Bond Rate 2 Margin][, and multiplied by 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate] 
[(Specify whether the Volatility Bond Reference Rate 
for Volatility Bond Rate 2 is (i) one Reference Rate or 
(ii) the sum of two or more specified Reference Rates 
or (iii) Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2. Also 
include details of such rate, including any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the rate is a 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is applicable), 
include the relevant information from item 14(vi)(A), 
including any Table, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate for 
which Screen Rate Determination applies, include the 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, 
(iii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA Determination 
applies, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
and 
items 
14(vi)(B)XIV 
to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or (iv) a CMS 
Interest Rate, include the applicable information from 
item 14(vi)(C)V, including any Table, as required)] 
(Expected to be determined on or about the beginning 
of the relevant Interest Period) 
 
• Volatility Bond Rate 2 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
• Volatility Bond Rate 2 
Margin: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1794 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1768 
 
(for 
the 
Volatility Bond 
Interest Rate): 
 
XI. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Volatility Bond 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete 
columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
 
[Rate Table for Volatility Bond Securities] 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[Minimum 
Interest 
Rate (for 
the 
Volatility 
Bond 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Maximum 
Interest 
Rate (for 
the 
Volatility 
Bond 
Interest 
Rate) 
Volatility Bond Interest Rate 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 
[Margin 
(Volatility 
Bond 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
(Volatility 
Bond Interest 
Rate) 
[Margin 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[Margin 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
[⚫] [adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/
not 
adjusted]] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(M) 
Synthetic Forward Rate 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual 
Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Rate 
Securities 
provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period from, 
and including, [⚫] to but excluding, [⚫]] [⚫] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Synthetic Forward Rate 
Securities Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning 
on (and including) the Lock-in Date [[⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]]]

--- Page 1795 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1769 
 
 
II. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
 
III. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [As set out in the Rate 
Table below] 
 
IV. 
Range Accrual 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: see item 14(vi)(E) above ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
V. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (Insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
VI. 
Margin(s) (SF 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable] [[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum] [As 
set out in the Rate Table below] 
 
VII. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) 
(SF 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫][As set out in the Rate Table below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Synthetic 
Forward Option 
One, Synthetic 
Forward Option 
Two 
or 
Synthetic 
[Synthetic Forward Option One] [Synthetic Forward 
Option Two] [Synthetic Forward Option Three] 
applicable

--- Page 1796 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1770 
 
Forward Option 
Three: 
 
IX. 
Rate 1:  
SF Reference Rate [plus/minus] [Rate 1 Margin][, and 
multiplied by Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate] 
 
• 
Rate 
1 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Rate 1 Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
x: 
[⚫] 
 
X. 
Rate 2: 
SF Reference Rate [plus/minus] [Rate 2 Margin][, and 
multiplied by Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate] 
 
• 
Rate 
2 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Rate 2 Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
y: 
[⚫] 
 
XI. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XII. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XIII. 
[SF Reference 
Rate [in respect 
of 
[Rate 
1] 
[Rate 2]]: 
[(Specify whether the SF Reference Rate for Rate 1 is 
(i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more 
specified Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate 1 
minus Reference Rate 2. Also include details of such 
rate, including any Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate. If the rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where 
accrual 
is 
applicable), 
include 
the 
relevant 
information from item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, 
(ii) a Floating Interest Rate for which Screen Rate 
Determination applies, include the information from 
item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, (iii) a Floating 
Rate for which ISDA Determination applies, include 
the applicable information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII 
and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including 
any Table or (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the 
applicable 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(C)V, 
including any Table, as required)] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
XIV. 
Lev: 
[⚫]% / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1797 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1771 
 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete 
columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
[Rate Table for Synthetic Forward Rate Securities] 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
[Relevant SF 
Rate] 
[Margin (SF 
Interest Rate)] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (SF 
Interest Rate)] 
[Minimum/Maxim
um Interest Rate 
(for the Synthetic 
Forward Interest 
Rate)] 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Synthetic 
Forward Option 
One] / [Synthetic 
Forward Option 
Two] 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per cent. 
per annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete 
columns in respect of items which do not vary. Insert additional columns for Rate 2 and SF Rate 2, as applicable) 
[Rate Table for Synthetic Forward Rate Securities] 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
[Rate [1/2]] 
[SF Rate [1/2]]* 
[Rate [1/2] 
Margin] 
[Rate [1/2] 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate] 
[SF Rate [1/2] 
Margin] 
[SF Rate [1/2] 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate] 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per cent. 
per annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-][⚫] per cent. 
per annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(N) 
Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [, subject provided in item [14(vi)(O) (FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(P) 
(Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions)] [14(vi)(Q) 
(Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(R) (Auto Floor Securities Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(S) 
(Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] 
[14(vi)(T) 
(Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions)] [14(vi)(U) (Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual 
Currency Securities)] [14(vi)(W) (Interest Rollup)]] 
[Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
6(d) 
(Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities),] [⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in

--- Page 1798 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1772 
 
which 
the 
Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]  
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]] [As set out in the Rate Table below] [No 
Adjustment] 
 
III. 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference Rate: 
Previous Coupon[, [plus/minus] [(i)] Rate 1][, 
multiplied by Rate 1 Participation Rate] [, 
[plus/minus] (ii) Rate 2][, multiplied by Rate 2 
Participation Rate] [As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
IV. 
Rate 
1 
(for 
determination 
of a Previous 
Coupon 
Reference 
Rate): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate/(specify other Reference 
Rate)] [Not Applicable]  
[(Specify details of such Reference Rate, including 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the rate 
is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required)] 
 
V. 
Rate 
1 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
VI. 
Rate 
2 
(for 
determination 
of a Previous 
Coupon 
Reference 
Rate): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate/(specify other Reference 
Rate)] [Not Applicable] 
[(Specify details of such Reference Rate, including 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the rate 
is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item

--- Page 1799 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1773 
 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or 
(iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required)] 
 
VII. 
Rate 
2 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate Table 
below]  
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Reference Rate 
(for 
the 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference 
Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate Table 
below]  
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Reference Rate 
(for 
the 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference 
Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate Table 
below]  
 
X. 
Margin 
(Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum]/[As set 
out in the Rate Table below] 
 
XI. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate (Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate Table 
below]  
 
XII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate Table 
below]  
 
XIII. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
the 
Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate Table 
below]  
 
XIV. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]

--- Page 1800 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1774 
 
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (Insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods and delete 
columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
 
[Rate Table for Previous Coupon Linked Securities] 
Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Previous Coupon 
Linked Payment 
Date] 
[Previous Coupon 
Reference Rate] 
[Margin (Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate)] 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
(Previous Coupon 
Linked Interest 
Rate)] 
[Minimum / 
Maximum Interest 
Rate (for the 
Previous Coupon 
Linked Interest 
Rate)] 
[⚫] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
Previous Coupon[, 
[plus/minus] [(i)] 
Rate 1][, multiplied 
by Rate 1 
Participation Rate] [, 
[plus/minus] (ii) 
Rate 2][, multiplied 
by Rate 2 
Participation Rate] 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-] [⚫] per cent. 
per annum] 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-] [⚫] per cent. 
per annum] 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat as required) 
(Insert table below if any of the items included in the Table are different for different Interest Periods 
and delete columns in respect of items which do not vary) 
[Rate Table for Previous Coupon Linked Securities] 
Previous Coupon Reference Rate 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] 
[Previous Coupon Linked 
Payment Date] 
Rate 1 
Rate 2 
[Rate 1 Participation Rate] 
[Rate 2 Participation Rate] 
[⚫] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-] [⚫] per cent. 
per annum] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-] [⚫] per cent. 
per annum] 
(Repeat as required)

--- Page 1801 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1775 
 
 
(O) 
FX 
Performance 
Securities Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in conjunction 
with another Interest Basis (other than Inflation Rate 
Securities and DIR Inflation Linked Securities). If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
/ 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which the FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period [from, 
and including, [⚫] to, but excluding, [⚫]] [[, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities),] Each of the 
following Interest Payment Date(s): [ ⚫] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [ ⚫] to, and 
including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention] [No adjustment]] [⚫] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the FX Performance Securities 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) the Lock-in Date [[ ⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][⚫]]] 
 
II. 
FX 
Performance 1: 
[[ ⚫] / FX Performance 1 shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying specified in item 13 
above/ The rate determined as set out below] [See the 
FX Performance Table below] 
 
[Insert where no rate is specified above and FX Performance 1 is not an 
Underlying: 
 
• 
FX 
Perf 
A 
Currency/FX 
Perf 
B 
Currency: 
The [mid/[⚫]] [⚫] (FX Perf A Currency) / [⚫] (FX Perf 
B Currency) currency exchange rate expressed as the 
number of units of [⚫] for which one unit of [⚫] can 
be exchanged)] 
 
• 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
III. 
FX 
Performance 2: 
[ ⚫] [FX Performance 2 shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying specified in item 13 
above] [The rate determined as set out below] [See the 
FX Performance Table below] 
 
[Insert where no rate is specified above and FX Performance 2 is not an 
Underlying: 
 
• 
FX 
Perf 
A 
Currency/FX 
The [mid/[ ⚫]] [ ⚫] (FX Perf A Currency)] [[ ⚫] 
(FX Perf B Currency) currency exchange rate

--- Page 1802 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1776 
 
Perf 
B 
Currency: 
[(expressed as the number of units of [⚫] for which 
one unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
• 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Time: 
[⚫]] 
 
IV. 
FX 
Performance 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] [See the FX Performance Table] 
 
V. 
Specified 
FX 
Performance 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
FX Performance Valuation Date 1: [Not Applicable] 
[[ ⚫] [in respect of each Interest [Period/Payment 
Date]] [See the FX Performance Table] 
FX Performance Valuation Date 2: [Not Applicable] 
[[ ⚫] [in respect of each Interest [Period/Payment 
Date]] [See the FX Performance Table] 
 
VI. 
[Application of 
FX 
Performance 
Securities 
Provisions: 
The FX Performance Securities Provisions shall apply 
[[prior to/after] the application of the [Reserve 
Coupon Securities Provisions] [Global Interest Floor 
Securities Provisions] [and the] [Global Interest Cap 
Securities 
Provisions] 
[Auto 
Floor 
Securities 
Provisions] [Auto Cap Securities Provisions]] (Insert 
where the Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions or 
the Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions and/or 
the Global Interest Cap Securities Provisions or the 
Auto Floor Securities Provisions or Auto Cap 
Securities Provisions also apply) 
 
(Insert table below if any of the relevant items above is different for each Interest Period or Interest Payment 
Date) 
 
[FX Performance Table for FX Performance Securities] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
[FX 
Performance 1] 
[FX 
Performance 
Valuation Date 
1] 
[FX Performance 2] 
[FX 
Performance 
Valuation Date 
2] 
FX 
Performance 
Participation 
Rate 
[Insert date(s)] 
[[⚫] / FX 
Performance 1 
shall be 
determined by 
reference to the 
Underlying 
specified in item 
13 above / The 
rate determined as 
set out in item 
14(vi)(O)II 
above] 
[[⚫] / Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫] / FX 
Performance 2 shall 
be determined by 
reference to the 
Underlying specified 
in item 13 above / 
The rate determined 
as set out in item 
14(vi)(O)III above] 
[[⚫] / Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫] / Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat as required)

--- Page 1803 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1777 
 
 
(P) 
Reserve 
Coupon 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in conjunction 
with another Interest Basis (other than Fixed Rate 
Securities, Inflation Rate Securities and DIR Inflation 
Linked Securities). If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
/ 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Reserve 
Coupon 
Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period [from, 
and including, [[⚫] to, but excluding, [[⚫]] [[, subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
6(d) (Interest Linked Redemption Securities),] Each of 
the following Interest Payment Date(s): [[⚫] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [[ ⚫] to, and 
including, [[⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] [[⚫] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities)) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day of an 
Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Reserve Coupon Securities 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) the Lock-in Date [[[ ⚫]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][[⚫]]] 
 
II. 
Relevant 
Option: 
Option [1]/[2]/[3] 
 
• 
[Reserve 
Coupon 
Rate 
(RCR): 
[[⚫] per cent. [per annum]]/ [⚫]] (Specify where the 
Relevant Option is Option 1, otherwise delete row) 
 
 
• 
[Initial Reserve 
Period: 
From (and including) [⚫]/[the Issue Date] to (but 
excluding) [⚫] 
 
• 
RPN: 
[⚫]] (Specify where the Relevant Option is Option 2, 
otherwise delete rows) 
 
• 
[Floor: 
[⚫]] (Specify where the Relevant Option is Option 3, 
otherwise delete row) 
 
(Q) 
Global Interest Floor 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert: 
Floor Rate: [⚫] per cent.] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in conjunction 
with another Interest Basis (other than Fixed Rate 
Securities, Auto Floor Securities and Auto Cap 
Securities)) 
 
(R) 
Auto Floor Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in conjunction 
with another Interest Basis (other than Fixed Rate 
Securities, Global Interest Floor Securities and 
Global Interest Cap Securities). If not applicable,

--- Page 1804 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1778 
 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
/ 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which the Auto 
Floor Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period [from, 
and including, [⚫] to, but excluding, [⚫]] [[, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities),] Each of the 
following Interest Payment Date(s): [ ⚫] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [ ⚫] to, and 
including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention] [No adjustment]] [⚫] 
 
II. 
Initial Floorlets 
Number: 
[⚫] 
 
III. 
Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
(S) 
Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert: 
Cap Rate: [⚫] per cent.] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in conjunction 
with another Interest Basis (other than Fixed Rate 
Securities, Auto Floor Securities and Auto Cap 
Securities)) 
 
(T) 
Auto 
Cap 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in conjunction 
with another Interest Basis (other than Fixed Rate 
Securities, Global Interest Floor Securities and 
Global Interest Cap Securities). If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
/ 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which the Auto 
Cap Securities 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period [from, 
and including, [⚫] to, but excluding, [⚫]] [[, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 6(d) 
(Interest Linked Redemption Securities),] Each of the 
following Interest Payment Date(s): [ ⚫] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [ ⚫] to, and 
including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] [⚫] 
 
II. 
Initial Caplets 
Number: 
[⚫] 
 
III. 
Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
(U) 
Restructure Interest Rate 
Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable:  
Restructure Rate Request Start Date: [⚫] 
Maximum Number of Restructure Rate Acceptances: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1805 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1779 
 
Fixed Restructure Fee: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Fixed Fee Amount: [⚫]] 
Basis Points Restructure Fee: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Number of Basis Points: [⚫] basis points] 
(NB: Elect one of Fixed Restructure Fee or Basis 
Points Restructure Fee above (and complete as 
applicable) for the purposes of calculating the 
Restructure Fee) 
Issuer Notice Details: [Insert notice details for 
delivery of notices to the Issuer]] 
 
(V) 
Interim 
Performance 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Type of Interim Performance Interest Security: [Twin 
Win/Reverse] Interim Performance Security][if an 
Interest Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [and]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(W) 
Interest Rollup: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Underlying Valuation 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Averaging 
[Not Applicable]  
[Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the [Interest 
Strike Dates/Interest Valuation Dates] [insert as 
appropriate - for the purpose of determining [whether 
an Interest Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Interest Amount [if an Interest 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred][:]] [and] [in respect 
of [insert relevant Interest Underlying]]  (Repeat as 
necessary) (Only applicable where "Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Interest Stike Dates" is 
specified for Interest Initial Level) 
[In the event that an [Interest Strike Date/Interest 
Valuation Date] is a Disrupted Day [Omission 
/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will apply] 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Range Accrual 
[Value What You Can/Move In Block] Observation is 
Applicable (as specified above)/Not Applicable][The 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(c)(i) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)) [apply/do not apply.] 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the provisions

--- Page 1806 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1780 
 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2(c) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(C) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/ Range Accrual 
[Value What You Can/Move In Block] Observation is 
Applicable (as specified above)/Not Applicable] [The 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(d)(i) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) apply] 
 
(D) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
(In the case of Securities for which Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis applies, the provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.24(c) will apply in respect of 
a Lock-in Determination Date instead of this item 
14(vii) where "Preceding Determination" is specified 
as the Determination Date Valuation Method. Include 
for Lock-in Change of Interest Basis (where a relevant 
reference/barrier is an FX Rate) where "Succeeding 
Determination" is specified as the Determination 
Date Valuation Method) 
 
TABLE 
[[Interest 
[Period] 
Strike Level] 
[Specified 
[Interest] 
Valuation 
Date(s)] 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
[1] (%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier 
Level 
[2] 
(%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest Lock-
in Level (%)] 
[Specified 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date] 
[Specified 
Fixed 
Rate] 
[Interest 
[Amount/Rate
]] 
[if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] [does not 
occur][or] 
[occurs] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[and 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date]] 
[and] 
[in 
each 
case][Minimu
m 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
[and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
Interest 
[Amount/Ra
te] 
if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
[2] 
[does 
not 
occur][or] 
[occurs] in 
respect 
of 
the relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[and 
the relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date]] [and] 
[in 
each 
case][Minim
um Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] [and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
[IPR/FX 
Performance/
Interest 
Adjustment/Z
%/Coupon 
Rate/Margin] 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[[⚫] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫]  
[Interest 
[Period] Initial 
Level] 
(specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
underlying, 
performance-
linked interest 
amount, 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
and 
Interest 
Period, where 
different and as 
appropriate) 
[[⚫]  
[Reference 
Month: [⚫]] 
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
from 
[(and 
[ ⚫] [greater 
than [(or equal 
to)] [ ⚫][%] 
and less than 
[(or equal to)] [
⚫][%] [of the 
Interest Initial 
Level of [the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying]]] 
[[greater than 
[(or equal to)]] 
[less than [(or 
equal to)]] [⚫] 
[%] 
[of 
the 
Interest Initial 
Level of [the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying]] 
[⚫] [greater 
than 
[(or 
equal to)] [⚫
][%] and less 
than 
[(or 
equal to)] [⚫
][%] [of the 
Interest 
Initial Level 
of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying]]
] 
[[greater 
than 
[(or 
equal 
to)]] 
[less 
than 
[(or 
equal 
to)]] [⚫] [%] 
[of 
the 
[greater 
than 
(or equal to) [
⚫]% and less 
than (or equal 
to) [ ⚫]% of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫]% 
of the Interest 
Initial Level of 
]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
[[⚫] 
[Reference 
Month: [⚫]] 
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
[for 
all 
the 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings] 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
[for 
any 
Interest Barrier 
[[[⚫][%] [per 
annum payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-annually / 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly 
/ 
[other] 
(specify)]] 
in 
arrear][As set 
out 
in 
item 
140[(V)/ [⚫]] 
above] 
[The 
amount (if any) 
determined as 
provided 
in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 4] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[[[ ⚫][%] 
[per annum 
payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-
annually 
/ 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly 
/ 
[other] 
(specify)]] in 
arrear][As 
set 
out 
in 
item 
140[(V)/ [⚫
]] 
above] 
[The amount 
(if 
any) 
determined 
as provided 
in Valuation 
[IPR: [⚫]] 
[FX 
Performance [
⚫]]: 
[Interest 
Adjustment: 
[ ⚫] [Barrier 
Event 
Applicable: 
Barrier Event 
Satisfied 
Interest 
Adjustment: [
⚫]. 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/ 
not 
adjusted] 
[where EMTA 
provisions are 
applicable 
in 
respect of any 
FX Rate: or, if 
later, 
the 
Number 
of 
Settlement 
Business Days 
following 
the 
[last occurring] 
Interest 
Valuation Date 
relating to such

--- Page 1807 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1781 
 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [⚫
] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)][ ⚫
]]  
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range 
Accrual 
Securities 
only)]] 
(specify where 
different 
for 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
and 
relevant 
Performance-
Linked Interest 
Amount, 
as 
applicable) 
Interest 
Initial Level 
of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying]] 
(specify 
where 
different for 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
and 
relevant 
Performance
-Linked 
Interest 
Amount, 
as 
applicable) 
⚫] 
(specify 
where different 
for 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings) 
[UCL 
Adjustment: [
⚫]] 
Underlying] 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [⚫
] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] [⚫
]] 
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range 
Accrual 
Securities 
only)] 
 
[1] [does not] 
occur[s] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [ ⚫]] 
[and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [⚫] ] / [
⚫
] 
per 
Security]]  
[Either: (i)] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] 
has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [⚫] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[⚫]] [or (ii) if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] 
has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [⚫] 
[or 
more] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[ ⚫]] (specify 
for the relevant 
number 
of 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
where 
the 
Securities are 
Multi-Chance 
Securities] (in 
each 
case, 
specify 
as 
necessary 
for 
each 
applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 4] 
if an Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
[2] 
[does 
not] 
occur[s] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [⚫]] 
[and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [⚫] ] / 
[ ⚫] per 
Security]]  
[Either: (i)] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event [2] has 
occurred in 
respect of [
⚫] Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) [only] [or 
less], [ ⚫]] 
[or (ii) if an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event [2] has 
occurred in 
respect of [
⚫] [or more] 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) [only] [or 
less], [ ⚫]] 
(specify for 
the relevant 
number 
of 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) where the 
Securities 
are 
Multi-
Chance 
Securities] 
(in 
each 
case, specify 
as necessary 
for 
each 
applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
Barrier Event 
Not 
Satisfied 
Interest 
Adjustment: [
⚫].]] 
[Z: [⚫]%]  
(in each case, 
specify 
alternatives 
where 
an 
interest barrier 
event 
has 
occurred 
or 
has 
not 
occurred, 
if 
applicable) 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
(specify for each interest payment date and delete the relevant column if not applicable) (repeat this Table and/or the applicable columns as necessary where there are different 
Interest Barrier Events occurring in respect of different Interest Payment Dates resulting in different Interest Amounts payable) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SWITCHER OPTION 
15. Switcher Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Switcher Interest Commencement 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
New Interest Basis: 
[Include details of the New Interest Basis or the or 
each 
Switcher 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
including cross referring to relevant paragraphs 
herein 
and 
including 
any 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date and/or Margin and/or Interest 
Participation Rate]

--- Page 1808 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1782 
 
 
(iii) 
Conversion 
Amount 
per 
Calculation Amount payable by 
the Issuer: 
[include details of any conversion amount payable by 
the Issuer and the relevant Switcher Interest 
Commencement Date in respect of which it is payable 
if more than one][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Switcher Payment Date: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.24(a) (Switcher Option)] [Not less than [(specify)] 
Business Days] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO LOCK-IN CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS 
16. Lock-in Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Interest Basis: 
[include details of the Initial Interest Basis including 
cross referring to relevant paragraphs herein] 
 
(ii) 
Changed Interest Basis: 
[Following the occurrence of [the] Lock-in Event [1]: 
[include details of the Changed Interest Basis 
including cross referring to relevant paragraphs 
herein]] 
 
 
[Following the occurrence of Lock-in Event 1 and 
Lock-in Event [2][n]: [include details of the Changed 
Interest Basis including cross referring to relevant 
paragraphs herein]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for Lock-in Events n=1….k) 
 
(iii) 
Lock-in Date: 
[ ⚫] [The Interest Period End Date immediately 
succeeding the Lock-in Determination Date on which 
the Lock-in Condition was satisfied in respect of all 
the relevant Lock-in Events] [The Interest Payment 
Date 
immediately 
succeeding 
the 
Lock-in 
Determination Date on which the Lock-in Condition 
was satisfied in respect of all the relevant Lock-in 
Events] 
 
(iv) 
Lock-in Condition [1]: 
 
 
(v) 
Lock-in Reference Observation 
[1]: 
[Specify what the Lock-in Reference Observation will 
be from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.24(d) (Determination of Lock-
in Reference Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
 
 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, 
including 
any 
relevant 
Specified 
Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, Interest Participation 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the relevant Reference 
Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable

--- Page 1809 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1783 
 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table 
or (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required. In all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the Spread 
Securities Provisions as appropriate] 
 
 
[See [also] item 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
 
 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
(vi) 
Lock-in Barrier [1]: 
[Specify what the Lock-in Barrier will be from the 
options set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.24(d) 
(Determination 
of 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
 
 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, 
including 
any 
relevant 
Specified 
Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, Interest Participation 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the relevant Reference 
Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table 
or (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required. In all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the Spread 
Securities Provisions as appropriate] 
 
 
[See [also] item 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
 
 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Lock-in Barrier Reference [1]: 
[Greater than the Lock-in Barrier [1]/Greater than or 
equal to the Lock-in Barrier [1]/Less than the Lock-in 
Barrier [1]/Less than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier 
[1]] 
 
(viii) 
[Lock-in Condition [n]: 
(Include for each Lock-in Condition n = 2 … k) 
 
(ix) 
Lock-in Reference Observation 
[n]: 
[Specify what the Lock-in Reference Observation will 
be from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.24(d) (Determination of Lock-
in Reference Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
 
 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, 
including 
any 
relevant 
Specified 
Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, Interest Participation

--- Page 1810 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1784 
 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the relevant Reference 
Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table 
or (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required. In all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the Spread 
Securities Provisions as appropriate) 
 
 
[See item 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX Rate]] 
 
 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
(x) 
Lock-in Barrier [n]: 
[Specify what the Lock-in Barrier will be from the 
options set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.24(d) 
(Determination 
of 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
 
 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, 
including 
any 
relevant 
Specified 
Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, Interest Participation 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the relevant Reference 
Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is 
applicable), include the relevant information from 
item 14(vi)(A), including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate for which Screen Rate Determination 
applies, 
include 
the 
information 
from 
item 
14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, 
including any Table, (iii) a Floating Rate for which 
ISDA Determination applies, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII and items 
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table 
or (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, include the applicable 
information from item 14(vi)(C)V, including any 
Table, as required. In all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the Spread 
Securities Provisions as appropriate) 
 
 
[See item 13 for details of the Rate[s]/FX Rate] 
 
 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
(i) 
Lock-in Barrier Reference [n]: 
[Greater than the Lock-in Barrier [n]/Greater than or 
equal to the Lock-in Barrier [n]/Less than the Lock-in 
Barrier [n]/Less than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier 
[n]]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO ZERO COUPON SECURITIES

--- Page 1811 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1785 
 
17. Zero Coupon Securities Provisions: 
(i) 
Amortised Face Amount: 
[Applicable[ - see item 21(xii)]/Not Applicable] 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Amortised Face 
Amount applies/Single Rate Amortisation Yield 
applies, for which purpose "Linear Accretion" 
[applies/does not apply]/Multiple Rate Amortisation 
Yield applies] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
if 
"Calculation 
Agent 
Determination of Amortised Face Amount" is 
specified above or if the Securities are also Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes (in which case the provisions of item 
21(xii) apply), delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(ii) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[[⚫] [per cent. per annum] [on a [non-]compounding 
basis]] 
(If "Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified 
above, insert the below table) 
 
 
[Amortisation Yield Table 
 
 
i 
Calculation Period 
Amortisation 
Yield 
 
 
 
Start Date 
End Date 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[specify 
date] 
[specify date] 
[⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as required)] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Price: 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Termination Amounts: 
[[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA), for which purpose the 
Determination Dates shall be [⚫] in each year] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO ANY ISSUER CALL, INVESTOR PUT, ANY MANDATORY 
EARLY REDEMPTION, THE REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND ANY ENTITLEMENT 
DELIVERABLE 
18. Issuer Call and Investor Put: 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫]] [Each date set out under the heading "Optional 
Redemption Date" in the Table below: 
Optional Redemption 
Date 
Optional Redemption 
Amount 
[⚫] 
[⚫]][Index Skew Early 
Termination Amount]] 
(Repeat as necessary)

--- Page 1812 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1786 
 
 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ⚫] per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security specified 
under the heading "Optional Redemption Amount" in 
the Table in item 14(i)(A) above] [Zero Coupon 
Amortised Face Amount (Specify for Single Name 
CLNs or Linear Basket CLNs which are Zero Coupon 
Securities unless a different amount is appropriate)]] 
[Index Skew Early Termination Amount] 
 
(C) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Security] [Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Security] [Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less than 
[⚫] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent) 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫]] [Each date set out under the heading "Optional 
Redemption Date" in the Table below: 
(Repeat as necessary) 
Optional Redemption 
Date 
Optional Redemption 
Amount 
[⚫] 
[⚫] [Index Skew Early 
Termination Amount]] 
 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ⚫]per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security specified 
under the heading "Optional Redemption Amount" in 
the Table in item 14(ii)(A) above] [Index Skew Early 
Termination Amount] 
 
(C) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less than 
[⚫] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15

--- Page 1813 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1787 
 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent) 
19. Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Condition: 
[Rollerball MER Condition] 
[TARN MER Condition] 
[See the Schedule attached hereto] [specify] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date[s] [other than [[⚫]/the 
Interest Payment Date falling on or about the 
[Scheduled] Maturity Date]]/[ ⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [See the Schedule attached 
hereto] 
 
(C) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount(s): 
[[⚫] [As set out in the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Table] [See the Schedule attached hereto] [specify in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date and a 
Security] 
 
(D) 
Rollerball 
MER 
Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
I. 
Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Specify what the Rollerball Reference Observation 
will be from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(b) 
(Rollerball 
MER 
Condition)]  
[Where there is more than one Reference Rate, specify 
whether the Rollerball Reference Observation is 
different for each Reference Rate and each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Dates] 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, 
including any relevant Specified MER Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the relevant Reference Rate is a (i) 
a Floating Interest Rate for which Screen Rate 
Determination applies, include the information from 
item 14(vi)(B)VII and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, (ii) a Floating 
Rate for which ISDA Determination applies, include 
the applicable information from item 14(vi)(B)VIII 
and items 14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including 
any Table or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, include the 
applicable information from item 
14(vi)(C)V, 
including any Table, as required. In all cases this

--- Page 1814 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1788 
 
would include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Securities Provisions as appropriate] 
 
 
[See [also] item 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
[As set out in the Rollerball Reference Determination 
Table] 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
II. 
Rollerball 
Barrier: 
[Specify what the Rollerball Barrier will be from the 
options set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
5(b) (Rollerball MER Condition)]  
[Where there is more than one Reference Rate, specify 
whether the Rollerball Barrier is different for each 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
each 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Dates] 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, 
including any relevant Specified MER Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the relevant Reference Rate is a (i) 
Fixed Interest Rate (where accrual is applicable), 
include the relevant information from item 14(vi)(A), 
including any Table, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate for 
which Screen Rate Determination applies, include the 
information from item 14(vi)(B)VII and items  
14(vi)(B)XIV to 14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table, 
(iii) a Floating Rate for which ISDA Determination 
applies, include the applicable information from item 
14(vi)(B)VIII 
and 
items 
14(vi)(B)XIV 
to 
14(vi)(B)XVII, including any Table or (iv) a CMS 
Interest Rate, include the applicable information from 
item 14(vi)(C)V, including any Table, as required. In 
all cases this would include being determined by 
reference to the Spread Securities Provisions as 
appropriate] 
 
 
[See [also] item 13 for details of the Rate[s]/FX Rate] 
 
 
[As set out in the Rollerball Reference Determination 
Table] 
 
 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
III. 
Rollerball 
Barrier 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Rollerball Barrier/Greater than or 
equal to the Rollerball Barrier/Less than the 
Rollerball Barrier/Less than or equal to the Rollerball 
Barrier] 
 
(E) 
TARN MER Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph)

--- Page 1815 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1789 
 
 
I. 
TARN Rate: 
[ ⚫] [See the Mandatory Early Redemption Table 
below] 
 
II. 
Excluded 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable] [[ ⚫] / [The Interest Amounts 
determined by reference to [specify interest basis] as 
set out in item [ ⚫] above] [specify relevant 
period(s)/date(s), where relevant]] shall be Excluded 
Interest Amount[s] for the purposes of the TARN 
MER Condition] (Specify the interest basis and the 
related Interest Period(s) and/or Interest Payment 
Date(s) for the Interest Amount(s) which will not be 
taken into account for the purposes of the TARN MER 
Condition) 
 
(F) 
Specified 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date] [See the Schedule attached hereto] [[Each] such 
Valuation Date shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [the provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2/specify].] [[In respect of an 
Underlying, each/Each] Scheduled Trading Day for 
[the/all the/such] Underlying[s] during [specify 
period].] [The provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(c) [and Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(d)] shall not apply in respect of [each] 
such Specified Valuation Date] [Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Coupon(s): 
[See the Schedule attached hereto] [specify in respect 
of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the 
related Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon 
Payment Date and a Security] 
 
(H) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Coupon 
Payment Date(s): 
[See the Schedule attached hereto] [specify] 
 
(Insert table below if the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount for each Mandatory Early Redemption Date is 
different) 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s) 
Specified MER 
Determination Date(s) 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount 
[TARN Rate] 
[Insert date(s)] 
[Insert date(s)] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat as required) 
 
 
(ii) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
General: 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike 
Level, Specified MER 
Valuation 
Date, 
Specified MER Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation 
Date, 
Lower 
MER 
Barrier 
Level, 
Upper 
MER 
Barrier 
Level, 
See Table below

--- Page 1816 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1790 
 
MER 
Barrier 
Level, 
Specified MER Barrier 
Observation Date, MER 
Amount, 
Upper 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount and 
Lower Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount, 
MERPR, MERPR Call, 
MERPR Put, MER Date, 
MER 
Coupon, 
MER 
Coupon Payment Date 
(as relevant): 
 
(B) 
Specified 
Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike 
Date: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] [Not Applicable][⚫] [and 
[⚫]]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [⚫]] each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted Day for that Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] [
⚫] to [(but excluding) [(and including)] [⚫]] (where a 
different Specified Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Date applies for any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying, specify for each Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying) 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Specified 
Mandatory 
Early Redemption Initial 
Floor Strike Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [⚫] 
(where a different Specified Mandatory Early 
Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date applies for any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, specify for 
each Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying)] 
 
[Specified 
Early 
Exit 
MER 
Barrier 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s)]:] [[⚫]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading 
Days prior to [⚫]] [Each Scheduled Trading Day [for 
all the [Early Exit MER Barrier Underlyings] 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings] which is 
not a Disrupted Day [for any [Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying] 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying]] from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] 
[⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and including)][⚫]]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary)] 
 
Underlying(s) 
relevant 
to 
Mandatory Early Redemption, 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Provisions 
and 
levels of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s)

--- Page 1817 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1791 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlying: 
[[⚫]] [The Underlyings specified in item 13 above] 
[and [each] such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying shall be an Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance [A/B] Underlying (specify for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying where 
Outperformance Provisions apply in respect of the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Provisions)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/All of 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/Each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying (subject to a minimum of [⚫] Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlyings)/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date 
and/or, as the case may be, each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event) 
 
(C) 
[Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/All of 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/Each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying (subject to a minimum of [⚫] Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlyings)] [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date 
and/or, as the case may be, each Early Exit MER 
Barrier Event)] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1818 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1792 
 
Performance 
Percentage: 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table below/[
⚫] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER

--- Page 1819 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1793 
 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Date, MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying 
Wn 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] 
equal [highest/lowest]) Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
for 
that 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying) 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out 
below: 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying) 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1820 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1794 
 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table below/[
⚫] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [where "Nth" means 
(specify)]: [(i.e., the highest)]]

--- Page 1821 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1795 
 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Date, MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1822 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1796 
 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table below/[
⚫] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [where "Nth" means 
(specify)]: [(i.e., the lowest)] 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Date, MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1823 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1797 
 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions 
for 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1824 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1798 
 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying 
with 
highest (or equal highest) Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
for 
that 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying with [⚫] 
highest (or [ ⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying with lowest 
(or equal lowest) 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
for 
that 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out 
below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn

--- Page 1825 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1799 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1826 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1800 
 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions

--- Page 1827 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1801 
 
for 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying: 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
 
 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying 
with 
highest (or equal highest) Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
for 
that 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying with [⚫] 
[⚫]%

--- Page 1828 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1802 
 
highest (or [ ⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying with lowest 
(or equal lowest) 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
for 
that 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out 
below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III.  
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1829 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1803 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1830 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1804 
 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Initial 
Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance Amount] [and] 
[the Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
[if a MER Redemption Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] [Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date/Closing Level on MER Re 
Strike Date/Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates/Lowest 
Closing Level on Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike Dates/Highest Closing 
Level on Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates/(specify, in table form, 
where appropriate, for each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying) [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates will need 
to be included) 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
[MER Initial Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Initial Floor 
Percentage: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s)]:] [⚫]/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Reference 
Level: 
[Not Applicable][Insert as appropriate - For the 
purpose of determining [whether a MER Barrier 
Event has occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance 
Amount] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [and] [[I/i]n respect of 
[insert relevant MER Underlying]:]:] [Closing Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date/Arithmetic 
Average 
Closing 
Level 
on

--- Page 1831 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1805 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day Level 
on Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
Provisions relating to a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date, MER Underlying and/or Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event]:] 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable 
– 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Event European Observation 
[(for which purpose: Autocall Memory Event: 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable)]/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Event European Performance 
Observation/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event 
American 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation 
– 
Closing 
Level/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American Observation – Intra-Day Level/Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event American One-
Touch Observation – Closing Level [(for which 
purpose: Autocall Memory Event: Applicable/Not 
Applicable)]/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day 
Level/Target Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event and, for which purpose: 
 
 
Target 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
(Capped) 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Target 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Threshold Amount: (specify aggregate 
amount in respect of all Interest Payment 
Dates and a Calculation Amount) 
[[Include/Exclude] Any Interest Amount 
Due on Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[Include 
Any 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount: 
Applicable 
(delete 
if 
not 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Reset MER Barrier 
Level or Latest Reset MER Barrier Level:  
Reset MER Floor Level: [ ⚫]/[See Table 
below]

--- Page 1832 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1806 
 
[Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference Level] Applicable] 
[Latest 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference Level] Applicable] 
[Performance 
Product 
Base 
Level: 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s)]/[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Strike Level of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s)]/[⚫
]] 
[Reset MER Underlying(s): [Insert if 
appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER 
Date 
and/or 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event]:] 
[The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/All of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s)/Each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
(subject to a minimum of [⚫] Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlyings)/Not 
Applicable]] 
(delete if not applicable)] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date 
and/or MER Barrier Event (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
(B) 
[Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date, Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying 
and/or Early Exit MER Barrier Event]:] [Not 
Applicable/Applicable – [Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event European Observation/Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event American Observation – Closing Level/ Early 
Exit MER Barrier Event American Observation – 
Intra-Day Level/Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
American 
One-Touch 
Observation 
– 
Closing 
Level/Early Exit MER Barrier Event American One-
Touch 
Observation 
– 
Intra-Day 
Level/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date, Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying 
and/or Early Exit MER Barrier Event]:] 
[Early Exit MER Barrier Level: [ ⚫]/[See Table 
below]] 
[Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level: [⚫]/[See Table 
below]]

--- Page 1833 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1807 
 
[Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level: [⚫]/[See Table 
below]] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date, 
Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying and/or Early Exit 
MER Barrier Event (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable))] 
 
Provisions relating to a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Underlying and/or MER Date]:] [Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Observation]] 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Underlying and/or 
MER Date) 
 
(B) 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [greater than] [greater than or equal to] 
[less than] [less than or equal to] [[⚫]%] [of [the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying / [⚫] (specify, in table format, where 
appropriate where different for different Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings and/or MER 
Dates)]/Not Applicable] 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying and/or MER Date) 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier Percentage is Not 
Applicable: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount/See MER 
Amount in Table below/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage 
is 
Applicable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Upper 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount/See Table 
below/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1834 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1808 
 
 
II. 
Lower 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount/See Table 
below Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Put Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable]   
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Relevant 
Percentage: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]]  [[⚫]]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary) 
 
II. 
Call Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1835 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1809 
 
Redemption 
Amount: 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
III. 
Call Spread – 
Put 
Spread 
Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs)] 
 
Call Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Call Floor: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Floor: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
 
Global 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫]

--- Page 1836 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1810 
 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Call: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Put: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Twin 
Win 
Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(D) 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1837 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1811 
 
 
I. 
Snowball 
Accrual Rate: 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
II. 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Relevant 
Percentage: 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
III. 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Denominator: 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Snowball 
Accrual Period: 
[The period commencing on [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫] and ending on [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] [the first Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date in respect of 
which a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
has occurred]] 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
V. 
Snowball 
Accrual Day: 
[Each calendar day]/[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(E) 
[Early 
Exit 
MER 
Amount: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [⚫]/See Table below/Not Applicable] 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption 
Coupon: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [See MER Coupon in Table below/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying Valuation Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Averaging 
[Not Applicable]  
[Averaging 
[applies/does 
not 
apply] 
to 
the 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/ 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates] 
[insert as appropriate – for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]] (Repeat as necessary) 
(Only applicable where "Arithmetic Average Closing 
Level on Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates" 
is specified for Mandatory Early Redemption Initial 
Level and/or "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates" is 
specified for Mandatory Early Redemption Reference 
Level) 
[In the event that a [Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Date/ Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation

--- Page 1838 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1812 
 
Date] 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission 
/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will apply] 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable][The 
provisions 
of 
Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)[(i)] (Adjustments to 
Valuation 
Dates 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)) do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(C) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable/[ ⚫]] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)[(i)] (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Closing Levels)) [apply/do not apply]] 
 
(D) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable]  
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
(In the case of Securities for which Mandatory Early 
Redemption applies, the provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5 will apply in respect of a MER 
Determination Date instead of this item 19(ii) where 
"Preceding Determination" is specified as the 
Determination Date Valuation Method. Include for 
Mandatory Early Redemption (where a relevant 
reference/barrier is an FX Rate) where "Succeeding 
Determination" is specified as the Determination 
Date Valuation Method) 
TABLE 
MER 
Strike 
Level 
Specified 
MER 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Specified 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
Valuation 
Date 
[Early 
Exit] 
[Lower 
/ 
Upper] 
MER 
Barrier 
Level (%) 
[Reset 
MER 
Floor 
Level (%) 
Specified 
MER 
Barrier 
Observati
on Date 
MER 
Amount
/ Upper 
Mandat
ory 
Early 
Redemp
tion 
Amount 
And 
Lower 
Mandat
ory 
Early 
Redemp
tion 
Amount
/ Early 
Exit 
MER 
Amount 
MERPR (%) [Mandato
ry 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Performa
nce 
Provisions 
MER Date [MER 
Coupon 
[MER 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
[Insert as 
appropriat
e – For the 
purpose of 
determinin
g [whether 
a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[⚫]] 
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[⚫]] 
[[Each] 
[Any] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day [for all 
the 
MER 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[⚫] 
/Reset 
MER 
Barrier 
Level 
[Not 
Applicable
]/ 
[⚫]] 
[Insert as 
appropriat
e – For the 
purpose of 
determinin
g [whether 
a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
[Not 
Applicab
le] 
[
⚫
]/[Perfor
mance-
Linked 
Mandato
ry Early 
Redempt
ion 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate – 
For 
the 
purpose 
of 
determining 
[whether 
a 
MER Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-
Linked MER 
[Single 
Underlying 
Observatio
n/Weighte
d 
Basket 
Observatio
n/ Best of 
Basket 
Observatio
n /Worst of 
Basket 
Observatio
[ ⚫
] 
/ 
[[Five]/[ ⚫
] Business 
Days 
following 
the 
first 
MER 
Barrier 
Observatio
n Date in 
respect of 
which 
a 
[Not 
Applicable
] [⚫]] 
[
⚫
] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Conventio
n]]/[not 
adjusted]]

--- Page 1839 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1813 
 
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redemptio
n Amount 
[if a MER 
Redemptio
n 
Barrier 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:] 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[⚫]] 
[MER 
Initial 
Level] 
(specify for 
each MER 
Underlying 
where 
different)] 
Days prior 
to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day for the 
MER 
Underlying 
which 
is 
not 
a 
Disrupted 
Day for the 
MER 
Underlying 
from [(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)
] [ ⚫] to 
[(but 
excluding)
] 
[(and 
including)] 
[⚫]] 
Underlying
s which is 
not 
a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for 
any MER 
Underlying
] 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[ ⚫] to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] 
[⚫]] 
/Latest 
Reset MER 
Barrier 
Level] 
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redemptio
n Amount 
[if a MER 
Redemptio
n 
Barrier 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:] 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[⚫]] 
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Days prior 
to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day [for all 
the 
MER 
Barrier 
Underlying
s] which is 
not 
a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for 
any MER 
Barrier 
Underlying
] 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[ ⚫] to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] 
[⚫]] 
Amount]
/[Snowb
all 
Accrual 
Mandato
ry Early 
Redempt
ion 
Amount]  
[(subject 
to 
a 
[Maxim
um 
Amount]
/[Maxim
um 
Mandato
ry Early 
Redempt
ion 
Amount] 
(cap) of [
⚫
]] 
[and] 
[subject 
to 
a 
[Minimu
m 
Amount]
/[Minim
um 
Mandato
ry Early 
Redempt
ion 
Amount] 
(floor) of 
[⚫]] 
Redemption 
Amount [if a 
MER 
Redemption 
Barrier Event 
has 
[not] 
occurred]:] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫]] 
[[ ⚫] being 
the MERPR 
Call and [⚫] 
being 
the 
MERPR Put] 
n/Outperfo
rmance 
Observatio
n]] 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemptio
n 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Conventio
n]/ 
not 
adjusted] 
[where 
EMTA 
provisions 
are 
applicable 
in respect 
of any FX 
Rate: or, if 
later, 
the 
Number of 
Settlement 
Business 
Days 
following 
the 
[last 
occurring] 
MER 
Valuation 
Date 
relating to 
such MER 
Date] 
(specify for each MER date where relevant and delete the relevant column if not applicable) (repeat this Table and/or 
the applicable columns as necessary where there are different MER events or Early Exit MER Barrier Events 
occurring in respect of different MER dates resulting in different MER amounts, Early Exit MER amounts and/or 
MER coupons payable) 
 
 
18. 
Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫] per Security] [Maturity Redemption Amount] 
(include for Credit Linked Notes)] [See item (i) 
below] [DIR Inflation Linked Redemption Amount 
(see item 18(ii) below)] [Lock-in Redemption 
Amount (see item 18(iii) below)] [Rate Linked 
Redemption Amount (see item 18(iv) below)] 
[Interest Linked Redemption Amount (see item 
18(v) below)] [Redemption Reserve Amount (see 
item 18(vi) below)] [Redemption by Instalments 
(see item 18(vii) below)] [, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Dual 
Currency Securities)] 
 
(i) 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph or, if the Securities 
are Preference Share Linked Securities, delete all 
the following sub-paragraphs of this paragraph 
except the sub-paragraph entitled "Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Preference 
Share-Linked

--- Page 1840 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1814 
 
Redemption Amount in respect of Preference Share 
Linked Securities") 
 
Other Redemption Amount / 
Entitlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-section) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Amount for 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities: 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/[specify] per 
Security] 
 
(B) 
Specified 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify] [[Each] such date shall be subject to 
adjustment 
[as provided 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 2/specify]] [[In respect of an 
Underlying, e/E]ach Scheduled Trading Day for 
[the/all the/such] Underlying[s] during [specify 
period].  The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c) [and Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)] shall not apply in respect 
of [each] such Specified Valuation Date] 
 
(C) 
Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining paragraphs 
of this sub-section) 
 
I. 
Settlement via 
Intermediary: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - For which purpose the 
Intermediary is [[The Calculation Agent] / [[⚫]] 
[Insert contact details for delivery of Asset Transfer 
Notice]]  
 
II. 
Entitlement: 
Entitlement per Security is [specify] 
 
III. 
Entitlement 
Denominator: 
[Redemption Initial Level of the Entitlement 
Underlying]/[Redemption Strike Level of the 
Entitlement Underlying]/[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(repeat this sub-paragraph in respect of each 
Entitlement Underlying, as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Equivalent 
Amount: 
[As defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1.1(c)(iv)] [Equivalent Amount per Security is 
[specify]] 
 
V. 
Relevant 
Asset(s): 
[The relevant assets to which the Securities relate 
[is/are] [specify]] 
 
VI. 
Delivery 
Method 
and 
details required 
for 
delivery 
using 
such 
Delivery 
Method: 
[Specify] [As set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 7] 
 
VII. 
Failure 
to 
Deliver due to 
Illiquidity 
(Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1841 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1815 
 
7(a)(F) (Failure 
to Deliver due 
to Illiquidity)): 
 
VIII. 
Aggregation of 
Entitlements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Cash 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[For the purposes of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 7(a)(ii)(D), the "Final Reference Level 
of the Entitlement Underlying" shall be [[the 
Underlying Closing Level] of the [relevant] 
Underlying on [specify]/specify other]] 
Tradeable Amount: [1/specify for each Relevant 
Asset] 
[Share/Depositary 
Receipt/ETF 
Share/Mutual Fund Interest/specify] 
 
X. 
Entitlement 
Calculation 
Rounding 
Convention: 
[⚫] decimal places 
 
Dates 
 
 
(A) 
Specified 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] [[⚫]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading Days 
prior to [⚫]] [Each Scheduled Trading Day [for all 
the Redemption Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted Day [for any Redemption Underlying] 
from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] [⚫] to [(but 
excluding)] [(and including)][⚫]]] [Not Applicable] 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary) 
 
(B) 
Specified 
Final 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Insert as appropriate – [For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [(insert in respect of Buy the Dip 
Securities) the Redemption Amount]:] [In respect of 
[insert 
relevant 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event, 
Performance Linked Redemption Amount or 
Redemption Amount]:]] [[ ⚫]] [[ ⚫] Scheduled 
Trading Days prior to [⚫]] [Expiry Date]  
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary) 
 
 
(specify "Expiry Date" for Securities linked to 
Dividend Futures Contracts where the Relevant 
Price for the Specified Final Valuation Date is

--- Page 1842 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1816 
 
specified to be the "final settlement price" in item 
12(ii) above) 
 
(C) 
Specified 
Redemption 
Strike Date: 
[[Insert as applicable - [In respect of [insert 
relevant Redemption Underlying, Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event or Performance 
Linked Redemption Amount]:] [Not Applicable/[[⚫
]] [[⚫] [and [⚫]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading Days prior 
to [ ⚫]]/ Each Scheduled Trading Day for the 
relevant Redemption Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted Day for that Redemption Underlying 
from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] [⚫] to [(but 
excluding)] [(and including)] [⚫]] [Not Applicable] 
(where a different Specified Redemption Strike Date 
applies 
for 
any 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event and/or 
Performance Linked Redemption Amount, repeat 
and specify for each Redemption Underlying, 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event and/or 
Performance Linked Redemption Amount, as 
appropriate)] [Not Applicable] 
[See also Market Timer Redemption Strike Date(s) 
below] 
 
[Specified 
Redemption 
Initial Floor Strike Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [ ⚫] (where a 
different Specified Redemption Initial Floor Strike 
Date applies for any Redemption Underlying, 
specify for each Redemption Underlying)] 
 
Underlying(s) 
relevant 
to 
redemption, Final Performance 
provisions and levels of the 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Underlying(s): 
[⚫] [The Underlyings specified in item 13 above] 
[and [each] such Redemption Underlying shall be 
the Final Outperformance [A/B] Underlying 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying where 
Outperformance Provisions apply in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions)] (repeat for each 
Redemption Underlying, as appropriate) 
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[ ⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption 
Underlying/The Final Performance Underlying] 
[specify Underlying(s)] [Not Applicable] 
 
Final Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has

--- Page 1843 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1817 
 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary)

--- Page 1844 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1818 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[Redemption Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
[Redemption Underlying with [⚫] highest (or 
[
⚫
] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Final 
Performance] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Redemption Underlying) 
[Redemption Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Redemption Underlying) 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
II. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1845 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1819 
 
 
VIII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [where "Nth" means (specify)]: [(i.e., 
the highest)]]  
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1846 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1820 
 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [where "Nth" means (specify)]: [(i.e., 
the lowest)]  
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1847 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1821 
 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Final Performance Provisions 
for Final Outperformance A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1848 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1822 
 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance A 
Underlying 
Wn 
[Final 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
[Final 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [
⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) Final 
Performance] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying) 
Final 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying) 
Final Outperformance A 
Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying) 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1849 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1823 
 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1850 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1824 
 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Final Performance Provisions 
for Final Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1851 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1825 
 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
[Final 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
[Final 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Final 
Performance] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying) 
[Final 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
Final Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying) 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1852 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1826 
 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1853 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1827 
 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Arithmetic 
Mean 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1854 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1828 
 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) 
Provisions: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Underlying 
Return (Final): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Return (Final): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Single Cap – 
Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor – 
Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable:

--- Page 1855 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1829 
 
Single Floor: [⚫]]] 
 
Single Cap – 
Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor – 
Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable:  
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater than] 
[less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Redemption Threshold 
Percentage: [⚫]% 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Redemption Performance 
Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Single Target Redemption (Barrier): [Barrier Event 
Satisfaction Required] 
[and] [Barrier 
Event 
Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Redemption 
Performance (Barrier Event [Not] Satisfied) 
Percentage: [⚫]] (repeat if necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple Best 
Performing] 
 
 
[Oasis Final Underlying Performance Percentage: [
⚫]%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis – 
Multiple Best Performing applies: 
 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis Final Underlying 
Performance Percentage 
1 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[⚫]% 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[⚫]% 
 
(repeat for each Best Oasis Performer, as appropriate, 
up to Best Oasis Performer X) 
[X] 
Best Oasis Performer [X] 
[⚫]% 
 
(G) 
Cliquet: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has

--- Page 1856 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1830 
 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)]  
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Product 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Sum 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Product 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Insert if Final Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Final Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, subject 
to a [Maximum Final Period Performance] [and] 
[Minimum Final Period Performance] [of [⚫]%] 
[and [⚫]%, respectively]. 
 
 
D is equal to [⚫].] 
 
 
C is equal to [⚫] per cent. 
 
II. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1857 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1831 
 
 
VI. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Cliquet 
Final 
Performance 
Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet Final 
Performance Floor/Global Lock-in Floor]]  
[Insert the following if Cliquet Final Performance 
Floor applies: 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer: [Highest 
(or equal highest) [positive] integer] [Lowest (or 
equal lowest) [positive] integer] 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Multiple: [⚫] [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [⚫] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: [⚫]]] 
 
XI. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) 
Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
[Cliquet A (Final)] [Cliquet B (Final)] [Cliquet C 
(Final)] [Cliquet A Absolute (Final)] [Cliquet B 
Absolute (Final)] [Cliquet C Absolute (Final)] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B (Final) or 
Cliquet B Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest (Final) applies. 
 
 
"U" means [⚫].

--- Page 1858 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1832 
 
 
 
 
Number of 
Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
[repeat 
rows 
for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest (Final) applies. 
Number of 
Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
[repeat 
rows 
for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C (Final) or 
Cliquet C Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Redemption Target: [⚫] 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Redemption Decimal: [⚫]]. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Cap: [⚫] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Floor: [⚫]] 
 
(H) 
Himalaya 
Final 
Performance 
– 
Asian 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub-
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1859 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1833 
 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Best 
of/Worst 
of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Initial 
Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred][:] [and] [[I/i]n respect of [insert 
relevant Redemption Underlying]:] [Closing Level 
on Redemption Strike Date/Arithmetic Average 
Closing Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Closing 
Level on Redemption Re-Strike Date FVD/Lowest 
Closing Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Lowest 
Intra-day 
Level 
on 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Redemption Strike 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Redemption 
Strike Dates/(specify (in table format, where

--- Page 1860 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1834 
 
appropriate) for each Redemption Underlying)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Redemption Strike Dates will need to be included) 
 
 
(repeat this sub-paragraph, as necessary) 
 
[Redemption 
Initial 
Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Redemption 
Initial 
Floor Percentage: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying(s)]:] [⚫]/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Final Reference Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] [[I/i]n respect of [insert relevant 
Redemption Underlying]:] [Closing Level on Final 
Valuation Date/Arithmetic Average Closing Level 
on Final Valuation Dates/Lowest Closing Level on 
Final Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Final Valuation Dates/Highest Closing Level on 
Final Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on 
Final Valuation Dates] 
 
 
(repeat this sub-paragraph, as necessary) 
 
(C) 
Redemption 
Strike 
Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred][and][the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [and] [the [Final Performance]/[⚫] 
in respect thereof] [and] [I/i]n respect of (insert 
relevant Redemption Underlying):] (repeat and 
complete this sub-paragraph as necessary for each 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
each 
purpose 
of 
determining whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred and/or each 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred and/or the determination of any 
[Final Performance]/[ ⚫] in respect thereof) 
[Redemption Initial Level/[ ⚫]/The Redemption 
Strike Level specified for each Redemption 
Underlying below: 
 
 
Redemption Underlying 
Redemption Strike Level 
[⚫] 
[Insert as appropriate - For 
the purpose of determining 
[whether 
a 
Redemption 
[Upper] 
[Lower] 
Barrier 
Event has occurred][and][the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption 
[Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred [and] [the

--- Page 1861 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1835 
 
[Final Performance]/[ ⚫] in 
respect thereof]:] 
[ ⚫] Redemption Initial 
Level] 
 
 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying, each relevant 
determination whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and/or 
each 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred and/or the determination of any [Final 
Performance]/[⚫] in respect thereof)] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
a 
Redemption Barrier Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert if appropriate - In respect of [insert relevant 
Redemption 
Underlying]:] 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable – [Redemption Barrier 
Event European Observation/Redemption Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption Barrier Event American 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation 
– 
Closing 
Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation – Intra-Day Level/Redemption Barrier 
Event American One-Touch Observation – Closing 
Level/Redemption Barrier Event American One-
Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
Final 
Reference 
Level 
Observation]][Target Redemption Barrier Event 
and, for which purpose: 
 
 
Target Redemption Threshold Amount: (specify 
aggregate amount in respect of all Interest Payment 
Dates and a Calculation Amount) 
 
 
[Include/Exclude] Any Interest Amount Due on 
Maturity Date] 
[Include Any Non-Contingent Interest Amount: 
Applicable (delete if not applicable)]] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies] 
 
(B) 
Final Barrier Level: 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] [[⚫]%/Reset Final Barrier 
Level/Latest Reset Final Barrier Level] [greater 
than (or equal to)] [[⚫]%] [being the Lower Final 
Barrier Level] [being the Upper Final Barrier Level] 
[and] [or] [less than] [less than (or equal to)] [[⚫]%] 
[being the Upper Final Barrier Level] [being the 
Lower Final Barrier Level] [of [the [sum of the] 
Redemption Initial Level of the [relevant] 
Redemption Barrier Underlying[s]/ [⚫] (specify, in 
table format, where appropriate, where different for 
different Redemption Barrier Underlyings)]]

--- Page 1862 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1836 
 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Reset Final Barrier Level or 
Latest Reset Final Barrier Level:  
[Reset Final Barrier Level/Latest Reset Final 
Barrier Level]: Applicable 
FBL Reset Floor Level: [⚫] 
[FBL 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance Product]/[Reference 
Level] Applicable] 
[FBL 
Latest 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance Product]/[Reference 
Level] Applicable] 
[FBL 
Performance 
Product 
Base 
Level: 
[Redemption Initial Level of the Redemption 
Barrier Underlying(s)]/[Redemption Strike Level of 
the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s)]/[⚫]] 
[Reset MER Underlying(s): [Insert if appropriate. 
In respect of [insert relevant MER Date and/or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event]:] [The 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/The Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)/Each 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlying (subject to a minimum of [
⚫] Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings)/Not 
Applicable]] 
(specify, in table format, where appropriate, where 
different 
for 
different 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlyings) 
(delete if not applicable)] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
redemption 
amount 
due 
or 
entitlement deliverable 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
Redemption Barrier Event is Not 
Applicable and the Redemption 
Amount is a Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[The Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the [[Put] [Call] 
[Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin Win] [Market 
timer] [Put Call Sum] Option] [Swaption] 
Provisions]/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
Redemption Barrier Event is 
Applicable 
 
 
(A) 
Provisions applicable to 
Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(N.B. If the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities, physical delivery of any Relevant Asset

--- Page 1863 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1837 
 
must be made in compliance with the provisions of 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended and the Investment Company Act of 1940, 
as amended) 
 
I. 
Settlement 
via 
Intermediary: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - For which purpose the 
Intermediary is [[The Calculation Agent] / [[⚫]] 
[Insert contact details for delivery of Asset Transfer 
Notice]]  
 
II. 
Failure 
to 
Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
7(a)(F) (Failure 
to Deliver due 
to Illiquidity)) 
 
 
III. 
Aggregation of 
Entitlements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Cash 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Tradeable Amount: [1/specify for each Relevant 
Asset] [Share] 
 
V. 
Entitlement 
Denominator: 
[Redemption Initial Level of the Entitlement 
Underlying]/[Redemption Strike Level of the 
Entitlement Underlying]/[⚫] 
(repeat this sub-paragraph in respect of each 
Entitlement Underlying, as necessary) 
 
VI. 
Entitlement 
Calculation 
Rounding 
Convention: 
[⚫] decimal places  
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
[Redemption Barrier Event [Final Performance 
FPU] [Underlying Closing Level] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than][less than or 
equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date[s] will be [ ⚫] [[each [any] 
Scheduled Trading Day [for all the Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted Day [for any Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Underlying] 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but

--- Page 1864 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1838 
 
excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫]]. 
 
[Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Underlying(s): 
[ ⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption 
Underlying/The Final Performance Underlying] 
[specify Underlying(s)] [Not Applicable]]  
(N.B.: 
Specify 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) as Not Applicable where Redemption 
Barrier Event Final Performance FPU applies)] 
 
(C) 
Redemption Amount due 
where no Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and 
no 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
is 
specified: 
[Applicable - [ ⚫] per Security/the Performance 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
determined 
in 
accordance with the [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable] 
[repeat as applicable] 
 
(D) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Percentage: 
[[⚫]%/ Not Applicable] 
[of the Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for the 
[relevant] 
[Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Underlying[s]][Final 
Performance 
Underlying[s]][Redemption Underlying[s]]] 
 
I. 
Upper 
Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
no 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has occurred: 
[Applicable - [ ⚫] per Security/the Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
determined 
in 
accordance with the [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred and a 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event has occurred]] 
 
II. 
Lower 
Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
no 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has occurred: 
[Applicable - [⚫] [per Security]/the Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
determined 
in 
accordance with the [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred and a 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event has not occurred]] 
 
(E) 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and 
no 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
is 
specified: 
[Applicable - [ ⚫] per Security/the Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
determined 
in 
accordance with [Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option Provisions] [Provisions applicable to 
Physical Delivery apply if a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred and no Redemption Lower 
Barrier Event is specified][Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[if applicable:

--- Page 1865 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1839 
 
 
 
[Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
Final 
Performance FPU]  
[Redemption Lower Barrier Event Underlying 
Closing Level]  
[Gemini Event 
The Gemini Mandatory Early Redemption Date[s] 
will be [⚫]. 
The Specified Gemini Event Valuation Date[s] will 
be [⚫] [[each] [any] Scheduled Trading Day [for all 
the Redemption [Lower] Barrier Underlyings] 
which is not a Disrupted Day [for any Redemption 
[Lower] Barrier Underlying] from [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫]].] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than][less than or 
equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date[s] will be [ ⚫] [[each] [any] 
Scheduled Trading Day [for all the Redemption 
[Lower] Barrier Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted Day [for any Redemption [Lower] 
Barrier Underlying] from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫]]. 
 
[Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier Underlying(s): 
[ ⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption 
Underlying/The Final Performance Underlying] 
[specify Underlying(s)] [Not Applicable]]  
(N.B.: 
Specify 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) as Not Applicable where Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event Final Performance FPU 
applies)] 
 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier Percentage: 
[[⚫]%/ Not Applicable] 
[of the Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for the 
[relevant] 
[Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Underlying[s]][Final 
Performance 
Underlying[s]][Redemption Underlying[s]]] 
 
(G) 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and 
a 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
is 
specified: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
I. 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
[Applicable - [ ⚫] per Security/the Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
determined 
in 
accordance with [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if

--- Page 1866 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1840 
 
Barrier 
Event 
has occurred: 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event has occurred]] 
 
II. 
Non 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has occurred: 
[Applicable - [⚫] [per Security]/the Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
determined 
in 
accordance with [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event has not occurred]] 
 
(H) 
Redemption 
Lock-in 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[Redemption Lock-in Event [Final Performance 
FPU] [Underlying Closing Level]] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than][less than or 
equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Lock-in Event Valuation 
Date[s] will be [⚫] [[each] [any] Scheduled Trading 
Day [for all the Redemption [Lock-in] Underlyings] 
which is not a Disrupted Day [for any Redemption 
[Lock-in] Underlying] from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫]]. 
 
[Redemption 
Lock-in 
Underlying(s): 
[ ⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption 
Underlying] [specify Underlying(s)] 
 
Redemption 
Lock-in 
Percentage: 
[In respect of the Specified Redemption Lock-in 
Event Valuation Date falling on [⚫]:] [[⚫][%] [of 
the Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for [⚫] [the 
[relevant] [Redemption Lock-in Underlying[s]] 
[Redemption Underlying[s]] [Final Performance 
Underlying[s]]]]] (Specify for each Redemption 
Lock-in Event Valuation Date if different) 
 
(I) 
Redemption 
Lock-in 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount due where a 
Redemption 
Lock-in 
Event has occurred 
Applicable - [ ⚫] per Security/the Performance-
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount 
determined 
in 
accordance with [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
[Lock-in] Option] [Swaption] Provisions 
 
Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Insert as appropriate: 
if a Redemption [[Upper] [Lower] Barrier] [Lock-
in] Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1867 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1841 
 
 
I. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Final Participation Rate 
("FPR"): 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not 
Applicable]  
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Insert as appropriate: 
if a Redemption [[Upper] [Lower] Barrier] [Lock-
in] Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 1868 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1842 
 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Final Participation Rate 
("FPR"): 
[[ ⚫] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Call Spread - Put Spread Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Insert as appropriate: 
if a Redemption [[Upper] [Lower] Barrier] [Lock-
in] Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Call Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
II. 
Put Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
III. 
Call Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Put Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
Final Participation Rate 
Call (FPR Call): 
[[⚫]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
XII. 
Final Participation Rate 
Put (FPR Put): 
[[⚫]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 1869 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1843 
 
 
XIII. 
Global 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
XIV. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Twin Win Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Insert as appropriate: 
if a Redemption [[Upper] [Lower] Barrier] [Lock-
in] Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
II. 
Final Participation Rate 
("FPR"): 
[[⚫]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Market Timer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Insert as appropriate: 
if a Redemption [[Upper] [Lower] Barrier] [Lock-
in] Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)]  
 
I. 
Specified Market Timer 
Redemption 
Strike 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[ [ ⚫]] [[ ⚫] [and [ ⚫]] [[ ⚫] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ⚫]]/ Each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Redemption 
Underlying which is not a Disrupted Day for that 
Redemption 
Underlying 
from 
[(and 
including)][(but excluding)] [
⚫] to [(and 
including)][(but excluding)] [⚫]] (where a different 
Specified Market Timer Redemption Strike Date 
applies for any Redemption Underlying, specify for 
each Redemption Underlying) 
 
II. 
Market 
Timer 
Redemption Initial Level: 
[Lowest 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Market 
Timer 
Redemption Strike Dates][Lowest Intra-day Level 
on Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates] (specify 
for each Redemption Underlying) 
 
III. 
Final Participation Rate 
("FPR"): 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1870 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1844 
 
 
IV. 
Maximum Market Timer 
Percentage: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum Market Timer 
Percentage 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Put Call Sum 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Insert as appropriate: 
if a Redemption [[Upper] [Lower] Barrier] [Lock-
in] Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)]  
 
I. 
Final Participation Rate 
("FPR"): 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
II. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Put Call Sum Floor: 
[[⚫]%] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Lock-in Option: 
[Applicable if a Redemption Lock-in Event 
occurs/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1871 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1845 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Final Participation Rate 
("FPR"): 
[⚫] 
 
Swaption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Final Participation Rate 
("FPR"): 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Annuity Factor: 
[+/-] [⚫] 
 
(C) 
Annuity Floor: 
[+/-] [⚫]% 
 
(D) 
t: 
[⚫] 
 
(E) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to Buy the Dip 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Initial 
Cash 
Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Initial 
Equity 
Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Trigger Event(i): 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
TABLE 
i 
Equity Allocation(i) 
Trigger Level(i) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
/[[⚫]% of the Initial 
Level 
of 
[the 
relevant 
Underlying] (specify 
where different for 
different 
Trigger 
Event(i), 
as 
applicable) 
(specify where relevant) 
 
(D) 
Cash Participation(Final) 
Date: 
[Observation Day(Final)]/[⚫] 
 
(E) 
Day Count Period Final 
End Date: 
[Observation Day(Final)]/[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Observation Day(Final): 
[The final Interest Valuation Date]/[Final Valuation 
Date]/[⚫]

--- Page 1872 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1846 
 
 
Redemption 
Underlying 
Valuation Provisions (for the 
purposes 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 1.8(a) or 
1.8(c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Averaging 
[Not Applicable]  
[Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the 
[Redemption Strike Dates/ Redemption Valuation 
Dates] [insert as appropriate - for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]]  (Repeat as necessary) (Only 
applicable where "Arithmetic Average Closing 
Level on Redemption Strike Dates" is specified for 
Redemption Initial Level and/or "Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Final Valuation Dates" is 
specified for Final Reference Level) 
[In the event that a [Redemption Strike Date/ 
Redemption Valuation Date] is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission /Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply] 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable][The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)(i)) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)) do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(C) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable/[⚫]] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)(i) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Closing Levels)) [apply/do not apply]]  
 
(D) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Preference 
Share-Linked 
Redemption Amount in respect of 
Preference 
Share 
Linked 
Securities (for the purposes of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.8(b)) 
[Applicable – The Securities are Preference Share 
Linked Securities] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Underlying: 
The Underlying

--- Page 1873 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1847 
 
 
(B) 
Specified 
Final 
Valuation Date: 
[⚫] Business Days following the Preference Share 
Valuation Date 
 
Split Payment Conditions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Fixed 
Rate 
Security 
(Split 
Payment 
Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Fixed 
Rate 
Security 
(Split 
Payment 
Conditions) (CRE): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Fixed 
Rate 
Security 
(Split 
Payment 
Conditions) (EE): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
(Split 
Payment Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Override 
Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Split 
Payment 
Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
CRE 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
CRE Redemption Date: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
CRE Coupon: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(J) 
CRE: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
[(if different, specify below the CRE applicable in 
respect of relevant Interest Payment Date(s), 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s), Redemption 
Date or other Payment Date(s)) 
[⚫]] 
 
(K) 
EE: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
[(if different, specify below the EE applicable in 
respect of relevant Interest Payment Date(s), 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s), Redemption 
Date or other Payment Date(s)) 
[⚫]] 
 
(L) 
CRE 
Adjusted 
Calculation Amount: 
[[ ⚫]/As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 11.5] 
 
(M) 
EE Adjusted Calculation 
Amount: 
[[ ⚫]/As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 11.5]

--- Page 1874 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1848 
 
 
(ii) 
DIR Inflation Linked Securities: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
DIR Index: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Base Index Figure: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Index Month X: 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Index Month Y: 
[⚫] (NB. This should be equal to Index Month X 
minus one) 
 
(E) 
Margin: 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Redemption 
Participation Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
Lock-in Redemption Securities: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(Only specify as applicable where "Lock-in Change 
of Interest Basis" is specified as applicable above) 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Lock-in 
Redemption 
Barrier: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Relevant 
Lock-in 
Percentage 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
(C) 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
(D) 
Redemption 
Participation Rate: 
[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Lock-in Strike Level: 
[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1875 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1849 
 
 
I. 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[Specify Underlying] 
 
(B) 
Spread Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Redemption 
Rate 1: 
[Specify Underlying] 
 
II. 
Redemption 
Rate 2: 
[Specify Underlying] 
 
(C) 
Lev: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Margin: 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[See also [insert item number of relevant interest 
provision under item 14 above] for basis for 
determining the Actual Interest Amounts. 
 
(A) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Redemption Reserve Securities: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(Specify applicable only if the Securities are also 
Reserve Coupon Securities. Where Reserve Coupon 
Securities Option 1 or Option 3 applies, specify 
applicable. Where Reserve Coupon Securities 
Option 2 applies, applicable or not applicable may 
be specified. If not applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Relevant 
Redemption 
Option: 
Option [1]/[2]/[3] 
(To follow the election set out in item 14(xi)(B) 
above) 
 
(B) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Redemption by Instalments: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1876 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1850 
 
[Applicable 
[IA Adjusted Calculation Amount: [[ ⚫]/Not 
Applicable]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[⚫] [As set out below: 
 
 
Instalment Dates 
Instalment Amounts 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]] 
 
(B) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[As set out above] [As set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
19. 
FX Provisions: 
[Applicable in respect of the [Interest Provisions 
[and][the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions 
[and][the 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Redemption Provisions]/Not Applicable] (repeat 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Quanto Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
FX: 
(specify rate for each relevant Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Compo FX Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Designated Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Cross Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(E) 
Cross 
Rate 
A 
Currency/Cross Rate B 
Currency: 
[[⚫] (Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (Cross Rate B 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units of [⚫] 
for which one unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
(F) 
Cross Rate I Designated 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(G) 
Cross Rate I Designated 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(H) 
Cross 
Rate 
A 
Currency/Cross Rate C 
Currency: 
[[⚫] (Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (Cross Rate C 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units of [⚫] 
for which one unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
(I) 
Cross Rate II Designated 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(J) 
Cross Rate II Designated 
Time: 
[⚫]

--- Page 1877 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1851 
 
20. 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable and for which purpose the FX Perf Rate 
shall be [the Underlying designated as such in item 
12(ii) above/determined as set out below and in the 
definition of FX Performance in the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(repeat paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable or the FX Perf Rate is per item 
13(ii), delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(i) 
FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B 
Currency: 
[[ ⚫] (FX Perf A Currency) / [ ⚫] (FX Perf B 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units of [⚫] 
for which one unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)]/Not 
Applicable as FX Perf Cross Rate applies] (If not 
applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(A) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
FX Perf Cross Rate: 
 
 
(A) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/ FX Perf Cross 
Rate B Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (FX Perf 
Cross Rate B Currency) [(expressed as the number 
of units of [⚫] for which one unit of [⚫] can be 
exchanged)] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/ FX Perf Cross 
Rate C Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (FX Perf 
Cross Rate C Currency) [(expressed as the number 
of units of [⚫] for which one unit of [⚫] can be 
exchanged)] 
 
(C) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(D) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(E) 
FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(F) 
FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
FX Perf Initial: 
[ ⚫] [As determined in accordance with the 
Conditions and the provisions hereof] 
 
(iv) 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[ ⚫] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, as required) [[last occurring] Specified 
[Interest][MER][Redemption] Strike Date (specify 
each as relevant where different dates apply)] 
 
(v) 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[ ⚫] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, as required) [[last occurring] Specified 
[Interest][MER][Final] Valuation Date (specify 
each as relevant where different dates apply)]

--- Page 1878 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1852 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
21. 
Credit Linked Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
2003 Reference Entity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Delete if "2014 
Reference Entity" is Applicable) 
 
(ii) 
2014 Reference Entity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Delete if "2003 
Reference Entity" is Applicable) 
(iii) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes][Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes][Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes][Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes][Index 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Portfolio 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes] [Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes][The Credit Linked Notes are also Zero 
Coupon Notes] 
 
• 
[Type of credit linkage: 
[Credit Linked Principal]/[Credit Linked Interest]] 
(Only include if 'Single Name Credit Linked Notes' 
is applicable) 
 
(iv) 
[Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Method: 
[Auction 
Redemption][Cash 
Redemption][Physical 
Redemption][Fixed Recovery Redemption] 
• 
[Fallback Redemption Method: 
[Cash 
Redemption][Physical 
Redemption][Not 
Applicable]]] (Delete this row if not applicable. Only 
include for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
 
(v) 
[Risk Event Redemption Method: 
[LA Cash Redemption][LA Physical Redemption][LA 
Fixed Recovery Redemption]] (Delete this row if not 
applicable) 
(vi) 
[Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[0 per cent.][[⚫] per cent.][100 per cent.]] (Delete this row 
if not applicable) 
(vii) 
[Credit Payment following Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if not 
applicable. This will not be applicable for Credit Linked 
Interest Notes) 
(viii) 
[Credit Payment following Risk 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if not 
applicable) 
 
(ix) 
[Credit Payment on Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
[Funding Interest Rate: 
[⚫] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable)]] (Delete this row if not applicable. This will 
not be applicable for Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
(x) 
Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[[⚫] [type of days] prior to] [Trade Date]/[Issue Date]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(xi) 
No Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [[Not Applicable. The 
Notes are Zero Coupon Notes] (Specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)]

--- Page 1879 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1853 
 
 
(xii) 
Zero 
Coupon 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (Only applicable for Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes and Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes which are also Zero Coupon Notes, where 
"2014 Reference Entity" is specified to be Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Premium Accreted Amount: 
[Applicable][ - Calculation Agent Determination of 
Premium Amortised Face Amount/Single Rate 
Amortisation Yield applies, for which purpose 
"Linear 
Accretion" 
[applies/does 
not 
apply]]/Multiple 
Rate 
Amortisation 
Yield 
applies]]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
or 
"Calculation 
Agent 
Determination 
of Premium Amortised 
Face 
Amount" is specified above, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[PRP Percentage: 
[⚫]%] (Specify if the Premium Reference Price is to be 
determined by reference to an alternative to the Issue 
Price. Otherwise delete this line-item) 
 
• 
[Amortisation Yield 
[⚫] [per cent. per annum] [on a [non-]compounding 
basis]] 
(If "Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified above, 
insert the below table) 
 
 
[Amortisation Yield Table 
 
 
i 
Calculation Period 
Amortisation 
Yield 
 
 
 
Start Date 
End Date 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[specify 
date] 
[specify 
date] 
[⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as required)] 
 
• 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Premium Payable on Default 
[30/360]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[Actual/365]/ 
[Premium Actual/Actual (ICMA), for which purpose the 
Premium Determination Dates shall be [⚫] in each year]] 
 
• 
Zero Coupon Percentage: 
[⚫] (Specify a percentage equal to the Issue Price unless 
a different percentage is appropriate) 
 
• 
Zero 
Coupon 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[⚫] (This relates to the Maturity Redemption Amount per 
Note and should be expressed as a percentage) 
 
• 
Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount: 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Zero Coupon 
Amortised 
Face 
Amount 
applies/ 
Single 
Rate 
Amortisation Yield applies, for which purpose "Linear 
Accretion" [applies/does not apply]/Multiple Rate 
Amortisation Yield applies]

--- Page 1880 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1854 
 
(If "Calculation Agent Determination of Zero Coupon 
Amortised Face Amount" is specified above, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[ZCRP Percentage: 
[⚫]%] (Specify if the Zero Coupon Reference Price is to 
be determined by reference to an alternative to the Issue 
Price. Otherwise delete this line-item) 
 
• 
[Amortisation Yield: 
[⚫] [per cent. per annum] [on a [non-]compounding 
basis]] 
(If "Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified above, 
insert the below table) 
 
 
[Amortisation Yield Table 
 
 
i 
Calculation Period 
Amortisation 
Yield 
 
 
 
Start Date 
End Date 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[specify 
date] 
[specify 
date] 
[⚫] 
 
 
(Repeat as required)] 
 
• 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount: 
[30/360]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[Actual/365]/ 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA), for which purpose the 
Determination Dates shall be [⚫] in each year]] 
 
(xiii) 
Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [[Not Applicable. The 
Notes are Zero Coupon Notes] (Specify for Zero Coupon 
Securities)] 
 
(xiv) 
Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the Interest 
Amount]/[⚫] as specified in item[s] [⚫] (cross refer to 
relevant 
interest 
provision 
above) 
above]/[Not 
Applicable] (Only specify applicable if 'Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes' is applicable and the Notes are 
Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
(xv) 
Non-Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the Interest 
Amount]/[⚫] as specified in item[s] [⚫] (cross refer to 
relevant 
interest 
provision 
above) 
above]/[Not 
Applicable] (Only specify applicable if 'Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes' is applicable and the Notes are 
Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
(xvi) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
• 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(Specify relevant information about the Reference Entity 
in paragraph 9 of Part B below)

--- Page 1881 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1855 
 
• 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level] [Subordinated Level][Senior Non-
Preferred Level] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
[Not Applicable] 
• 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where Applicable, specify Reference Obligation below if 
the fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply) 
 
• 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify Reference Obligations, including a short 
description thereof if the Reference Entity is not a 
sovereign, where applicable] 
 
 
Primary obligor: 
[⚫] 
 
 
ISIN: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Governing law: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Listed on the following 
stock 
exchanges 
/ 
Admitted to trading on the 
following markets 
[⚫] 
 
• 
[Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method and for Credit Linked Principal 
Notes, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method and for Credit Linked Principal 
Notes, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit Linked

--- Page 1882 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1856 
 
Conditions]] (Only include for Credit Linked Principal 
Notes, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' and 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable and for Credit 
Linked Principal Notes, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable and for Credit Linked Principal Notes, 
otherwise delete row) 
(xvii) 
Nth-to-Default 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
• 
Reference Entities, Transaction 
Type and Seniority Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto 
 
• 
Nth Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
 
• 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable][In 
respect 
of 
each 
Reference Entity, the obligation identified in respect of 
such Reference Entity in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked 
Notes) hereto, where applicable] 
(Where applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) in the 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto if the fallback to 
a Non-Standard Reference Obligation under paragraph 
(c) of the definition of "Reference Obligation" is to apply. 
Insert the Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity) 
 
• 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in Appendix 
1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable 
• 
[Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable, otherwise delete 
row) 
 
• 
[Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫]Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if Auction Redemption is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row)

--- Page 1883 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1857 
 
• 
[Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
• 
[Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' and 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable, otherwise 
delete row) 
• 
[Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
(xviii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction 
Type, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Obligations, 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional Amount and Seniority 
Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto (Credit Linked 
Notes) 
• 
Standard Reference Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable][In 
respect 
of 
each 
Reference Entity, the obligation identified in respect of 
such Reference Entity in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked 
Notes) hereto, where applicable] 
(Where applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto if the fallback to 
a Non-Standard Reference Obligation under paragraph 
(c) of the definition of "Reference Obligation" is to apply. 
Insert the Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity) 
 
• 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where 
applicable 
 
• 
[Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked

--- Page 1884 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1858 
 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
• 
[Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' and 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable, otherwise 
delete row) 
 
• 
[Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xix) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
• 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [ ⚫] Version] 
[Specify relevant CDX® index Series [⚫] Version] 
 
• 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
• 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
• 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify] 
• 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify] 
• 
Reference Entities and Reference 
Entity Weightings: 
As set out in the Index Annex with the Index Annex Date 
specified hereto 
 
• 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable][In 
respect 
of 
each 
Reference Entity, as specified in the Index Annex with the 
Index Annex Date specified hereto, where applicable] 
• 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the Index 
Annex with the Index Annex Date specified hereto, where 
applicable

--- Page 1885 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1859 
 
• 
[Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
• 
[Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
• 
[Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption' and 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable, otherwise 
delete row) 
 
• 
[Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xx) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Index: 
[[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series] Version [⚫]] 
[[Specify relevant CDX® index Series] Version [⚫]] 
 
• 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
 
• 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
 
• 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify] 
 
• 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Reference Entities and Reference 
Entity Weightings: 
As set out in the Index Annex with the Index Annex Date 
specified above

--- Page 1886 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1860 
 
 
• 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable][In 
respect 
of 
each 
Reference Entity, as specified in the Index Annex with the 
Index Annex Date specified hereto, where applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation, if any, 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the Index 
Annex with the Index Annex Date specified above 
 
• 
Attachment Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
• 
Exhaustion Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
• 
Tranche Size: 
[[⚫] per cent.] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[⚫]  [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Settled Entity Matrix: 
[Specify name and date of matrix] 
 
• 
Settled 
Entity 
Incurred 
Loss 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery 
Amount: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
[Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per the Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption Method, 
otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' 
is the Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
Index 
Tranched 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
• 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
• 
[Index 
Tranched 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
(xxi) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
• 
Index: 
[Specify][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1887 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1861 
 
• 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction 
Type, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and 
Seniority Level: 
[As set out in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto](Insert if 'Index' is applicable) 
[(Insert below table if 'Index' is not applicable) 
Reference 
Entity and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional  
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)] 
• 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable][In 
respect 
of 
each 
Reference Entity, as specified in Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable] 
(Where Applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) in the 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto if the fallback to 
a Non-Standard Reference Obligation under paragraph 
(c) of the definition of "Reference Obligation" is to apply. 
Insert the Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity) 
 
• 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where 
applicable 
 
• 
Attachment Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
• 
Exhaustion Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
• 
Tranche Size: 
[⚫] per cent. (This is the Exhaustion Point minus the 
Attachment Point) 
 
• 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[⚫] (This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount, 
divided by (b) the Tranche Size) 
 
• 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio Size 
and (b) the Attachment Point) 
 
• 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio Size 
and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion Point) 
 
• 
[Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction Redemption is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is the

--- Page 1888 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1862 
 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
• 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
• 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
• 
[Portfolio 
Tranched 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
(xxii) 
Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Entity: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Asset(s): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Assets Call/Maturity 
Date: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Assets Conditions Date: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Assets Only Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Applicable Principal Currency 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[The aggregate principal amount of Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes outstanding] 
 
• 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Custodian: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable:  
[Inconvertibility Event]/ 
[Ownership Restriction Event]/ 
[Settlement/Custodial Event]/ 
[Non-Viability Trigger Event]/ 
[Market Value Trigger Event – Market Value Trigger 
Level: [⚫] per cent. (Specify)]/ 
[Reference Assets Restructuring Event]]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Additional Risk Event Start Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date]

--- Page 1889 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1863 
 
 
• 
LA Interest Amount: 
[As specified in the Credit Linked Conditions] [⚫] 
[Interest Payment Date, 
in each case, subject as 
provided in the Credit 
Linked Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount: 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] 
divided by the applicable 
FX Rate 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] 
divided by the applicable 
FX Rate] 
 
• 
FX Forward Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the below sub-paragraphs) 
 
• 
[LCY: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Assets Forward Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Assets FX Forward 
Notional: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Assets FX Forward 
Termination Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal:   [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
[LA Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' is 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]  
 
• 
[LA Physical Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if Physical Redemption is the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, otherwise delete row) 
 
• 
[Final LA 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' and 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable, otherwise 
delete row) 
 
• 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
• 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal:   [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) 
Local 
Access 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1890 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1864 
 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Entities, 
Reference 
Assets, 
Reference 
Assets 
Call/Maturity 
Date, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount, 
Reference Assets Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
and 
Reference 
Assets 
Conditions Date: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto. 
 
• 
Reference Assets Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Applicable 
Principal 
Currency Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto][The aggregate principal 
amount of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
outstanding] 
 
• 
Settlement 
Currency 
Principal Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Custodian: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: 
[Inconvertibility Event] 
[Ownership Restriction Event] 
[Settlement/Custodial Event] 
[Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event – 
Reference Assets Trigger Level: [⚫] per cent. [Specify]] 
[Non-Viability Trigger Event] 
[Market Value Trigger Event – Market Value Trigger 
Level: [⚫] per cent. [Specify]] 
[Reference Assets Restructuring Event]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Additional Risk Event 
Start Date: 
[Trade Date][Issue Date] 
 
• 
LA Interest Amount: 
[As specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][⚫]

--- Page 1891 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1865 
 
 
 
[LA Interest Payment 
Date, in each case, 
subject as provided in 
the Credit Linked 
Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount: 
 
 
[⚫] 
[local currency amount] 
divided 
by 
the 
applicable FX Rate 
 
 
[⚫] 
[local currency amount] 
divided 
by 
the 
applicable FX Rate] 
 
• 
FX Forward Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[LCY: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference 
Assets Forward 
Rate: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto 
 
• 
Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward 
Notional: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto] 
 
• 
Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward 
Termination 
Date: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto] 
 
• 
LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'LA Cash Redemption' is 
applicable) 
 
• 
LA Cash Redemption 
Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'LA Cash Redemption' is 
applicable) 
 
• 
LA Physical Redemption 
Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date specified 
in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'LA Physical Redemption' is 
the Credit Event Redemption Method) 
 
• 
[Final 
LA 
Cash 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash Redemption' and 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable, otherwise 
delete row) 
 
• 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]

--- Page 1892 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1866 
 
 
• 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Principal: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
Index Swaption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Administrator/ 
Benchmark Event (Limb 
(3)): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Eligible Swaption Index: 
[⚫] [(Specify Index name)] Series [⚫] Version [⚫] 
 
• 
Relevant Annex:  
[⚫] 
 
• 
Index Annex Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Index Sponsor:  
[⚫] 
 
• 
Index Publisher:  
[⚫] 
 
• 
Documentation Form: 
[[⚫] (Specify name of supplement, publisher and date of 
publication)] [incorporating the [ ⚫](Specify name of 
supplement, publisher and date of publication)] 
 
• 
Index Swaption Trade 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Effective Date:  
[⚫] 
 
• 
Index 
Swaption 
Expiration Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Index 
Swaption 
Settlement Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Swaption 
Original 
Notional Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Hypothetical 
Swap 
Counterparty: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited]/[⚫] 
 
• 
Strike Level: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Final Level: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Final Valuation Date:  
[⚫] 
 
• 
Swaption 
Interest 
Amount Payment Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Swaption 
FX 
Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[Index Swaption Cash 
Settlement Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Index 
Swaption 
Cash 
Settlement Spot Rate: 
[⚫]]

--- Page 1893 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1867 
 
 
(xxv) 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date: 
[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] [[⚫] Business Days 
following the later to occur of (a) any scheduled payment 
date or the (b) Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix 
Standard Terms: 
[Applicable: As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement Matrix), as amended pursuant to the relevant 
elections in this Part A (Contractual Terms)] 30  [Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
[Transaction Type: 
[ ⚫] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix Standard 
Terms are applicable)] 
 
(xxvii) [Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix 
Elections: 
Restructuring: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Monoline Supplement: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Include where the Transaction Type is "Standard North 
American Corporate" otherwise delete) 
 
(xxviii) Credit Event[(s)]: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
• 
Default Requirement: 
[[ ⚫] or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available Information: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) 
Obligations: 
 
 
• 
Obligation Category: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
• 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)]  
 
• 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] [As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
• 
All Guarantees: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable 
(xxx) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
30  
Drafting Note: Include the corresponding election from the relevant Schedule in Appendix 2. If the applicable "Transaction Type" is (i) Standard 
North American Corporate, see Schedule 1, (ii) Standard European Corporate/Standard European Financial Corporate/Standard European CoCo 
Financial Corporate/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred Financial Corporate/Standard European Limited Recourse Corporate, see 
Schedule 2, (iii) Standard Subordinated European Insurance Corporate, see Schedule 3, (iv) Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN, see 
Schedule 4, (v) Standard Emerging European Corporate, see Schedule 5, (vi) Standard Latin America Corporate B, see Schedule 6, (vii) Standard 
Latin America Corporate BL, see Schedule 7, (viii) Standard Australia Corporate/Standard Australia Financial Corporate, see Schedule 8, (ix) 
Standard New Zealand Corporate/Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate, see Schedule 9, (x) Standard Japan Corporate/Standard Japan 
Financial Corporate, see Schedule 10, (xi) Standard Singapore Corporate/Standard Singapore Financial Corporate, see Schedule 11, (xii) 
Standard Asia Corporate/Standard Asia Financial Corporate, see Schedule 12, (xiii) Standard Western European Sovereign, see Schedule 13, 
(xiv) Standard Latin America Sovereign, see Schedule 14, (xv) Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign, see Schedule 15, 
(xvi) Standard Australia Sovereign, see Schedule 16, (xvii) Standard New Zealand Sovereign, see Schedule 17, (xviii) Standard Japan Sovereign, 
see Schedule 18, (xix) Standard Singapore Sovereign, see Schedule 19, (xx) Standard Asia Sovereign, see Schedule 20, (xxi) Standard U.S. 
Municipal Full Faith and Credit, see Schedule 21, (xxii) Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund, see Schedule 22 and (xxiii) Standard U.S. 
Municipal Revenue, see Schedule 23.

--- Page 1894 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1868 
 
 
• 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30/[[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
• 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
• 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] [As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
• 
All Guarantees: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxi) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxii) Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxiii) 2014 Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery Supplement to the 2014 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxiv) Monoline Supplement: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxv) LPN Additional Provisions: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxvi) Additional Provisions for the 
Hellenic 
Republic 
(May 
29, 
2012): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxvii) Additional Provisions for the 
Republic of Ukraine: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 
2016): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxviii) 2020 Additional Provisions for the 
Republic of Ecuador: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligations 
(December 11, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xxxix) 2020 Additional Provisions for the 
Argentine Republic: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligations 
(September 16, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)]

--- Page 1895 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1869 
 
 
(xl) 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xli) 
Additional Provisions for the 
Russian Federation (August 13, 
2004): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xlii) 
Additional Provisions for Certain 
Venezuelan Entities: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligations 
(September 19, 2017): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xliii) 
Additional Provisions for Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations 
(published 
on 
December 8, 2017): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xliv) 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
• 
[Trigger Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
(xlv) 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
• 
Fallback Discounting: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
• 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xlvi) 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional 
Provisions (December 2, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
 
(xlvii) 
[2012 ISDA 
U.S. 
Municipal 
Reference Entity Supplement to 
the 
2003 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
[As set out in Appendix [2] (Physical Settlement Matrix) 
hereto]30 [[Specify] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)]] (Include if "2003 
Reference Entity" is applicable) 
(xlviii) Single Notifying Party Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
(xlix) 
Movement Option: 
[Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Fully 
Transferable Obligation Applicable] (Include where Mod 
R applies) [Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable] 
(Include where Mod Mod R applies) [Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable [as Fallback Redemption Method]][Not 
Applicable] (This will not be applicable to Credit Linked 
Interest Notes)

--- Page 1896 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1870 
 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
• 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
Number of Business Days:  
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions]] 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
[⚫] Business Days and each [⚫] Business Days thereafter. 
[Number of Valuation Dates: [⚫]]] 
 
• 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest][Market][Average 
Highest][Average 
Market][Lowest] 
 
• 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market] 
 
• 
Quotation Dealers: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
• 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued Interest][As 
per Credit Linked Condition 18(a)(ii)(III) (Determination 
of Final Price)] 
 
(li) 
Physical Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (This will not be applicable 
to Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days] [As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
• 
[Include Accrued Interest: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
• 
Fallback Cash Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(lii) 
Partial 
Cash 
Redemption 
Terms/Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (Only applicable for 
Physical Redemption and not applicable for Credit 
Linked Interest Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
• 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(liii) 
Redemption Following Merger: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable for Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
• 
Merger Redemption Amount: 
[[As specified in paragraph (a)(i) [or (b)(i)] (insert if the 
Notes may also be redeemed in part) of the definition of 
Merger Redemption Amount] /[Each Note's pro rata

--- Page 1897 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1871 
 
share of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal 
to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Credit Linked Notes minus (ii) the Unwind Costs, if any]/ 
[[Subject as provided in the definition of Merger 
Redemption Amount, the] Early Termination Amount, 
being: [Fair Market Value] [Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) [at maturity] [with Holder Put 
Option]] [Principal Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity [with 
Holder Put Option]] [Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option] [Best of Amount] [Zero Coupon Amortised Face 
Amount (Specify for Single Name CLNs or Linear Basket 
CLNs which are Zero Coupon Securities unless a different 
amount is appropriate)] [[⚫]] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader calculation) 
is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
(liv) 
Settlement Currency: 
[Specify][As per the General Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
22. 
Index Skew Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions: 
(a) 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction; 
and 
(b) 
Hypothetical Single Name Set 
 
(ii) 
Index Skew Positions: 
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as applicable)] 
of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index 
Untranched Transaction 
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as applicable)] 
of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name 
Set 
(iii) 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty: 
[Citibank, N.A. (Specify the relevant branch, where 
relevant)]/[Citigroup Global Markets Limited]/[⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction General Terms:

--- Page 1898 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1872 
 
 
• 
Eligible Index: 
[[⚫] (Specify name and sponsor of Eligible Index)] Series 
[⚫] Version [⚫] [published by [⚫]] 
 
• 
Eligible Index Annex: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Eligible Index Annex Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Documentation Form: 
[[⚫] (Specify name of supplement, publisher and date of 
publication)] [incorporating the [⚫] (Specify name of 
supplement, publisher and date of publication)] 
 
• 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Effective Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Original Notional Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
Hypothetical 
Single 
Name 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
• 
Documentation Form: 
[Confirmation for use with Credit Derivatives Physical 
Settlement Matrix (version [⚫] – [[⚫] (Specify date of 
publication)] –  2014 Definitions Version] [and 
incorporating [[⚫] (Specify name of supplement, publisher 
and date of publication, if applicable)]] 
 
• 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Effective Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Matrix Publication Date: 
[Effective Date of the Eligible Index]/[⚫] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
23. 
Form of Securities: 
[Registered Securities 
 
 
Regulation S Global Registered [insert in respect of 
Notes: Note] / [insert in respect of Certificates: 
Certificate] Security [(U.S.$[⚫] principal amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/[a 
common 
depositary for Euroclear France]/Rule 144A Global 
Registered Note Security [(U.S.$[⚫] principal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/ a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg])]/Combined Global Registered Note 
Security [(U.S.$[⚫] principal amount)] registered in 
the name of a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream,

--- Page 1899 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1873 
 
Luxembourg]/[a common depositary for Euroclear 
France] 
 
 
[Swedish Securities - insert details (including 
details of the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agent and the provisions of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement which apply to the Securities)]] 
 
 
[Finnish Securities – insert details (including details 
of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent]] 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Securities are French Law Securities, delete the above in its 
entirety and replace with the following: 
 
[Form of Securities: 
[French Bearer Securities (au porteur) / French 
Registered Securities in a registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif)]  
 
Representation of Securityholders / 
Masse: 
[Full Masse / Contractual Masse / Contractual 
Representation of Securityholders / No Masse ] 
(If "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is 
specified, specify the details of the initial 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if 
any, and their remuneration. Otherwise, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Name and address of the initial Representative: [⚫] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration] / 
[The Representative will receive a remuneration of 
[⚫]]. 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [
⚫] 
[The alternate Representative will receive no 
remuneration] / [The alternate Representative will 
receive a remuneration of [⚫]]. 
[As long as the French Law Securities are held by a 
single Securityholder such Securityholder will  
exercise directly the powers delegated to the 
Representative 
and 
General 
Meetings 
of 
Securityholders under the General Conditions. A 
Representative shall be appointed when the French 
Law Securities of a Series are held by more than one 
Securityholder.] 
 
Identification 
information 
of  
Securityholders in relation to French Law 
Securities (General Condition 2): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[No/Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies] [Not 
Applicable] 
25. 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of 
Business 
Day 
in 
General 
Condition 
21 
(Definitions))

--- Page 1900 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1874 
 
26. 
Business Day Jurisdiction(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment for the purposes of General Condition 8(g) 
(Payment Days)) 
27. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 18 (Redenomination) apply] 
28. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
of 
General 
Condition 14 (Further Issues) apply 
29. 
Substitution provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor) 
apply] 
 
(i) 
Additional Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
[Additional French Law Securities 
Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
30. 
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent: 
[Citibank, 
N.A./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited/Citigroup Global Markets Inc.] [(acting 
through its [⚫] department/group (or any successor 
department/group))] at [⚫]] 
31. 
[Determination Agent: 
[Calculation Agent] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify an entity other than the Calculation Agent 
where the Calculation Agent is the Fiscal Agent. If 
no 
Determination 
Agent 
is 
specified, 
the 
Determination Agent will be the Calculation Agent)]  
32. 
Determinations: 
 
 
(i) 
Standard: 
[Sole and Absolute Determination/Commercial 
Determination] 
(Specify 
"Commercial 
Determination" 
where 
"Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC)" 
is applicable) 
(Specify "Commercial Determination" where the 
Securities are French Law Securities or Italian 
Listed Notes) 
 
(ii) 
Minimum Amount Adjustment 
Prohibition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
33. 
Determinations and Exercise of 
Discretion (BEC): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
34. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in 
Belgium: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" only where Securities are 
distributed to consumers in Belgium) 
35. 
Additional provisions applicable to 
Securities traded on Borsa Italiàna 
S.p.A trading venues: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1901 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1875 
 
 
(i) 
Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza) 
(for 
the 
purposes 
of 
SeDex/EuroTLX): 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Record Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Trading Lot: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Applicable in respect of Securities to be 
admitted to trading on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. trading 
venues only. The Minimum Trading Lot is as 
determined by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) 
36. 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3)): Not 
Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If 
"Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark Event" is Applicable: 
Early 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount]/[Other]] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or 
as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]] 
(Include where any "Benchmark" (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 3) is applicable 
in respect of the Securities)  
37. 
[Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
[Reference Rate(s): [As specified above]/[⚫]]   
[Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii)): Not Applicable] 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate(s): [⚫
]/[Not Applicable] 
Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If 
"Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption" 
is 
Applicable: 
Early 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if

--- Page 1902 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1876 
 
any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount]/[Other]  
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or 
as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]] 
(Include where any "Reference Rate" (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 10.1) is 
applicable in respect of the Securities)  
38. 
Other final terms: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
[Swedish Securities: 
The Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts 
from the register of creditors (Sw. skuldbok) from 
Euroclear Sweden – only applicable for Swedish 
Securities] 
 
(ii) 
[Finnish Securities: 
The Issuer shall, subject to regulations of Euroclear 
Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire 
from Euroclear Finland a list of the holders of 
Finnish Securities, PROVIDED THAT it is 
technically possible for Euroclear Finland to 
maintain such a list – only applicable for Finnish 
Securities] 
 
(iii) 
Schedule A – Citigroup Inc. 
TLAC eligible Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Specify Applicable only where the Securities are 
issued by Citigroup Inc. and are intended to be 
TLAC eligible. Specify Not Applicable where the 
Securities are issued by Citigroup Inc. and are not 
intended to be TLAC eligible and for Securities 
issued by CGMHI or CGMFL) 
 
(iv) 
Indian 
Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
China 
Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Taiwan 
Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1903 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1877 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ..................................................................  
Duly authorised]31  
 
 
31 Above signature block to be deleted and this document should not be signed unless there is a specific requirement to do so for the particular trade.

--- Page 1904 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1878 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the [Tranche [⚫]] Securities to 
be admitted to trading on  
[the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [the Global Exchange Market of 
Euronext Dublin] [the multilateral trading facility of 
securitised 
derivatives 
financial 
instruments, 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the 
"SeDeX") / the multilateral trading facility of 
EuroTLX managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. [Bond-
X]/[Cert-X] Segment ("EuroTLX")]]/[the Open 
Market (Regulated Unofficial Market (Freiverkehr)) 
of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG)]/[the multilateral trading facility of the Vienna 
MTF 
of 
the 
Vienna 
Stock 
Exchange]/[the 
multilateral trading facility of the NASDAQ 
Stockholm MTF of NASDAQ Stockholm AB]/[the 
multilateral trading facility of the International 
Securities Market of the London Stock Exchange 
plc]/[the multilateral trading facility of the 
SPECTRUM]/[specify other] 
[and to listing on [the official list of [Euronext 
Dublin/Euronext Paris/the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/the NASDAQ Stockholm AB/the Italian 
Stock Exchange]] [the Open Market (Regulated 
Unofficial Market (Freiverkehr)) of the [Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)]]/[the Vienna 
Stock Exchange] [specify other] with effect from on 
or around [⚫] [of the Tranche [⚫] Securities]] [Not 
Applicable]  
(Where the Securities are listed and admitted to 
trading on more than one exchange, repeat as 
necessary) 
 
 
[Tranche [⚫] of the Securities has been admitted to 
trading on  [the Euro MTF market of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange]/[the 
Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin]/[the SeDeX] 
[the EuroTLX [Bond-X]/[Cert-X] Segment]]/[the 
Open 
Market 
(Regulated 
Unofficial 
Market 
(Freiverkehr)) of the [Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt AG)]] [the multilateral trading 
facility of the Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock 
Exchange]/ [the multilateral trading facility of the 
NASDAQ 
Stockholm 
MTF 
of 
NASDAQ 
Stockholm AB]/ [the multilateral trading facility of 
the International Securities Market of the London 
Stock Exchange]/ [the multilateral trading facility of 
the SPECTRUM]/[specify other]  
[and to listing on the official list of [the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/Euronext Dublin/Euronext Paris/ 
the NASDAQ Stockholm AB/the Italian Stock 
Exchange] [the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial

--- Page 1905 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1879 
 
Market (Freiverkehr)) of the [Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)]]/[the Vienna Stock 
Exchange]/[specify other] with effect from [⚫]/[[⚫] 
of the Tranche [⚫] Securities]] (Where documenting 
a fungible issue, need to indicate that original 
Securities are already admitted to trading) 
 
[Estimated expenses relating to admission 
to trading: 
[⚫]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Securities are [not] rated. [The rating of the 
Securities is: 
 
 
(i) 
[S&P:  
[⚫]] 
 
 
(ii) 
[Moody's: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
[Fitch:  
[⚫]] 
 
 
(iv) 
[[Other]: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Securities of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INFORMATION ABOUT [THE PAST AND FUTURE PERFORMANCE AND 
VOLATILITY OF THE OR EACH UNDERLYING][AND][THE FLOATING RATE OF 
INTEREST] 
 
[Information about the past and future performance of the or each Underlying is electronically 
available [free of charge][at a charge] from [the applicable Electronic Page(s) specified for such 
Underlying in Part A above][⚫].] 
 
[Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Securities is 
electronically available [free of charge][at a charge] from the relevant [Electronic Page][Page][⚫
].] 
 
(Include details about where information about the past and future performance of the or each 
Underlying and its volatility can be obtained) 
 
(Where the Underlying is an index, include the name of the index, the index administrator and 
details of where the information about the index can be obtained.) 
4. 
DISCLAIMER 
 
 
[include disclaimer for indices which are not Citi Proprietary Indices] 
 
[Citi Proprietary Index Disclaimer 
 
 
None of the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]32 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]33, [⚫] (the "Index 
Sponsor" [and the "Index Calculation Agent"]) for [the Underlying/[⚫]] and any of their 
respective directors, officers, employees, representatives, delegates or agents (each a "Relevant 
Person") makes any express or implied representations or warranties as to (a) the advisability of 
purchasing the Securities, (b) the level(s) of [the Underlying/[⚫]] at any particular time on any 
particular date, (c) the results to be obtained by any investor in the Securities or any other person 
or entity, from the use of [the Underlying/[⚫]] or any data included therein for any purpose, (d) the 
 
32 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
33 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1906 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1880 
 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of [the Underlying/[⚫]] or (e) any other matter. 
Each Relevant Person hereby expressly disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, 
all warranties of accuracy, completeness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with 
respect to [the Underlying/[⚫]]. No Relevant Person shall have any liability (direct or indirect, 
special, punitive, consequential or otherwise) to any person even if notified of the possibility of 
damages. [The Index Sponsor is not/Neither the Index Sponsor nor the Index Calculation Agent is] 
under any obligation to continue the calculation, publication and dissemination of [the 
Underlying/[⚫]] nor shall they have any liability for any errors, omissions, interruptions or delays 
relating to [the Underlying/[⚫]]. The Index Sponsor [and the Index Calculation Agent] shall [each] 
act as principal and not as agent or fiduciary of any other person. 
 
Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Any numbers or figures presented as past 
performance of [the Underlying/[⚫]] prior to its launch date (however defined in the Index 
Conditions) may include performances calculated from back-testing simulations. Any back testing 
is illustrative only and derived from proprietary models based on certain historic data and 
assumptions and estimates. Such back-testing information should not be considered indicative of 
the actual results that might be obtained from an investment or participation in the Securities. Any 
scenario analysis is for illustrative purposes only and does not represent the actual performance of 
[the Underlying/[⚫]] nor does it purport to describe all possible performance outcomes for [the 
Underlying/[⚫]]. 
 
As at the date hereof, [the Underlying/[⚫]] is described in full in the Index Conditions which are 
set out [in the Schedule attached hereto] [specify]. Any decision to invest in the Securities should 
be based upon the information contained in the Base Listing Particulars and this Pricing 
Supplement [and such Index Conditions] only. 
 
The Underlying is proprietary and confidential to the Index Sponsor. No person may use [the 
Underlying/[ ⚫]] in any way or reproduce or disseminate the information relating to [the 
Underlying/[⚫]] without the prior written consent of the Index Sponsor (save in respect of the 
distribution of the terms of the Securities using customary clearing and settlement procedures). 
[The Underlying/[⚫]] is not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by the issuer or sponsor, 
as applicable, of any of its constituents.] 
 
[Bloomberg® 
 
 
Certain information contained in this Pricing Supplement consists of extracts from or summaries 
of information that is publicly-available from Bloomberg L.P. ("Bloomberg®"). The Issuer [and 
the CGMHI Guarantor]34 [and the CGMFL Guarantor]35 accept[s] responsibility for accurately 
reproducing such extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor are]36 
[and the CGMFL Guarantor are]37 [is] aware and are able to ascertain from such publicly-available 
information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. Bloomberg® makes no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, 
as to the accuracy of the reproduction of such information, and accepts no responsibility for the 
reproduction of such information or for the merits of an investment in the Securities. Bloomberg® 
does not arrange, sponsor, endorse, sell or promote the issue of the Securities.] 
 
[Insert for any SOFR rate: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse, or recommend any products 
or services offered by the Issuer.] 
[Insert where (i) information relating to SONIA is copied, published, distributed or transmitted; 
(ii) information relating to SONIA is adapted; or (iii) information relating to SONIA is exploited 
commercially or non-commercially in relation to SONIA: Contains public sector information 
licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0.] 
 
34 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
35 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
36 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
37 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1907 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1881 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
 
Common Code: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
CUSIP: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
WKN: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
Valoren: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]38, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code ]38, as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and DTC and 
the relevant identification number(s) and 
details relating to the relevant depositary, if 
applicable: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
references to the [Relevant Clearing System/[⚫]] 
shall be deemed to be references to such clearing 
system] 
[The Securities will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & International Limited ("CREST") 
via 
the 
CREST 
Depository 
Interest 
(CDI) 
mechanism.] 
 
 
[Euroclear 
Sweden 
AB]/[Euroclear 
Finland 
Oy]/[Euroclear France S.A.] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus/free of] payment 
 
Names and address of the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
Citibank Europe plc (Sweden Branch), Stockholm, 
Sweden]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and address of the Finnish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
[Nordea Bank Abp, Aleksis Kiven Katu 3-5, 
Helsinki, Finland]/[Not Applicable]  
 
Names and address of the French Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent (if any): 
[Citibank Europe plc, at 1 North Wall Quay, 
Dublin 1, Ireland]/[Not Applicable]  
 
[If no French Law Securities Registration Agent has been appointed, delete the following: 
 
Names and address of the French Law 
Securities Registration Agent (if any): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]  
 
38 The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable it is correct.

--- Page 1908 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1882 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Securities are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, 
that is, held under the New Safekeeping Structure,] 
[Include this text for Registered Securities which are 
to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure or 
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Securities are capable of meeting 
them the Securities may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Securities will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Reasons for the issue: 
The 
Securities 
are 
[Green 
Bonds][Social 
Bonds][Social Finance Bonds]. [insert further 
particulars 
if 
different 
from 
"Investment 
Considerations" section]] 
(Include for Green Bonds. Where the Securities are 
Green Bonds, include further particulars, including 
a description of any Eligible Green Assets, where 
necessary) 
(Include for Social Bonds. Where the Securities are 
Social Bonds, include further particulars, including 
a description of the affordable housing assets, where 
necessary. Securities may only be Social Bonds if 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI is the Issuer) 
(Include for Social Finance Bonds. Where the 
Securities are Social Finance Bonds, include further 
particulars, including a description of any Social 
Finance Assets, where necessary. Securities may 
only be Social Finance Bonds if Citigroup Inc. or 
CGMHI is the Issuer) 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 1909 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1883 
 
 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses of the Lead Manager 
and the other Managers and 
underwriting commitments]: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments and statement of portion 
not covered] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
"best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers) 
 
(iii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable][⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
(vi) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[None] 
[[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount] 
[[⚫] per cent. per Security] 
[No commissions and concessions are payable by 
the Issuer to the Dealer. The [(specify type of fee or 
commission)] payable by the Dealer to any 
distributor [is]/[shall not exceed] [ ⚫] [of the 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount]/[per 
Security]. 
Investors can obtain more information about the fee 
by contacting the Dealer at the address set out 
herein]  
 
(Specify other applicable fee arrangements) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland: 
[Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of the 
Securities during [the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat as 
necessary)]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable [, other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities in [specify 
jurisdiction(s) for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being 
prepared] [during the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat as 
necessary)]] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the relevant 
specified jurisdiction(s) for the relevant specified 
period(s), "Applicable" should be specified and 
details provided accordingly) 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
Not Applicable/Applicable [during the period[s] [⚫
]-[⚫] (repeat as necessary)]] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be

--- Page 1910 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1884 
 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the relevant 
specified jurisdiction(s) for the relevant specified 
period(s), "Applicable" should be specified and 
details provided accordingly) 
7. 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
 
General: [For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the Securities as 
[debt/fixed- rate debt/fixed-rate debt issued with OID/contingent payment debt instruments, [for 
which purpose, the comparable yield relating to the Securities will be [⚫]% compounded [semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] and the projected payment schedule with respect to a Security consists 
of the following payments: [⚫] /for which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment 
schedule are available by contacting [⚫] at [⚫]]/variable rate debt instruments/variable rate debt 
instruments issued with OID/foreign currency Securities/foreign currency Securities issued with 
OID/foreign currency contingent payment debt instruments, [for which purpose, the comparable 
yield relating to the Securities will be [⚫]% compounded [semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] and 
the projected payment schedule with respect to a Security consists of the following payments: [⚫] 
/for which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule are available by 
contacting [⚫] at [⚫]]/short-term Securities/prepaid forward contracts or options/prepaid forward 
contracts or options with associated periodic payments/a put and a deposit, for which purpose, the 
Issuer will treat [⚫]% of each coupon on a Security as interest on the deposit and [⚫]% as put 
premium/[specify other]]. [The Securities are Non-U.S. Securities]. 
 
Section 871(m) 
 
(Use this paragraph if the Section 871(m) determinations are final.) [The Issuer has determined 
that the Securities are Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial 
equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for additional 
information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to calculate the 
amounts of dividend equivalents for the Securities.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities 
are Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2027 and (ii) the Securities 
have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one 
or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Securities are 
not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one 
or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities and, therefore, that the Securities are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined 
that the Securities are not Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial 
equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities 
are not Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2027 and (ii) the 
Securities do not have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities are not 
Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m).] 
 
(Use this paragraph instead if the Section 871(m) determinations are indicative and will be 
updated at issuance.) [The following is based on information available as of the date of this Pricing 
Supplement. [The Issuer would treat the Securities as Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" 
test or the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below 
for additional information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to 
calculate the amounts of dividend equivalents for the Securities.]/[The Issuer would treat the 
Securities as Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2027 and (ii) 
the Securities have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs 
because the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified 
Index Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because the 
underlying asset(s) consist solely of one or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are 
Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as 
Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in 
the table below.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue 
Date for the Securities is prior to 2027 and (ii) the Securities do not have a "delta" of one.] This 
information is indicative and will be updated based on circumstances at the time the

--- Page 1911 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1885 
 
Securities are issued. Please [contact []]/[review the amended Pricing Supplement] for 
further information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Securities.] 
 
[The Securities are Specified Current Payment Securities./The Securities are Specified Net Total 
Return Securities.] 
 
(Include table below if (i) the Securities are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the Securities are not Specified 
ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test.) 
 
Underlying 
Asset 
Underlying 
Securities 
(Y/N) 
Qualified 
Index/ 
Qualified Index 
Security (Y/N) 
Simple 
Contract (Y/N) 
Delta (if Simple 
Contract) 
Substantial 
Equivalence 
Test (if not a 
Simple 
Contract) 
Number of 
Shares 
Multiplied by 
Delta (if Simple 
Contract) 
Initial Hedge 
(if applicable) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8. 
[EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS AFFECTED 
BY THE VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S) 
 
THE SCENARIO[S] AND FIGURES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE 
PURPOSES ONLY. THE EXAMPLE[S] SHOWN BELOW MAY NOT HAVE AN EQUAL 
LIKELIHOOD OF OCCURRENCE. THE [INTEREST AMOUNT[S]] [AND] [EARLY 
TERMINATION AMOUNT AND] REDEMPTION AMOUNT IN RESPECT OF EACH 
SECURITY WILL BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF THE 
SECURITIES AS SET OUT IN THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES" IN 
THE BASE LISTING PARTICULARS AND THE PRICING SUPPLEMENT IN PART A 
ABOVE. THE ISSUER[, GUARANTOR] AND DEALER MAKE NO REPRESENTATION 
THAT ANY OF THE SCENARIOS PROVIDED BELOW WILL OCCUR. 
 
[include examples of complex derivatives securities (if appropriate) to provide a clear and 
comprehensive explanation to help investors understand how the value of their investment is 
affected by the value of the Underlying(s)]  
 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable) 
9. 
[CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION (Credit Linked Notes listed on the Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin only) 
 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any web-site 
of such Reference Entity]. 
(Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)]

--- Page 1912 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1886 
 
[SCHEDULE [1] TO PRICING SUPPLEMENT] 
(Insert as a Schedule to the Pricing Supplement as required) 
(Insert if Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, Reference Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2)  
is different for each Interest Period) 
[Reference Observation Table] 
Reference Observation [1] [2] [3]* 
Reference Rate [1[s]] 
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate 1) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate Option/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate 
(including Designated Maturity, 
if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]1 [Reset 
Date][Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]2 
[Specified 
Time/ 
Relevant 
Time]3 
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period End 
Date/Termination 
Date] adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored ISDA 
Amount] [Business 
Day (for the 
purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions)] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] [in 
each year] [adjusted 
in accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day Convention]/No 
Adjustment]] (See 
General Condition 
6(h) (Business Day 
Convention)) 
[Insert details] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[[2006] 
[2021] 
Definitions] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] [⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Reference Rate 1s] 
 
*  
Insert additional rows for Reference Observation 2 and/or Reference Observation 3 if different for each Interest Period 
1  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
2  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
3  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1913 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1887 
 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate Option/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate 
(including Designated Maturity, 
if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]4 [Reset 
Date] [Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]5 
[Specified 
Time/Relev
ant Time]6 
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period End 
Date/Termination 
Date] adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored ISDA 
Amount] [Business 
Day (for the 
purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions)] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[Reference Rate 2[s]] 
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate 1) 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate Option/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate 
(including Designated Maturity, 
if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]7 [Reset 
Date] [Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]8 
[Specified 
Time/Relev
ant Time]9 
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period End 
Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored ISDA 
Amount] [Business 
Day (for the 
purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions)] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[Reference Rate 2[s]] 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate Option/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate 
(including Designated Maturity, 
if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]10 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]11 
[Specified 
Time/ 
Relevant 
Time]12 
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period End 
Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored ISDA 
Amount] [Business 
Day (for the 
purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions)] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
 
 
4  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
5  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
6  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
7  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
8  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
9  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
10  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
11  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
12  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1914 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1888 
 
(Insert if Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is different for each Mandatory Early Redemption Date) 
[Rollerball Reference Determination Table] 
[Rollerball Reference Observation] [Rollerball Barrier]* 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Specified 
Fixed 
Rate/Referen
ce 
Rate/Floatin
g Rate 
Option/Rele
vant Swap 
Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]13   
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determinatio
n Date(s)]14 
[Specified 
Time/Releva
nt Time]15  
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Effective 
Date] 
[Termination 
Date] 
[Period End 
Date/Termin
ation Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored 
ISDA Rate] 
[Business 
Day (for the 
purposes of 
the ISDA 
Definitions)] 
[Compoundi
ng/ 
Averaging] 
[Index 
provisions] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation
] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] 
[in each 
year] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/
No 
Adjustment]] 
(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention)) 
[insert 
details] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[2006 ISDA 
Definitions/ 
2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Interest 
Commencem
ent Date]/ [⚫
] 
[Last 
occurring 
Interest 
Period End 
Date]/ [⚫] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
applicable, 
insert the 
Compoundin
g/Averaging 
Table below) 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
applicable, 
insert the 
Index 
provision 
table below) 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
*  
Insert additional rows for Rollerball Barrier if different for each Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
13  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
14  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
15  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1915 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1889 
 
APPENDIX 1 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(a) 
N-th to Default Basket Credit Linked Notes – Appendix 1 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
[As per the Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
[As per the Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(b) 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
Reference 
Entity and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign, 
where 
applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] [As per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
[⚫] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] [As per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]

--- Page 1916 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1890 
 
sovereign, 
where 
applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(c) 
[Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ]/[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference 
Entity Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] [As per the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] [As per the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(d) 
[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Settled Entity Matrix  
The table below reflects data from the Settled Entity Matrix as at Index Annex Date. 
Settled Entity: 
Weighted Average Final 
Price: 
Weighting: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1917 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1891 
 
 
 
[Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes] 
Reference 
Entity: 
Reference 
Assets: 
Reference 
Assets 
Call/Maturity 
Date: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Reference 
Assets 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date: 
Reference 
Assets 
Conditions 
Date: 
Settlement 
Currency 
Principal 
Amount: 
LCY 
Reference 
Amount: 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫]] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference 
Entity is not 
a sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non-
Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
Reference Assets 
Forward Rate: 
Reference Assets FX 
Forward Notional: 
Reference Assets FX 
Forward Termination 
Date: 
 
 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1918 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1892 
 
APPENDIX 2 – PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT MATRIX

--- Page 1919 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1893 
 
SCHEDULE [1]1  
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN CORPORATE2  
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN 
CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring, if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
• 
Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable unless otherwise specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
1  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
2  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard North American Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 1 in its entirety.

--- Page 1920 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1894 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN 
CORPORATE 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1921 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1895 
 
SCHEDULE [2]3  
[STANDARD EUROPEAN CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]4 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]5 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Mod Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
 
3  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
4  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is any of (i) "Standard European Corporate", (ii) "Standard European Financial 
Corporate", (iii) "Standard European CoCo Financial Corporate", (iv) "Standard European Senior Non Preferred Financial Corporate" 
or (v) "Standard European Limited Recourse Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 2 in its entirety. 
5  
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1922 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1896 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]5 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is "Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial 
Corporate" 
or 
"European CoCo Financial Corporate", otherwise 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is "Standard 
European Senior Non Preferred Financial 
Corporate" or "European Senior Non Preferred 
Financial Corporate", otherwise Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable.

--- Page 1923 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1897 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]5 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is "Standard 
European Limited Recourse Corporate" or 
"European 
Limited 
Recourse 
Corporate", 
otherwise Not Applicable.

--- Page 1924 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1898 
 
SCHEDULE [3]6  
STANDARD SUBORDINATED EUROPEAN INSURANCE CORPORATE7  
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED EUROPEAN 
INSURANCE CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
6  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
7  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Subordinated European Insurance Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 
3 in its entirety.

--- Page 1925 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1899 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED EUROPEAN 
INSURANCE CORPORATE 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1926 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1900 
 
SCHEDULE [4]8 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN CORPORATE LPN9 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE LPN 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
(a) 
Not Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Bonds". 
(b) 
Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Loans". 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Not Domestic Law. 
 
8  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
9  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN", otherwise delete this Schedule 4 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 1927 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1901 
 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1928 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1902 
 
SCHEDULE [5]10  
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN CORPORATE 11 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
(a) 
Not Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Bonds". 
(b) 
Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Loans". 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Not Domestic Law. 
 
10  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
11  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Emerging European Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 5 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 1929 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1903 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1930 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1904 
 
SCHEDULE [6]12  
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE B13  
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE B 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
12  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
13  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Latin America Corporate B", otherwise delete this Schedule 6 in its entirety.

--- Page 1931 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1905 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE B 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1932 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1906 
 
SCHEDULE [7]14  
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE BL15  
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE 
BL 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
14  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
15  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Latin America Corporate BL", otherwise delete this Schedule 7 in its entirety.

--- Page 1933 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1907 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE 
BL 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1934 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1908 
 
SCHEDULE [8]16  
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]17  
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]18 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
 
16  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
17  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Australia Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Australia Financial Corporate", 
otherwise delete this Schedule 8 in its entirety. 
18  
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1935 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1909 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]18 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1936 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1910 
 
SCHEDULE [9]19  
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]20  
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW 
ZEALAND FINANCIAL CORPORATE]21 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
 
19  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
20  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard New Zealand Corporate" or (ii) "Standard New Zealand Financial 
Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 9 in its entirety. 
21  
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1937 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1911 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW 
ZEALAND FINANCIAL CORPORATE]21 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federations (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1938 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1912 
 
SCHEDULE [10]22  
[STANDARD JAPAN CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN FINANCIAL CORPORATE]23 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN  
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]24 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Payment Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, JPY 100,000,000 or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of 
the occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. In all other cases, USD 1,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation 
Currency 
as 
of 
the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable 
• 
Default Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, 
JPY 
1,000,000,000 
or 
its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event. In all other cases, 
USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
 
22  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
23  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Japan Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Japan Financial Corporate", otherwise 
delete this Schedule 10 in its entirety. 
24  
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1939 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1913 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN  
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]24 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1940 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1914 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN  
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]24 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1941 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1915 
 
SCHEDULE [11]25  
[STANDARD SINGAPORE CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]26  
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]27 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
 
25  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
26  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Singapore Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Singapore Financial Corporate", 
otherwise delete this Schedule 11 in its entirety. 
27  
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1942 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1916 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]27 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable

--- Page 1943 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1917 
 
SCHEDULE [12]28  
[STANDARD ASIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD ASIA FINANCIAL CORPORATE]29 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD ASIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD ASIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]30 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
 
28  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
29  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Asia Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Asia Financial Corporate", otherwise 
delete this Schedule 12 in its entirety. 
30  
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1944 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1918 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD ASIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD ASIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]30 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1945 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1919 
 
SCHEDULE [13]31 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN SOVEREIGN32  
Transaction Type 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN 
SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay.  
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
31  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
32  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Western European Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 13 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 1946 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1920 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN 
SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Hellenic 
Republic, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1947 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1921 
 
SCHEDULE [14]33  
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA SOVEREIGN34 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring 
• 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable if the Reference Entity is the 
Republic of Argentina or the Republic of 
Ecuador, otherwise Applicable. 
 
33  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
34  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Latin America Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 14 in its entirety.

--- Page 1948 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1922 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
SOVEREIGN 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Ecuador, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the 
Argentine Republic, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1949 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1923 
 
SCHEDULE [15]35  
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN36 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & 
MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable if the Reference Entity is the 
Republic of Ukraine, otherwise Applicable. 
 
35  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
36  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign", otherwise delete this 
Schedule 15 in its entirety.

--- Page 1950 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1924 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & 
MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Ukraine, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Hungary, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Russian 
Federation, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1951 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1925 
 
SCHEDULE [16]37  
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN38 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
37  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
38  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Australia Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 16 in its entirety.

--- Page 1952 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1926 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1953 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1927 
 
SCHEDULE [17]39  
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN40 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
39  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
40  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard New Zealand Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 17 in its entirety.

--- Page 1954 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1928 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1955 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1929 
 
SCHEDULE [18]41  
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN42 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
• 
Payment Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, JPY 100,000,000 or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of 
the occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. In all other cases, USD 1,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation 
Currency 
as 
of 
the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
• 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
• 
Default Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, 
JPY 
1,000,000,000 
or 
its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event. In all other cases, 
USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
 
41  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
42  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Japan Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 18 in its entirety.

--- Page 1956 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1930 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1957 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1931 
 
SCHEDULE [19]43  
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN44 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Specified Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
43  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
44  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Singapore Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 19 in its entirety.

--- Page 1958 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1932 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1959 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1933 
 
SCHEDULE [20]45  
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN46 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
 
45  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
46  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Asia Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 20 in its entirety.

--- Page 1960 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1934 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1961 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1935 
 
SCHEDULE [21]47  
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL FAITH AND CREDIT48 
Transaction Type  
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL 
FAITH AND CREDIT 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency 
– 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
47  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
48  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit", otherwise delete this Schedule 21 in 
its entirety.

--- Page 1962 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1936 
 
Transaction Type  
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL 
FAITH AND CREDIT 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 1963 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1937 
 
SCHEDULE [22]49  
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL FUND50 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL 
FUND 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
General Fund Obligation Liability. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency 
– 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
General Fund Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
49  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
50  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund", otherwise delete this Schedule 22 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 1964 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1938 
 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 1965 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1939 
 
SCHEDULE [23]51  
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE52 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency 
– 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
Revenue Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
51  
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
52  
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard U.S. Municipal Revenue", otherwise delete this Schedule 23 in its entirety.

--- Page 1966 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1940 
 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 1967 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1941 
 
APPENDIX 3 – INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference 
Entity: 
Transaction 
Type: 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[
Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[
Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
Index Skew Notes – Hypothetical Single Name Set 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligation 
Seniority 
Level 
Floating Rate 
Payer 
Calculation 
Amount 
(Insert 
Currency) 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[
Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify]

--- Page 1968 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
1942 
 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligation 
Seniority 
Level 
Floating Rate 
Payer 
Calculation 
Amount 
(Insert 
Currency) 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[
Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1969 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1943 
 
SECTION H.6 – FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND 
EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the [Warrants/Certificates] in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] 
[during the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary), [T]/[t]he [Warrants/Certificates] are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the [Warrants/Certificates] 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the [Warrants/Certificates] or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the [Warrants/Certificates] in the United Kingdom for which a UK PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during 
the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he [Warrants/Certificates] are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (as amended, the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the [Warrants/Certificates] or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the [Warrants/Certificates] or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]  
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the 
basis that any offer of [Warrants/Certificates] in any Member State of the European Economic Area will 
be made pursuant to an exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish 
a prospectus for offers of the [Warrants/Certificates]. Accordingly and subject as provided above, any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of the [Warrants/Certificates] may 
only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. None of the Issuer[, 
the CGMFL Guarantor] and any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
the [Warrants/Certificates] in any other circumstances. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
"EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1127.  
[[The Base Prospectus is scheduled to expire on 18 November 2025. The Issuer [and the Guarantor] 
intend[s] that the Base Prospectus will be updated on or prior to such date.] [The Base Prospectus is

--- Page 1970 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1944 
 
scheduled to expire on 18 November 2025, but the Issuer [and the Guarantor] anticipate[s] that the Base 
Prospectus will be updated and replaced on or around [⚫]]. The updated base prospectus will be available 
on [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)] [the website of the London Stock Exchange 
(www.londonstockexchange.com)] [and] [the website of [⚫] ([⚫])].]1 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - [[Other than with 
respect to offers of the Warrants [during the period[s] [⚫] to [⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which 
a key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act ("FinSA") or an 
equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared,] [t][T]he Warrants are not intended to be offered 
or recommended to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
("FinSA")/FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a "private client" means a person who is not one 
(or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-
in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in 
Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 
58(2) FinSA.]2  
[These Final Terms have not been and will not be filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland 
for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
("FinSA")/FinSA]. Accordingly, the Warrants may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of FinSA, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA 
or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. Neither these Final Terms nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Warrants constitutes a prospectus pursuant to FinSA, 
and neither these Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Warrants may 
be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.]3 
[The Warrants do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning 
of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). They are neither subject to 
authorisation nor supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and 
investors in Warrants will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by any Swiss 
regulatory authority and are exposed to the risk of the Issuer and Guarantor (if applicable).]4 
The [Warrants/Certificates] have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any State thereof.  The 
[Warrants/Certificates] do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a 
commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange 
Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in the [Warrants/Certificates] has not been approved 
by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to the CEA.  No person has 
registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the CEA and the rules of 
the CFTC thereunder.  The Issuer has not registered and will not register as an investment company under 
the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
[Accordingly, the [Warrants/Certificates] are being offered only to persons who are Permitted Non-U.S. 
Purchasers in offshore transactions in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation 
S").  Each purchaser of the [Warrants/Certificates] or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to 
have represented and agreed that it is a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser and that it will not sell or otherwise 
transfer the [Warrants/Certificates] or any beneficial interest therein at any time except to (1) the Issuer 
 
1  
Include in respect of a Tranche of Securities for which the offer spans an update of the Base Prospectus. 
2  
Include if Warrants are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland. 
3  
Include if Warrants are offered in Switzerland. 
4  
Include if Warrants are offered in Switzerland.

--- Page 1971 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1945 
 
or its affiliates or (2) a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in an offshore transaction in compliance with 
Regulation S.]5 
[Accordingly, the [Warrants/Certificates] are being offered only to persons who are Permitted QIB 
Purchasers in reliance upon Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A").  Each purchaser of the 
[Warrants/Certificates] or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed 
that it is a Permitted QIB Purchaser and that it will not sell or otherwise transfer the 
[Warrants/Certificates] or any beneficial interest therein at any time except to (1) the Issuer or its 
affiliates or (2) a Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A and the securities laws of each 
State of the United States.]6 
[Accordingly, the [Warrants/Certificates] are being offered only to persons who are Permitted Non-U.S. 
Purchasers in offshore transactions in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation 
S") or Permitted QIB Purchasers in reliance upon Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A").  
Each purchaser of the [Warrants/Certificates] or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have 
represented and agreed that it is either a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB Purchaser and 
that it will not sell or otherwise transfer the [Warrants/Certificates] or any beneficial interest therein at 
any time except to (1) the Issuer or its affiliates, (2) a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in compliance with 
Regulation S or (3) a Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A and the securities laws of 
each State of the United States.]7 
[A "Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser" is a person that (i) is outside the United States at the time of any 
offer or sale of the [Warrants/Certificates] to it and is not a "U.S. person" as such term is defined under 
Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; (ii) does not come within any definition of U.S. person for any purpose 
under the CEA or any rule, order, guidance or interpretation proposed or issued by the CFTC under the 
CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, a U.S. person shall include without limitation (a) any person who is 
either (x) not a "Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but 
excluding, for the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who 
are not "Non-United States persons" or (y) not a "foreign located person" as defined in CFTC Rule 
3.10(c)(1)(ii) and (b) any person who is a "U.S. Person" or a "Significant Risk Subsidiary", or benefits 
from a "Guarantee", in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA, as 
such rule may be amended, revised, supplemented or superseded); (iii) is not a "U.S. Person" as defined 
in Rule 3a71-3(a)(4) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (iv) is 
not, and whose purchase and holding of the [Warrants/Certificates] is not made on behalf of or with "plan 
assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject 
to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee 
benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar 
to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.]8 
[A "Permitted QIB Purchaser" is a person that (i) is a "qualified institutional buyer" (as defined in Rule 
144A) (a "QIB"), purchasing (or holding) the [Warrants/Certificates] for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs and is aware that the offer and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 
144A; and (ii) is not, and whose purchase and holding of the [Warrants/Certificates] is not made on 
behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account 
or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
 
5  
Include for Regulation S Global Securities and Securities issued in dematerialised form. 
6  
Include for Rule 144A Global Securities. 
7  
Include for Combined Global Securities. 
8  
Include for (a) Regulation S Global Securities and Securities issued in dematerialised form and (b) Combined Global Securities only.

--- Page 1972 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1946 
 
(the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or 
regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.]9 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of [Warrants/Certificates], see "General 
Information relating to the Programme and the Securities – Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Final Terms or the Base Prospectus (as defined below), 
all persons may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the United States federal, 
state and local tax treatment of the [Warrants/Certificates], any fact relevant to understanding the United 
States federal, state and local tax treatment of the [Warrants/Certificates], and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) relating to such United States federal, state and local tax 
treatment other than the names of the parties or any other person named herein, or information that would 
permit identification of the parties or other non-public business or financial information that is unrelated 
to the United States federal, state or local tax treatment of the [Warrants/Certificates] with respect to such 
person and is not relevant to understanding the United States federal, state or local tax treatment of the 
[Warrants/Certificates] with respect to such person. 
[The contents of these Final Terms have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong 
Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt about 
any content of these Final Terms, you should obtain independent professional advice.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – The Issuer has determined the classification of 
the Warrants as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products).]10 
[By the purchase of any [Warrants/Certificates], each [Warrantholder/Certificateholder] will be deemed 
to have represented and warranted that the acquisition of the [Warrant/Certificate] by it will not 
contravene any charter, investment objectives or internal policies, or any applicable laws or regulations, 
including without limitation, Section 12(d)(3) of the U.S. Investment Company Act and the rules 
promulgated thereunder.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.] [Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg 
S.C.A.] 
Legal Entity Identifier: [[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Number of Warrants/Certificates]][Title of Warrants/Certificates] 
(the ["Warrants/Certificates"]) 
 
9  
Include for (a) Rule 144A Global Securities and (b) Combined Global Securities only. 
10  
To insert notice if classification of the Warrants is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it 
/ they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA. A notification of the product classification is required as long as an offer of securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer 
is not, or not intended to be, restricted to persons specified in Regulation 2 of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (i.e. an "accredited investor", "expert investor", "institutional investor" or "any other person that is not 
an individual").

--- Page 1973 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1947 
 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited] 
under the Citi Global Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus [which constitutes] [and the Supplement(s) which together constitute] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the [Warrants/Certificates] described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus[, as so supplemented]. Full information on the 
Issuer [, the CGMFL Guarantor] and the offer of the [Warrants/Certificates] is only available on the basis 
of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus[, as so supplemented]. [A Summary of 
the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
 
The Base Prospectus [is] [ and the Supplement(s) are] available for viewing at the specified offices of 
[the Dealer[s] and] the Principal Warrant Agent [and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com)]. The Base Prospectus[, the Supplement(s)] and this Final Terms are also published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) [and [●] (specify relevant EEA 
regulated market where the Warrants are admitted to trading if different)]. [In addition, this Final Terms 
is available [on  the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on the website 
of [⚫] at [⚫]].] 
"Base Prospectus" means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Base Prospectus dated 18 November 2024 relating to 
the Programme[, as supplemented by a Supplement (No. [●]) dated [●] ([the] "Supplement [No. [●]]") 
[and a Supplement (No.[●) dated [●] ("Supplement No. [●]" and, together with Supplement No. [●], 
the "Supplement(s)  ")].] 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the [Warrants/Certificates] 
and words and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in this Final 
Terms, save where otherwise expressly provided. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing this Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
TYPE, ISSUE AND GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.] [Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.] 
 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only Warrants/Certificates issued by Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg 
S.C.A. 
are 
guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited) 
2. 
Type of Security: 
[Warrants][Certificates] 
3. 
Governing Law: 
[English law][Irish law]

--- Page 1974 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1948 
 
4. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Consolidation: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[On 
[●], 
Tranche 
[●] 
of 
the 
[Warrants/Certificates] ("Tranche" [●]) are to be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the [insert title 
of relevant Series of [Warrants/Certificates]] issued on 
[insert issue date] ("Tranche [●]")] 
 
 
(NB: 
Only 
applicable 
for 
fungible 
issues 
of 
Warrants/Certificates) 
5. 
Type of [Warrant/Certificate]: 
The Warrants are [Security Index Linked Warrants / 
Commodity Index Linked Warrants / Commodity Linked 
Warrants / Share Linked Warrants /Depositary Receipt 
Linked Warrants / ETF Linked Warrants/ Mutual Fund 
Linked Warrants/FX Rate Linked Warrants / Rate Linked 
Warrants] (Specify one or a combination of the above for all 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
[The [Warrants/Certificates] are [Call] [Put] [Spread] [Delta 
One] [Warrants/Certificates]] (N.B. Call/Put Spread 
Warrants may not be Debt Linked Warrants or FX Rate 
Linked Warrants) 
6. 
Exercise Style: 
[The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
[[European 
Style][American 
Style][Multiple 
Exercise] 
[Warrants/Certificates]]] 
 
 
[The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
[Call/Put] 
Spread 
[Warrants/Certificates] and, therefore, are European Style 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
7. 
(a) 
Trading method: 
[Nominal]/[Units] 
 
(b) 
Number 
of 
[Warrants/Certificates] being 
issued: 
The 
number 
of 
Warrants 
being 
issued 
is 
[●] 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
[[being the equivalent of] [up to] [●] Units] (insert only if 
Trading in Units is specified as applicable below) 
 
(c) 
Total 
number 
of 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
in 
issue: 
[●] 
(NB: Insert description of issuances and any purchases and 
cancellations for fungible issues of Warrants/Certificates. 
Otherwise, this will be the same as the sub-paragraph (b) 
above) 
 
(d) 
Minimum trading size: 
[[●] [Warrants/Certificates] [insert if Trading in Nominal is 
specified as applicable below: [being the equivalent of] [up 
to] [●] in nominal amount] [insert if Trading in Units is 
specified as applicable below: [being the equivalent of] [up 
to] [●] Units]] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1975 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1949 
 
 
(e) 
Multiple trading size: 
[[●] [Warrants/Certificates] [insert if Trading in Nominal is 
specified as applicable below: [being the equivalent of] [up 
to] [●] in nominal amount] [insert if Trading in Units is 
specified as applicable below: [being the equivalent of] [up 
to] [●] Units]] [Not Applicable] 
(If a minimum trading size exists, this represents the higher 
integral multiple amount) 
8. 
Trading in Units: 
[Not Applicable] [[Warrants/Certificates] must be exercised 
in Units. Each Unit consists of [⚫] [Warrants/Certificates]] 
(N.B. This is in addition to any requirements relating to 
"Minimum Exercise Number" or "Maximum Exercise 
Number" set out below) 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Unit value: 
[●] per Unit 
 
(b) 
Aggregate proceeds amount: 
[●] (N.B. Specify as an amount calculated by multiplying 
the Issue Price and the aggregate issue size) 
9. 
Trading in Nominal: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Nominal 
amount 
per 
[Warrant/Certificate]: 
[●] per [Warrant/Certificate] (Include only if Trading in 
Nominal is specified as applicable above) 
10. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
11. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per [Warrant/Certificate/Unit] 
12. 
Settlement Currency: 
[●]  
13. 
Business Day Centre(s): 
The applicable Business Day Centre(s) for the purposes of 
the definition of "Business Day" in General Condition 3 
[is/are] [●] 
14. 
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by way of [cash payment ("Cash Settled 
[Warrants/Certificates]  ")] [and/or] [physical delivery 
("Physical Delivery [Warrants/Certificates] ") 
 
 
(Call/Put Spread Warrants/Certificates are Cash Settled 
Warrants/Certificates) 
15. 
Hedging Taxes: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
16. 
Form of the [Warrants/Certificates]: 
Registered Form: [Regulation S Global Registered WEC 
Security] [Regulation S Global Bearer WEC Security] [Rule 
144A Global Registered WEC Security] [Combined Global 
Registered WEC Security]

--- Page 1976 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1950 
 
(N.B. Security Index Linked Warrants, Commodity Index 
Linked Warrants, FX Rate Linked Warrants and Commodity 
Linked Warrants may only be issued in Regulation S Global 
Security form by CGMFL) 
17. 
Calculation Agent: 
The Calculation Agent is [Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited][Citibank N.A., London Branch][Citibank N.A., 
New York Branch] [●] at [●] [(acting through its [●] 
department/group (or any successor department/group)] 
18. 
Determinations 
[Sole 
and 
Absolute 
Determination] 
[Commercial 
Determination] 
19. 
Additional Requirements (General 
Condition 14 (Substitution of the 
Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor)): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
INTEREST (IF ANY) 
20. 
Fixed Rate Warrant Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) (NB: Fixed Rate Warrant Provisions may 
only be applicable in respect of English Law Warrants or 
Irish Law Warrants) 
 
(a) 
Interest Rate[(s)]: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/[other] (specify)] in arrear] 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not applicable] 
 
(c) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
(NB: For certain Renminbi Warrants in respect of which the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification, 
Modified Following Business Day Convention should 
apply) 
 
(d) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/ [⚫] in each year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
 
(e) 
Interest Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Interest Amount) 
 
(g) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] [Unit]

--- Page 1977 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1951 
 
 
(h) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365 (Sterling)]/[1/1] (NB: Applicable for 
Renminbi Warrants) 
 
(i) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year (Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon. NB: only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
(j) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
PUT/CALL [SPREAD] [DELTA ONE] [WARRANTS/CERTIFICATES] 
21. 
Terms of Put/Call [Spread] [Delta 
One] [Warrants/Certificates] 
[Applicable. The [Warrants/Certificates] are [Put] [Call] 
[Spread] 
[Delta 
One] 
[Warrants/Certificates]] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this Part A of the Final Terms) 
 
Settlement and exercise 
 
 
(a) 
Settlement Date(s): 
The settlement date(s) for the [Warrants/Certificates] 
[is/are] [●] [or, if [any] such date is not a Business Day, the 
immediately [succeeding/preceding] Business Day] [the [●] 
Business Day following the [last occurring] [Valuation 
Date] [Averaging Date] in respect of the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date] 
 
 
(N.B. 
In 
relation 
to 
Mutual 
Fund 
Linked 
Warrants/Certificates, consideration should be given to 
when the value of the relevant Fund Interest will be 
published) 
 
(b) 
Exercise Date(s): 
[The exercise date of the [Warrants/Certificates] is [●], 
provided that, if such date is not a Business Day, the 
Exercise 
Date 
shall 
be 
the 
immediately 
[preceding/succeeding] 
Business 
Day.] 
(N.B. 
Only 
applicable 
in 
relation 
to 
European 
Style 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
[The exercise dates of the [Warrants/Certificates] are [●], 
[●] and [●], provided that, if any such date is not a Business 
Day, that Exercise Date shall be the immediately 
[preceding/succeeding] 
Business 
Day.] 
(N.B. 
Only 
applicable 
in 
relation 
to 
Multiple 
Exercise 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
(c) 
Exercise Period: 
The exercise period in respect of the Warrants is from and 
including [●] to and including [●] [or, if [●] is not a

--- Page 1978 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1952 
 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[The minimum number of [Warrants/Certificates] that may 
be exercised (including automatic exercise) on any day by 
any 
[Warrantholder/Certificateholder] 
is 
[●] 
[and 
[Warrants/Certificates] may only be exercised (including 
automatic 
exercise) 
in 
integral 
multiples 
of 
[●] 
[Warrants/Certificates] in excess thereof]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[The maximum number of [Warrants/Certificates] that may 
be 
exercised 
on 
any 
day 
by 
any 
[Warrantholder/Certificateholder] 
or 
group 
of 
[Warrantholders/Certificateholders] (whether or not acting 
in concert) is [●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Actual Exercise Date for each additional Quota shall 
be each of the succeeding Business Days until all such 
[Warrants/Certificates] have been attributed with an Actual 
Exercise Date, subject as provided in General Condition 
7(a)(ii)] 
 
 
(N.B. 
Not 
applicable 
for 
European 
Style 
Warrants/Certificates 
or 
Multiple 
Exercise 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
(f) 
Extension 
of 
Exercise 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to American Style 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
(g) 
Automatic Exercise: 
Automatic Exercise [applies/does not apply] 
(Automatic Exercise applies for German Law Warrants) 
 
Cash Settlement Amount 
 
 
(h) 
Cash Settlement Amount: 
The Cash Settlement Amount shall be determined as set out 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition [2(a)(i)(A)] 
[2(a)(i)(B)] 
[2(a)(ii)(A)] 
[2(a)(ii)(B)] 
[2(a)(iii)(A)] 
[2(a)(iii)(B)] [2(a)(iii)(C)] [2(a)(iv)] [2(b)(i)] [2(b)(ii)] 
[2(b)(iii)] [2(b)(iv)]] [(Consideration to be given to whether 
the Cash Settlement Amount should include accrued interest 
or whether, for English Law Warrants or Irish Law 
Warrants, the amount payable is the Cash Settlement 
Amount plus accrued interest)] 
 
 
For the purposes of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
[2(a)(i)(B)] 
[2(a)(ii)(B)] 
[2(a)(iii)(B)] 
[2(a)(iii)(C)] 
[2(a)(iv)], Rate 1 is [●] and Rate 2 is [●]] (Specify where the 
Warrants are Rate Linked Warrants relating to a basket of 
Rates)

--- Page 1979 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1953 
 
 
(i) 
[Exercise Price/Strike Price]: 
[[●] per [Warrant/Certificate/Unit] 
 
 
(N.B. This should take into account any relevant Weighting 
and, in the case of an Index Warrant, may be expressed as 
a monetary value on the same basis as the Index Currency, 
if any)] 
 
 
[The strike price of the Underlying is [●]] [The strike price 
for each Underlying is as follows: [insert table setting out 
Strike Prices for each Underlying]]] 
 
(j) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each Underlying to ascertain 
the Settlement Price is [●]] [The weighting for each 
Underlying is as follows: [insert table setting out 
Weightings for each Underlying]] 
 
(k) 
Commission: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination][Screen Page Determination] applies [and 
the relevant Screen Page is [●] and the relevant time is [●]] 
 
(m) 
Cap: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
Floor: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
Multiplier: 
[[●] [%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(p) 
Fixed Percentage: 
[[●] [%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(q) 
Lower Strike: 
[[●] [%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(r) 
Upper Strike: 
[[●] [%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(s) 
Nominal Amount: 
[The nominal amount which is to be used to determine 
[the/each] Cash Settlement Amount pursuant to [General 
Condition 5(b)(i)][Valuation and Settlement Condition 2] is 
[●] [and the relevant screen page is [●]] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. a Nominal Amount must be specified for (i) Call / Put 
Warrants/Certificates, 
(ii) 
Call 
/ 
Put 
Spread 
Warrants/Certificates where the relevant Underlying(s) are 
Rates and Averaging does not apply and (iii) Delta One 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
(t) 
Strike: 
[[●]%] [Not Applicable] 
 
(u) 
Margin: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B pursuant to each of the formulae for Call Warrants, 
Put Warrants, Call Spread Warrants and Put Spread 
Warrants relating to Rates, the Margin will be added to the 
Settlement Price. If the Margin should be subtracted from

--- Page 1980 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1954 
 
the Settlement Price, the Margin should be specified here to 
be a negative number) 
 
(v) 
Rates Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Not Applicable] 
(N.B Only applicable to Rate Linked Warrants where a day 
count fraction is required to be applied to the Rate (e.g. in 
the event that there are multiple Exercise Dates.) 
 
(w) 
Payment of Dividends: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable - The definition in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5 (Definitions) applies and, for 
which purpose, the Dividend Percentage is [●]%] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Call Warrants or Put 
Warrants for which the Underlying is a Share, a Depositary 
Receipt, an ETF Share or a Fund Interest) 
 
Valuation 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Warrants)  
 
(x) 
Averaging: 
Averaging 
[applies/does 
not 
apply] 
to 
the 
[Warrants/Certificates]. [The Averaging Dates [in respect of 
each Actual Exercise Date] are [the Valuation Dates [in 
respect of such Actual Exercise Date]]] 
[Initial Averaging: [Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
[Final Averaging: [Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
(N.B. Initial / Final Averaging only applicable in relation to 
Put/Call Spread Warrants/Certificates) 
[The [Initial] [Final] Averaging Dates [in respect of each 
Actual Exercise Date] are [the [Initial] [Final] Valuation 
Dates specified below]] (Repeat as necessary) 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/ Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
 
(y) 
Specified Valuation Date(s): 
[The [Initial] [Final] Valuation Date[s] [in respect of each 
Actual Exercise Date] [is/are] [●]] 
[The Initial Valuation Date is [●]] (N.B. Only applicable in 
relation to Put/Call Spread Warrants/Certificates where 
Strike Price is not specified)

--- Page 1981 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1955 
 
[[Each] such date shall be subject to adjustment [as provided 
in [Valuation and Settlement Condition 1/specify] 
 
(z) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled Trading Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable/specify] [Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(c)(i) [applies/does not apply]] 
[[Preceding/Modified Following] Scheduled Trading Day] 
(Only applicable in respect of a Rate Underlying) 
 
(aa) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable/specify] [Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(d)(i) [applies/does not apply]] 
(In relation to determination of Underlying Levels, specify 
adjustments to Valuation Dates where different from the 
Conditions) 
 
(bb) 
Valuation Roll: 
[Eight] [●] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to eight) 
TERMS RELATING TO UNDERLYING(S) FOR PUT/CALL WARRANTS/CERTIFICATES, 
PUT/CALL 
SPREAD 
WARRANTS/CERTIFICATES/ 
DELTA 
ONE 
WARRANTS/CERTIFICATES 
22. 
Provisions relating to Underlyings: 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying 
 
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
 
 
(A) 
Description 
of 
Underlying(s): 
[specify each Underlying including ISIN or other 
identification number where available, as appropriate] 
 
(B) 
Classification: 
[Security 
Index/ 
Commodity 
Index/ 
Commodity/Share/Depositary Receipt/ETF Share/ Mutual 
Fund Interest/FX Rate (EMTA Provisions: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable])/ Rate] 
 
 
(In respect of a Rate, note that only interest rates which are 
published on an Electronic Page may be specified) 
 
 
(specify for each Underlying) 
 
(C) 
Electronic Page 
[⚫] (specify for each Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Particulars in respect of each 
Underlying: 
 
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs which are not applicable)

--- Page 1982 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1956 
 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Underlying) 
 
(A) 
Type of Index: 
[Single Exchange Index/Multiple Exchange Index][Bond 
Index] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] / [Shanghai Stock Exchange/Shenzhen Stock Exchange] 
(Where Additional Index Provisions for China Connect 
Service are specified as applicable for an Index, only the 
Shanghai Stock Exchange or the Shenzhen Stock Exchange 
should be specified for such Index)  
(N.B.: Only required in relation to Single Exchange Indices) 
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Index 
Provisions 
China 
Connect Service: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [in respect of [⚫]] 
 
(E) 
Single 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Same 
Day 
Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the level for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
 
(N.B.: If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is specified, 
"No Revision" will be deemed to apply)] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Commodity Index) 
 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the level for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
(specify for each Commodity) 
 
(A) 
Commodity Price: 
[[high price][low price][average of high and low 
prices][closing price][opening price][bid price][asked 
price][average of bid and asked prices][settlement 
price][official settlement price][official price][morning 
fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price] [⚫] [per [insert unit]] 
of [insert commodity] on [the relevant Exchange/[specify 
other source]] [of the [relevant] Futures Contract for the 
[relevant] Delivery Date] as made public by [the [relevant]

--- Page 1983 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1957 
 
Exchange] on [the [relevant] Price Source]] [(specify 
price)][Fallback Commodity Dealers] 
 
(B) 
Delivery Date: 
[date] [month and year] [[First/Second/Third/specify other 
number] 
Nearby 
Month][Either 
(i) 
the 
[First/Second/Third/specify other number] Nearby Month 
or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant 
Valuation Date falls less than [[⚫]] Commodity Business 
Days prior to the earlier of (A) the last trading day of the 
relevant [First/Second/Third/specify other number] Futures 
Contract; or (B) the first day on which notice of intent to 
deliver in respect of the relevant [First/Second/Third/specify 
other number] Futures Contract may be submitted 
(howsoever defined in the terms of the relevant Futures 
Contract and/or the rules of the relevant Exchange), the 
[First/Second/Third/specify other number] Nearby Month] 
[specify date] 
 
(C) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Price Source: 
[The Electronic Page] [⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Unless otherwise specified, Price Source shall be the 
Electronic Page) 
 
(E) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only applicable if the definition for Bullion 
Commodities in the Commodity Conditions is not 
applicable)] 
 
[Share(s): 
(specify for each Share) 
 
(A) 
Share Company: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] / [Shanghai Stock Exchange/Shenzhen Stock Exchange] 
 
 
(Where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the 
China Connect Service are specified as applicable for a 
Share, only the Shanghai Stock Exchange or the Shenzhen 
Stock Exchange should be specified for such Share) 
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Shares 
traded 
through the China 
Connect Service: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [in respect of [⚫]] 
 
(E) 
Stapled Share: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(specify for each Share which is a Stapled Share) 
Component Share: [⚫]

--- Page 1984 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1958 
 
Component Share Company: [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
(specify for each Depositary Receipt) 
 
(A) 
Full Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Partial 
Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Depositary Receipt 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Depositary Receipt 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(E) 
Underlying 
Share 
Company: 
[⚫]  
 
(F) 
Underlying 
Share 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(G) 
Underlying 
Share 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
(specify for each ETF Share) 
 
(A) 
Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] / [Shanghai Stock Exchange/Shenzhen Stock Exchange] 
(Where Additional Provisions for ETF Shares traded 
through the China Connect Service are specified as 
applicable for an ETF Share, only the Shanghai Stock 
Exchange or the Shenzhen Stock Exchange should be 
specified for such ETF Share) 
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Provisions for ETF 
Shares 
traded 
through the China 
Connect Service: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [in respect of [⚫]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
(specify for each Fund Interest) 
 
(A) 
Mutual Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[Scheduled Interim Valuation Date/Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date]] 
 
(D) 
Same 
Day 
Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1985 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1959 
 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the value published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the value for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions 
are 
Not 
Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange Rate 
comprising such FX Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate: 
"cross-rate/formula": [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The FX Rate is [the inverse of] [[⚫]] / [the product of [⚫] 
and [[⚫]] / [the quotient of [[●]] (as numerator) and [[●]] (as 
denominator)]]] (delete or combine as applicable) 
 
(B) 
Exchange Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Base Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Quote Currency: [⚫] 
 
• 
Specified 
Financial 
Centres: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Event 
Currency 
/Currencies: 
[Specify if different to the FX Rate Conditions] 
 
 
(NB: only required if "General Inconvertibility", "General 
Non-Transferability", 
"Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances", 
"Nationalisation", 
"Specific 
Inconvertibility" or "Specific Non-Transferability" are 
specified as Currency Disruption Events below)] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate Source: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Valuation Time: 
(specify in respect of the Primary Rate and any fallback 
rates) 
 
 
[⚫] in respect of the Primary Rate 
 
 
[[⚫] in respect of the First Fallback Reference Price] 
 
 
[[⚫] in respect of the Second Fallback Reference Price] 
 
(C) 
Reference 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Settlement 
Currency: 
[⚫]  
 
(E) 
Reference Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫]

--- Page 1986 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1960 
 
 
(F) 
Settlement 
Currency Business 
Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(G) 
Number 
of 
Settlement Business 
Days: 
[⚫] [Settlement Currency Business Days] 
 
(H) 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Days: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[⚫] consecutive calendar days  
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[A Business Day][A day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [⚫] (specify 
each)] [A day on which T2 is open] [A U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day]] 
 
(C) 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable: 
The 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption Amount shall be determined by reference to 
[specify Rate(s)] and for which purpose the Specified RL 
Valuation Date shall be [⚫]] 
 
(iii) 
Elections in respect of each 
type of Underlying: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable) 
 
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
(NB: for the purposes of the Additional Adjustment Events 
and Additional Early Redemption Events in respect of each 
type of Underlying, either the Additional Adjustment Events 
or the Additional Early Redemption Events (with the option 
to specify the Early Termination Amount) must be 
applicable. Alternatively, both the relevant Additional 
Adjustment Events and the Additional Early Redemption 
Events may be applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Additional Adjustment Events should not be disapplied at 
the same time as the Additional Early Redemption Events.) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow][Loss of Stock 
Borrow][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security Index Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 4 is Applicable:

--- Page 1987 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1961 
 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Security 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 6(b)(i) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s) 
[Security Index Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Security 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
4(a): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(a) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
4(b): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(b) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Commodity Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Commodity 
Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Commodity Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Commodity Index Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Commodity Index Substitution Criteria: [[⚫]/As determined 
by Calculation Agent]]] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
 
 
(A) 
Commodity Dealers 
[The definition set out in Commodity Condition 1 
(Definitions) shall apply/[⚫]]]/Not Applicable

--- Page 1988 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1962 
 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Commodity Dealers are specified, the 
Commodity Dealers shall be four leading dealers in the 
relevant market selected by the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
(If Fallback Commodity Dealers is not applicable to the 
Securities, specify Not Applicable) 
 
(B) 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted Day) applies] 
 
 
[Disappearance of Commodity Price] 
 
 
[Material Change in Content] 
 
 
[Material Change in Formula] 
 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Tax Disruption] 
 
 
[Trading Disruption (specify any additional futures/options 
contracts)] 
 
(C) 
Disruption 
Fallback(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(b) (Disruption Fallback) applies.] 
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply, in the following 
order: 
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Price (specify alternative Commodity 
Price)]  
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Dealers] 
 
 
[Delayed Publication and Announcement] 
 
 
[Postponement] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
[Cancellation]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Events: 
[Abandonment of Scheme (N.B. only applicable where the 
Underlying is an emission)] 
 
 
[Commodity Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1989 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1963 
 
[Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Share 
Substitution 
Criteria: 
[Reference 
Index/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Corporate 
Action: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Corporate Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Delisting: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Insolvency: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Merger 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Tender 
Offer: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Tender Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
De-stapling 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – De-stapling Event is Applicable: 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
[Share Condition 4 – Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event: Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1990 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1964 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event is Applicable: 
Component Share Additional Adjustment Event(s): 
[Corporate Action]  
[Insolvency] 
[Merger Event]  
[Nationalisation]  
[Tender Offer] 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
(repeat as necessary for each Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event(s)) 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Dividend Adjusted 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of [insert relevant 
Share] [as [Interest Underlying(s)[,/and/or] [Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying(s)] [,/and/or] [Redemption 
Underlying(s)]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
Dividend Screen Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
Start Date: [Interest Strike Date] [,/and] [Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date] [,/and] [Redemption Strike Date] 
[,/and] [⚫] 
The Underlying Closing Level on the Start Date is [the Price 
on the Start Date]/[ ⚫] 
 
 
Target Dividend: [⚫]] 
 
 
Applicable Percentage: [⚫]] 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Depositary Receipt 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Substitution is Applicable:

--- Page 1991 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1965 
 
 
 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria: Depositary 
Receipt: [Same Underlying Share and Currency/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]. 
 
 
Underlying Share: [Reference Index/As determined by 
Calculation Agent].] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Insolvency: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Insolvency is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger Event is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Nationalisation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Nationalisation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender Offer: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender Offer is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying Share Event: 
Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1992 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1966 
 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying Share 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
ETF 
Share 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If ETF Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria: [Related Index. [To specify 
unless limb (b) of "Related Index" is being relied on: For 
which purpose, the Related Index is [⚫]] (specify for each 
ETF Share where there is a basket of ETF Shares)/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Delisting: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Delisting is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Insolvency: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 –  Insolvency 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Merger Event: 
Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1993 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1967 
 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Merger 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Tender 
Offer: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange 
Traded 
Fund 
(ETF) 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Strategy 
Breach: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Strategy 
Breach is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Fees or Charges Event]

--- Page 1994 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1968 
 
 
 
[Fund Adviser Event [- for which purpose the AUM 
Threshold is [⚫] (specify AUM Threshold if different to the 
Conditions)] 
 
 
[Holding Ratio Change] 
 
 
[Limitation Event] 
 
 
[NAV Trigger Event (specify NAV Trigger Percentage, if 
applicable)] 
 
 
[New Information Event] 
 
 
[Non Currency Redemption] 
 
 
[Related Agreement Termination [- for which purpose [⚫] 
shall be a relevant party] (specify other relevant party 
(if any))] 
 
 
[Asset Trigger Event] 
 
 
[Delisting] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Mutual 
Fund 
Interest 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Mutual Fund Interest Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria: [Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest. For which purpose, the Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest Criteria is: 
 
 
[Liquidity] 
 
 
[Similar Strategy] 
 
 
[Same Currency] 
 
 
[As determined by Calculation Agent]]] 
 
(C) 
Monetisation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Insolvency: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 –  Insolvency is Applicable:

--- Page 1995 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1969 
 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Nationalisation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Nationalisation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Advisor Resignation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Advisor Resignation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund Modification: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund Modification is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting Disruption: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting Disruption is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross Contamination: Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1996 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1970 
 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross Contamination is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund Service 
Provider: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund Service 
Provider is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Additional 
Early 
Termination 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions 
are 
Not 
Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Primary Rate: [⚫] 
 
 
Secondary Rate: [⚫] 
 
 
Price Materiality Percentage: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
 
 
[Specific Non-Transferability] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX Rate Part A Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part A Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]]

--- Page 1997 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1971 
 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Price Materiality. For which purpose: 
 
 
(i) 
Price Materiality Percentage is [[⚫]] per cent. 
 
 
(ii) 
Primary Rate is [the FX Rate/[⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Secondary Rate is [the First Fallback Reference 
Rate [and the Second Fallback Reference Rate]/[⚫
]]] 
 
(B) 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the following 
order: 
 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes of the 
related First Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
First Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
First Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
 
 
(iii) 
First Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
 
 
(iv) 
First Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes of the 
related Second Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
Second Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
Second Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
 
 
(iii) 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
 
 
(iv) 
Second Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
(specify relevant fallbacks for each FX Rate and the order 
in which they apply) 
 
(C) 
Correction 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify for each FX Rate 
where different) 
 
(D) 
Settlement 
Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX Rate Part B Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If FX Rate Part B Condition 4 is Applicable: 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]]

--- Page 1998 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1972 
 
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Correction 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, for which purpose the Correction Period shall 
be [⚫]]/Not Applicable]] 
25. 
Realisation Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
26. 
RMB Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
RMB Relevant Currency: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
RMB 
Relevant 
Currency 
Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate 
Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Early Termination Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
27. 
Hedging Disruption Early 
Termination Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Termination Option: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
28. 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
29. 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Section 871(m) Event (Hedging): Not Applicable] 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
30. 
Change in Law:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Illegality: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Material Increased Cost: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
31. 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable:

--- Page 1999 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1973 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
32. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
(Limb 
(3)): 
Not 
Applicable] 
Early Termination following Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
33. 
Early Redemption for Illegality: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
34. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
Reference Rate: [●] 
[Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii)): Not Applicable] 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate(s): [●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
Reference Rate Early Termination: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
35. 
Costs 
for 
Unwinding 
Hedging 
Arrangements: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
……………………………………………. 
 
Duly Authorised]11 
The [Warrants/Certificates] will not become valid or obligatory for any purpose until the Final Terms 
are attached to the applicable Global Security. 
 
 
 
11 
Above signature block to be deleted and this document should not be signed unless there is a specific requirement to do so for the 
particular trade.

--- Page 2000 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1974 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by the Issuer 
(or 
on 
its 
behalf) 
for 
[Tranche 
[●] 
of] 
the 
[Warrants/Certificates] to be admitted to trading on the 
[regulated market of Euronext Dublin and listed on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin][the [Euro MTF 
Market][regulated market] of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange][the multilateral trading facility of the 
Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange] with effect 
from on or around [●]] 
 
 
[Tranche [●] of the [Warrants/Certificates] has been 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of [Euronext 
Dublin and have been listed on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin][the [Euro MTF Market][regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and have been listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange][the 
multilateral trading facility of the Vienna MTF of the Vienna 
Stock Exchange] with effect from [●]] (Where documenting 
a fungible issue, need to indicate that original Warrants are 
already admitted to trading)]. 
2. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to [the Dealer[s]/the distributor(s)/ [●]], so far as the Issuer [and the 
CGMFL Guarantor] [is/are] aware, no person involved in the issue of the [Warrants/Certificates] has 
an interest material to the issue.] [The [Dealer(s)/distributors] and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates [and the CGMFL Guarantor and its 
affiliates] in the ordinary course of business] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
3. 
INFORMATION 
ABOUT 
THE PAST 
AND 
FURTHER 
PERFORMANCE 
AND 
VOLATILITY OF [THE/EACH] UNDERLYING 
 
Information about the past and further performance of [the/each] Underlying is available [but not] 
free of charge from [the [Bloomberg page/Reuters screen/Exchange] specified for [the/each such] 
Underlying in Part A above] [specify other source].] 
[Include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is affected by the 
Underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER/USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND 
TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the section entitled ["Description 
of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc."] ["Description 
of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A."] 
in the Base Prospectus]/[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫]  
(For retail securities, if proceeds are intended for more than 
one use, will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses 
state amount and sources of other funding)] 
 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses/ 
Estimate of total expenses 
[⚫]

--- Page 2001 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1975 
 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading]: 
(For retail securities, estimated total expenses are required 
to be broken down into each principal intended "use" and 
presented in order of priority of such "uses". Include the 
taxes to be charged to the subscriber/purchaser, to the 
extent known, if the offer is a retail offer subject to PRIIPS 
or MiFID II.) (For wholesale securities, provide an estimate 
of the total expenses related to the admission to trading)] 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Warrants only) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[Indication of yield: 
[specify rate or range of rates]] 
6. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION - ARTICLE 29(2) STATEMENT ON BENCHMARKS 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name]] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] [appears/does not appear] in the register of 
administrators established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation.] [As far as the Issuer is aware, [[administrator legal name], as administrator of [specify 
benchmark], is not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation] 
[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain recognition or endorsement or to benefit 
from an equivalence decision)]] (Repeat as necessary) 
7. 
DISCLAIMERS 
 
[Insert any relevant disclaimers] 
 
[Bloomberg® 
 
 
Certain information contained in this Final Terms consists of extracts from or summaries of 
information that is publicly-available from Bloomberg L.P. ("Bloomberg®"). The Issuer [and the 
CGMFL Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for accurately reproducing such extracts or summaries 
and, as far as the Issuer [and the CGMFL Guarantor] [is/are] aware and [is/are] able to ascertain from 
such publicly-available information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. Bloomberg® makes no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the reproduction of such information, and 
accepts no responsibility for the reproduction of such information or for the merits of an investment 
in the [Warrants/Certificates]. Bloomberg® does not arrange, sponsor, endorse, sell or promote the 
issue of the [Warrants/Certificates] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[●]12 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[●]]13 
 
(c) 
SEDOL: 
[●]] 
 
12  
These codes must be marked as "restricted" for Securities Act purposes in the case of Physical Delivery Share Securities represented by 
a Global Security. 
13  
These codes must be marked as "restricted" for Securities Act purposes in the case of Combined Global Securities or Physical Delivery 
Share Securities represented by a Regulation S Global Security.

--- Page 2002 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1976 
 
 
(d) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]14, as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(e) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code ]14, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(f) 
WKN: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Valoren: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Any 
Additional 
or 
Alternative 
Clearing 
System(s) 
other 
than 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(i) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Warrant Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[●] 
 
(j) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
9. 
ADDITIONAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES 
 
[For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the [Warrants/Certificates] as 
[prepaid forward contracts or options]/[prepaid forward contracts or options with associated 
payments]/[Access [Warrants/Certificates]]/[a put and a deposit] for which purposes, the Issuer will 
treat [ ]% of each periodic payment made with respect to a [Warrant/Certificate] as interest on the 
deposit and [ ]% as put premium]].] 
 
[The Warrants are Non-U.S. Issuer Warrants.]/[ The Warrants are U.S. Issuer Warrants.] 
 
[The Issuer has determined that the [Warrants/Certificates] are Specified ELIs based on either the 
"delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table 
below for additional information with respect to Section 871(m) of the Code, including information 
necessary to calculate the amounts of dividend equivalents for the [Warrants/Certificates].]/[The 
Issuer has determined that the [Warrants/Certificates] are Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date 
for the [Warrants/Certificates] is prior to 2027 and (ii) the [Warrants/Certificates] are "delta-one" 
within the meaning of Section 871(m) of the Code.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) 
consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that 
the [Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the 
[Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the 
[Warrants/Certificates] is prior to 2027 and (ii) the [Warrants/Certificates] are not "delta-one" within 
the meaning of section 871(m) of the Code.]/[The Issuer has determined that the 
[Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the Code.]/[The 
Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) for the [Warrants/Certificates] consist solely of one or 
more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities and, therefore, that the [Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has 
determined that the Underlying(s) for the [Warrants/Certificates] consist solely of (i) one or more 
Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and/or (ii) Underlying(s) that are neither U.S. 
 
14  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable it is correct.

--- Page 2003 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1977 
 
equities nor indices that include U.S. equities and, therefore, that the [Warrants/Certificates] are not 
Specified ELIs.] [Additional Section 871(m) Information: [●]] 
[The Warrants/Certificates are [Specified Current Payment Warrants]/[Specified Net Total Return 
Warrants].] 
[Include below table if (i) the [Warrants/Certificates] are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the 
[Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial 
equivalence" test. 
 
Underlyin
g(s) 
U.S. 
Under-
lying 
Securities 
(Y/N) 
Qualified 
Index/Qua
lified 
Index 
Security 
(Y/N) 
Simple 
Contract 
(Y/N) 
Delta (if 
Simple 
Contract) 
Substantia
l 
Equivalen
ce Test (if 
not a 
Simple 
Contract) 
Number of 
Shares 
Multiplied 
by Delta 
(if Simple 
Contract) 
Initial 
Hedge (if 
applicable
) 
Additional 
Section 
871(m) 
Informatio
n 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10. [SECONDARY TRADING 
 
 
[Insert name and address of entities having a firm commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and a description of the main terms of their 
commitment]] 
11. DISTRIBUTION 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions and 
required certifications: 
[●] 
[The definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the 
certification in any relevant Exercise Notice shall be deemed 
to be as set out in Part C below.] (N.B. Only applicable in 
relation to Index Linked Warrants, Commodity Index Linked 
Warrants, FX Rate Linked Warrants or Commodity Linked 
Warrants) 
 
Issuer meets the qualifications listed in 
Article 7(4)(5-2) of the Enforcement 
Decree of the Financial Investment 
Services and Capital Markets Act of 
Korea: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
 
Registered Broker/Dealer: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Inc.][specify other]/[Not 
Applicable]]. 
(N.B. 
Only 
applicable 
for 
Warrants/Certificates eligible for sale in the United States) 
 
Syndication: 
The [Warrants/Certificates] will be distributed on a 
[non-]syndicated basis. 
 
If non-syndicated, name and address 
of relevant Dealer: 
[●] 
 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Dealer: 
[●] 
 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the

--- Page 2004 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1978 
 
Warrants may constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" 
should be specified) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Warrants may constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" 
should be specified) 
 
Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients 
in Switzerland: 
[Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of the 
Warrants during [the period[s] [ ⚫] to [ ⚫] (repeat as 
necessary)]] [Not Applicable] 
 
Swiss Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders of this 
paragraph 6) 
 
[Swiss Offer Period: 
From (and including) [⚫] until (and including) [⚫] [during 
[⚫] (specify any particular times on those days)]] 
 
[Withdrawal right according to Article 
63(5) of the Swiss Financial Services 
Ordinance (FinSO): 
[Applicable. If an obligation to prepare a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus according to Article 56(1) FinSA is 
triggered during the Swiss Offer Period, investors who have 
already subscribed or agreed to purchase or subscribe for 
Warrants before any such supplement to the Base Prospectus 
is published have the right to withdraw their subscriptions 
and acceptances within a period of two days from the 
publication of such supplement regardless of whether the 
Swiss Offer Period closes prior to the expiry of such two day 
period.] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Financial 
intermediaries 
granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus for Swiss Non-exempt 
Offers: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)] [The Issuer consents to 
the use of the Base Prospectus during the Swiss Offer Period 
by the financial intermediary(ies) with whom the Issuer has 
a contractual relationship in respect of the offer of the 
Warrants.]] 
12. [EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS AFFECTED BY 
THE VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S) 
 
[Include examples of complex derivative securities (if appropriate) to provide a clear and 
comprehensive explanation to help investors understand how the value of their investment is affected 
by the value of the Underlying(s)]] 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable)

--- Page 2005 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1979 
 
[ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE WARRANTS 
(insert completed Summary for the Warrants where the issue price or notional amount of the Warrants 
is less than EUR100,000)]

--- Page 2006 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1980 
 
SECTION H.7 –FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE 
CERTIFICATES 
The Pricing Supplement relating to each issue of Warrants may contain (without limitation) such of the 
following information as is applicable in respect of such Warrants.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Warrants in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the 
period[s] [●]-[●] (repeat periods as necessary), [T]/[t]The Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended or superseded, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, 
save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Warrants in the United Kingdom for which a UK PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] 
[●]-[●] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Warrants or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
The Base Listing Particulars referred to below (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) has been 
prepared on the basis that any offer of [Warrants/Certificates] in (i) any Member State of the European 
Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the [Warrants/Certificates] and (ii) the United Kingdom 
("UK") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus for offers of the [Warrants/Certificates]. Accordingly and subject as provided 
above, any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State or the UK of 
[Warrants/Certificates] may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or section 85 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act (as amended, the "FSMA"), as applicable, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation, as 
applicable, in each case, in relation to such offer. None of the Issuer[, the CGMFL Guarantor] and any

--- Page 2007 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1981 
 
Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of the [Warrants/Certificates] in 
any other circumstances.  
For the purposes of the above paragraph, the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1127 and "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended). 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - [Other than with 
respect to offers of the Warrants [during the period[s] [●] to [●] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which 
a key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act ("FinSA") or an 
equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared], [t][T]he Warrants are not intended to be offered 
or recommended to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
("FinSA")/FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a "private client" means a person who is not one 
(or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-
in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in 
Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 
58(2) FinSA.]1 
[This Pricing Supplement has not been and will not be filed and deposited with a review body in 
Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
("FinSA")/FinSA]. Accordingly, the Warrants may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of FinSA, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA 
or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. Neither this Pricing Supplement 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Warrants constitutes a prospectus pursuant 
to FinSA, and neither this Pricing Supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to 
the Warrants may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.]2 
[The Warrants do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning 
of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). They are neither subject to 
authorisation nor supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and 
investors in Warrants will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by any Swiss 
regulatory authority and are exposed to the risk of the Issuer and Guarantor (if applicable).]3 
The Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any State thereof.  The Warrants do not 
constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options 
thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), and 
trading in the Warrants has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
"CFTC") pursuant to the CEA.  No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator 
of the Issuer under the CEA and the rules of the CFTC thereunder.  The Issuer has not registered and will 
not register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
[Accordingly, the Warrants are being offered only to persons who are Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers in 
offshore transactions in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S").  Each 
purchaser of the Warrants or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and 
agreed that it is a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser and that it will not sell or otherwise transfer the Warrants 
or any beneficial interest therein at any time except to (1) the Issuer or its affiliates or (2) a Permitted 
Non-U.S. Purchaser in an offshore transaction in compliance with Regulation S.]4 
 
1  
Include if Warrants are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland. 
2  
Include if Warrants are offered in Switzerland. 
3  
Include if Warrants are offered in Switzerland. 
4  
Include for Regulation S Global Securities and Securities issued in dematerialised form.

--- Page 2008 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1982 
 
[Accordingly, the Warrants are being offered only to persons who are Permitted QIB Purchasers in 
reliance upon Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A").  Each purchaser of the Warrants or 
any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it is a Permitted QIB 
Purchaser and that it will not sell or otherwise transfer the Warrants or any beneficial interest therein at 
any time except to (1) the Issuer or its affiliates or (2) a Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with 
Rule 144A and the securities laws of each State of the United States.]5 
[Accordingly, the Warrants are being offered only to persons who are Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers in 
offshore transactions in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or 
Permitted QIB Purchasers in reliance upon Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A").  Each 
purchaser of the Warrants or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and 
agreed that it is either a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or a Permitted QIB Purchaser and that it will not 
sell or otherwise transfer the Warrants or any beneficial interest therein at any time except to (1) the 
Issuer or its affiliates, (2) a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in compliance with Regulation S or (3) a 
Permitted QIB Purchaser in compliance with Rule 144A and the securities laws of each State of the 
United States.]6 
[A "Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser" is a person that (i) is outside the United States at the time of any 
offer or sale of the Warrants to it and is not a "U.S. person" as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) 
of Regulation S; (ii) does not come within any definition of U.S. person for any purpose under the CEA 
or any rule, order, guidance or interpretation proposed or issued by the CFTC under the CEA (for the 
avoidance of doubt, a U.S. person shall include without limitation (a) any person who is either (x) not a 
"Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for 
the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-
United States persons" or (y) not a "foreign located person" as defined in CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii) and 
(b) any person who is a "U.S. Person" or a "Significant Risk Subsidiary", or benefits from a "Guarantee", 
in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA, as such rule may be 
amended, revised, supplemented or superseded); (iii) is not a "U.S. Person" as defined in Rule 3a71-
3(a)(4) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (iv) is not, and whose 
purchase and holding of the Warrants is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee 
benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other plan 
or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code.]7 
[A "Permitted QIB Purchaser" is a person that (i) is a "qualified institutional buyer" (as defined in Rule 
144A) (a “QIB”), purchasing (or holding) the Warrants for its own account or for the account of one or 
more QIBs and is aware that the offer and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; and (ii) is 
not, and whose purchase and holding of the Warrants is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, 
an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to 
Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee 
benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar 
to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.]8 
 
5  
Include for Rule 144A Global Securities. 
6  
Include for Combined Global Securities. 
7  
Include for (a) Regulation S Global Securities and Securities issued in dematerialised form and (b) Combined Global Securities only. 
8  
Include for (a) Rule 144A Global Securities and (b) Combined Global Securities only.

--- Page 2009 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1983 
 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Warrants, see "General Information relating 
to the Programme and the Securities – Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" in 
the Base Listing Particulars. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Pricing Supplement or the Base Listing Particulars (as 
defined below), all persons may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the United 
States federal, state and local tax treatment of the Warrants, any fact relevant to understanding the United 
States federal, state and local tax treatment of the Warrants, and all materials of any kind (including 
opinions or other tax analyses) relating to such United States federal, state and local tax treatment other 
than the names of the parties or any other person named herein, or information that would permit 
identification of the parties or other non-public business or financial information that is unrelated to the 
United States federal, state or local tax treatment of the Warrants with respect to such person and is not 
relevant to understanding the United States federal, state or local tax treatment of the Warrants with 
respect to such person. 
[The contents of this Pricing Supplement have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in 
Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt 
about any content of this Pricing Supplement, you should obtain independent professional advice.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore (the "SFA") - The Issuer has determined the classification of the Warrants as prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]9 
[By the purchase of any Warrants, each [Warrantholder/Certificateholder] will be deemed to have 
represented and warranted that the acquisition of the Warrant by it will not contravene any charter, 
investment objectives or internal policies, or any applicable laws or regulations, including without 
limitation, Section 12(d)(3) of the U.S. Investment Company Act and the rules promulgated thereunder.] 
[Date] 
[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Holdings 
Inc.] 
[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.] 
Legal Entity Identifier: [[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Number of Warrants][Title of Warrants] (the "Warrants") 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited] 
under the Citi Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Part A – Contractual Terms 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Listing Particulars. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Warrants described 
 
9  
To insert notice if classification of the Warrants is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it 
/ they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA. A notification of the product classification is required as long as an offer of securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer 
is not, or not intended to be, restricted to persons specified in Regulation 2 of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (i.e. an "accredited investor", "expert investor", "institutional investor" or "any other person that is not 
an individual").

--- Page 2010 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1984 
 
herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars[, as so supplemented]. This 
Pricing Supplement does not constitute Final Terms for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"EU Prospectus Regulation") or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Full 
information on the Issuer [, the CGMFL Guarantor] and the offer of the Warrants is only available on 
the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars[, as so 
supplemented]. The Base Listing Particulars is available for viewing at the specified offices of [the 
Manager[s] and] the Principal Warrant Agent [, at the registered office of CGMFL] [and on the website 
of [Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)][the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com)]]. [This Pricing Supplement is available [●].] 
"Base Listing Particulars" means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Base Listing Particulars dated 18 November 
2024 relating to the Programme and any supplement(s) thereto approved on or before the Issue Date of 
the Warrants.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under this Base Listing Particulars but prior to the publication of one or more supplements: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Original Base Listing Particulars. This document constitutes the 
Pricing Supplement of the [Warrants/Certificates] described herein and must be read in conjunction with 
the Current Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement(s) to the Current Base Listing Particulars], 
which [constitutes] [together constitute] a base listing particulars, save in respect of the Conditions which 
are extracted from the Original Base Listing Particulars [as supplemented by the Supplement(s) to the 
Original Base Listing Particulars] and are incorporated by reference into the Current Base Listing 
Particulars. 
Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMFL Guarantor] and the offer of the [Warrants/Certificates] is 
only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Current Base Listing 
Particulars [and the Supplement(s) to the Current Base Listing Particulars] and the Original Base Listing 
Particulars [and the Supplement(s) to the Original Base Listing Particulars]. Copies of such documents 
are available for viewing at the specified offices of [the Dealer[s] and] the Warrant Agents. Such 
documents and this Pricing Supplement are also published on the website of [Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)][the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)]]. 
For the purposes hereof, "Original Listing Particulars" means, in relation to the first tranche of the 
[Warrants/Certificates], the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Base Listing Particulars dated [18 November 2024] 
specified in the Pricing Supplement for such first tranche[, as supplemented by a Supplement (No. [●]) 
dated [●] ([the] "Supplement [to the Original Base Listing Particulars]"] [No. [●]]) [and a 
Supplement (No. [●]) dated [●] ("Supplement [to the Original Base Listing Particulars] No. [●]" and, 
together with Supplement No. [●], the "Supplement(s) to the Original Base Listing Particulars"])].] 
and "Current Base Listing Particulars" means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Base Listing Particulars dated 
[18 November 2024] relating to the Programme[, as supplemented by a Supplement (No. [●]) dated [●] 
([the] "Supplement [to the Current Base Listing Particulars] [No. [●]]") [and a Supplement (No. [●]) 
dated [●] ("Supplement [to the Current Base Listing Particulars] No. [●]" and, together with 
Supplement No. [●], the "Supplement(s) to the Current Base Listing Particulars)"].] 
[The following alternative language applies to a Pricing Supplement relating to an "up to" issue of 
Warrants which may be increased under a Base Listing Particulars with a later date N.B. "up to" issues 
of Warrants can't be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market:  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Listing Particulars. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Warrants described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with: (a) the Original Base Listing Particulars[, as so

--- Page 2011 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1985 
 
supplemented]; or (b) in respect of any issues of further Warrants issued by the Issuer pursuant to General 
Condition 13 in a number up to the maximum number of Warrants specified below, the Current Base 
Listing Particulars[, as so supplemented], save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 
Original Base Listing Particulars[, as so supplemented]. This Pricing Supplement does not constitute 
Final Terms for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive or the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Full information on the Issuer [, the CGMFL Guarantor] and the offer of the Warrants is only available 
on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement, the Current Base Listing Particulars[, as so 
supplemented] and the Original Base Listing Particulars[, as so supplemented]. The Original Base Listing 
Particulars [, the Supplement(s) to the Original Base Listing Particulars] and the Current Base Listing 
Particulars [and the Supplement(s) to the Current Base Listing Particulars] are available for viewing at 
the specified offices of [the Dealer[s] and] the Principal Warrant Agent and on the web-site of [Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)][and ][the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com)] [and at the registered office of CGMFL]. [This Pricing Supplement is available [●].] 
"Original Base Listing Particulars" means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Base Listing Particulars dated 18 
November 2024 relating to the Programme[, as supplemented by a Supplement (No. [●]) dated [●] ([the] 
"Supplement [to the Original Base Listing Particulars] [No. [●]]") [and a Supplement (No. [●]) dated 
[●] ("Supplement [to the Original Base Listing Particulars] No. [●]" and, together with Supplement 
No. [●], the "Supplement(s) to the Original Base Listing Particulars")]. 
"Current Base Listing Particulars" means, in respect of any issues of further Warrants issued by the 
Issuer pursuant to General Condition 13 in a number up to the maximum number of Warrants specified 
below, the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Base Listing Particulars as supplemented, amended or replaced as at the 
date of such further issue.] 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the Warrants and words 
and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in this Pricing 
Supplement, save where otherwise expressly provided. 
 
TYPE, ISSUE AND GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.][Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.] 
 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only Warrants issued by Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. are guaranteed by Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited) 
2. 
Type of Security: 
[Warrants] [Certificates] 
3. 
Governing Law: 
[English law][German law][Irish law] 
4. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Consolidation: 
[Not Applicable] [On [●], Tranche [●] of the Warrants 
("Tranche [●]") are to be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the [insert title of relevant Series of Warrants] 
issued on [insert issue date] ("Tranche [●]")] 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable for fungible issues of Warrants) 
5. 
Type of Warrant: 
The Warrants are [Security Index Linked Warrants / 
Commodity Index Linked Warrants / Commodity Linked 
Warrants / Share Linked Warrants /Depositary Receipt 
Linked Warrants / ETF Linked Warrants/ Mutual Fund 
Linked Warrants/FX Rate Linked Warrants / Bespoke Index

--- Page 2012 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1986 
 
Linked Warrants / Rate Linked Warrants / Debt Linked 
Warrants / specify other type of Warrant] (Specify one or a 
combination of the above for all Warrants/Certificates other 
than Credit Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
[The Warrants are [Call] [Put] [Spread] [Delta One] 
Warrants] (N.B. Call/Put Spread Warrants may not be Debt 
Linked Warrants, FX Rate Linked Warrants or Bespoke 
Index Linked Warrants) 
 
 
[The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
Credit 
[Warrants/Certificates]] 
 
 
(N.B. Credit Warrants may only be issued by CGMFL) 
 
 
[The Warrants are Long/Short Warrants] (N.B. Long/Short 
Warrants may only be Share Linked Warrants, Depositary 
Receipt Linked Warrants and/or ETF Linked Warrants 
relating to a basket of Shares, Depositary Receipts and/or 
ETF Shares) 
 
 
[The Certificates are [EMEA] [LATAM] [Saudi] [APAC] 
[Convertible Bond] Participation Certificates [that are 
[Indian/China/Taiwan] Participation Certificates.] (N.B. 
Participation Certificates other than APAC Convertible 
Bond Participation Certificates may only be Share Linked 
Certificates relating to a single Share and APAC 
Convertible Bond Participation Certificates may only be 
Debt Linked Certificates relating to a single Debt Security) 
6. 
Indian Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(Where the Warrants are specified to be Indian 
Participation Certificates above, specify as applicable) 
7. 
China Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(Where the Warrants are specified to be China Participation 
Certificates above, specify as applicable) 
8. 
Taiwan Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(Where the Warrants are specified to be Taiwan 
Participation Certificates above, specify as applicable) 
9. 
Exercise Style: 
The 
Warrants 
are 
[[European 
Style][American 
Style][Multiple Exercise][specify other] Warrants]. 
 
 
[The Warrants are [Call/Put] Warrants and, therefore, are 
European Style Warrants] 
 
 
[The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
Credit 
[Warrants/Certificates] linked to a Notional Transaction 
which is a Single Name CDS and, therefore, subject as 
provided 
in 
the 
Conditions, 
are 
European 
Style 
[Warrants/Certificates]] 
 
 
[The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
Credit 
[Warrants/Certificates] linked to a Notional Transaction 
which is an iTraxx CDS and, therefore, are Multiple 
Exercise [Warrants/Certificates]]

--- Page 2013 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1987 
 
 
 
[The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
Credit 
[Warrants/Certificates] linked to a Notional Transaction 
which is an Index Swaption and, therefore, are European 
Style [Warrants/Certificates]] 
 
 
[The Warrants are Long/Short Warrants and, therefore, are 
European Style Warrants.] 
 
 
[The 
Certificates 
are 
[EMEA] 
[LATAM] 
[Saudi] 
Participation Certificates and, therefore, are Multiple 
Exercise Certificates (see the Participation Conditions 
Annex)] 
 
 
[The 
Certificates 
are 
APAC 
[Convertible 
Bond] 
Participation Certificates and, therefore, are American Style 
Certificates] 
10. (a) 
Trading method: 
[Nominal]/[Units] 
 
(b) 
Number of Warrants being 
issued: 
 
The number of Warrants being issued is [●]  
[[being the equivalent of] [up to] [●] Units] (insert only if 
Trading in Units is specified as applicable below) 
 
(c) 
Total number of Warrants in 
issue: 
[●] 
(NB: Insert description of issuances and any purchases and 
cancellations for fungible issues of Warrants. Otherwise, 
this will be the same as the sub-paragraph (b) above) 
 
(d) 
Minimum trading size: 
[[●] Warrants [insert if Trading in Nominal is specified as 
applicable below: [being the equivalent of] [up to] [●] in 
nominal amount]  [insert if Trading in Units is specified as 
applicable below: being the equivalent of [up to] [●] Units]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Multiple trading size: 
[[●] [Warrants/Certificates] [insert if Trading in Nominal is 
specified as applicable below: [being the equivalent of] [up 
to] [●] in nominal amount] [insert if Trading in Units is 
specified as applicable below: [being the equivalent of] [up 
to] [●] Units]] [Not Applicable] 
(If a minimum trading size exists, this represents the higher 
integral multiple amount) 
11. Trading in Units: 
[Not Applicable] [Warrants must be exercised in Units. 
Each Unit consists of [●] Warrants.] (N.B. This is in addition 
to any requirements relating to "Minimum Exercise 
Number" or "Maximum Exercise Number" set out below) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Unit value: 
[●] per Unit 
 
(b) 
Aggregate proceeds amount: 
[●] (N.B. Specify as an amount calculated by multiplying the 
Issue Price and the aggregate issue size) 
12. Trading in Nominal: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Nominal 
amount 
per 
Warrant: 
[●] per Warrant (Include only if Trading in Nominal is 
Applicable above)

--- Page 2014 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1988 
 
13. (a) 
Issue Date: 
The issue date of the Warrants is [●] 
 
(b) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
14. Issue Price: 
[●] per [Warrant/Unit]  
EXERCISE 
15. Exercise: 
 
 
 
(If the information is set out elsewhere, delete remaining 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
[Exercise Price/Strike Price]: 
[The exercise price per [Warrant/Unit] is [●] 
 
 
(N.B. This should take into account any relevant Weighting)] 
 
 
[The Strike Price of the Underlying is [●]/specify the Strike 
Price for each Underlying] 
 
(b) 
Exercise Date(s): 
[The exercise date of the Warrants is [●], provided that, if 
such date is not a Business Day, the Exercise Date shall be 
the immediately [preceding/succeeding] Business Day.] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to European Style 
Warrants) 
 
 
[The exercise dates of the Warrants are [●], [●] and [●], 
provided that, if any such date is not a Business Day, that 
Exercise 
Date 
shall 
be 
the 
immediately 
[preceding/succeeding] Business Day] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Multiple Exercise 
Warrants) 
 
 
[As specified in item 33 below] (Include for Long/Short 
Warrants) 
 
(c) 
Exercise Period: 
[The exercise period in respect of the Warrants is from and 
including [●] to and including [●] [, or if [●] is not a 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Extension 
of 
Exercise 
Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to American Style 
Warrants) 
 
(e) 
Automatic Exercise: 
Automatic Exercise [applies/does not apply] 
 
 
(Automatic 
Exercise 
applies 
for 
Credit 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
(Automatic Exercise applies for APAC Participation 
Certificates and APAC Convertible Bond Participation 
Certificates) 
 
 
(Automatic Exercise applies for German Law Warrants) 
 
(f) 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[The minimum number of Warrants that may be exercised 
(including automatic exercise) on any day by any 
Warrantholder is [●] [and Warrants may only be exercised

--- Page 2015 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1989 
 
(including automatic exercise) in integral multiples of [●] 
Warrants in excess thereof]] [Not Applicable] 
[As specified in item 33 below] (Include for Long/Short 
Warrants) 
 
(g) 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[The maximum number of Warrants that may be exercised 
on any day by any Warrantholder or group of 
Warrantholders (whether or not acting in concert) is [●]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Actual Exercise Date for each additional Quota shall 
be each of the succeeding Business Days until all such 
Warrants have been attributed with an Actual Exercise Date, 
subject as provided in General Condition7(a)(ii)] 
 
 
(N.B. Not applicable for European Style Warrants or 
Multiple Exercise Warrants) 
16. Hedging Taxes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
INTEREST (IF ANY) 
17. Fixed Rate Warrant Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Interest Rate[(s)]: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/[other] (specify)] in arrear] 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] (NB: For certain 
Renminbi Warrants in respect of which the Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to modification, Modified Following 
Business Day Convention should apply) 
 
(d) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/ [●] in each year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
 
(e) 
Interest Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Interest Amount) 
 
(g) 
Calculation Amount 
[●] [Unit] 
 
(h) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/ [Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/ [other] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/ [Actual/365 Sterling]/ [1/1] (NB: Applicable for 
Renminbi Warrants) 
 
(i) 
[Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon. NB: only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))]

--- Page 2016 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1990 
 
 
(j) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ [other] (give details)] 
 
(k) 
Other terms relating to the 
method 
of 
calculating 
interest 
for 
Fixed 
Rate 
Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
VALUATION 
18. Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable for Credit Warrants/Certificates, 
otherwise specify Applicable) 
 
 
(If the Warrants are Credit Linked Warrants/Certificates or 
the information is set out elsewhere, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Warrants. [The 
Averaging Dates [in respect of each Actual Exercise Date] 
are [the Valuation Dates [in respect of such Actual Exercise 
Date]]] 
[Initial Averaging: [Applicable] [Not Applicable]]  
[Final Averaging: [Applicable] [Not Applicable]]  
(N.B. Initial / Final Averaging only applicable in relation to 
Put/Call Spread Warrants/Certificates) 
[The [Initial] [Final] Averaging Dates [in respect of each 
Actual Exercise Date] are [the [Initial] [Final] Valuation 
Dates specified below]] (Repeat as necessary) 
 
 
[[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/ Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
 
(b) 
Specified Valuation Date(s): 
The [Initial] [Final] Valuation Date[s] [in respect of each 
Actual Exercise Date] [is/are] [●]] [The Contract Expiry 
Date] (Specify for Security Index Linked Warrants where 
"Contract Valuation" is applicable) 
[The Initial Valuation Date is [●]] (N.B. Only applicable in 
relation to Put/Call Spread Warrants/Certificates where 
Strike Price is not specified) 
[[Each] such date shall be subject to adjustment [as provided 
in [Valuation and Settlement Condition 1/specify] 
 
(c) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled Trading Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable/specify] [Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(c)(i) [applies/does not apply]] 
[[Preceding/Modified Following] Scheduled Trading Day] 
(Only applicable in respect of a Rate Underlying) 
 
(d) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable/specify] [Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(d)(i) [applies/does not apply]]

--- Page 2017 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1991 
 
(In relation to determination of Underlying Levels, specify 
adjustments to Valuation Dates where different from the 
Conditions) 
 
(e) 
Valuation Roll: 
[Eight] [●] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to eight) 
SETTLEMENT 
19. Settlement: 
Settlement will be by way of [cash payment ("Cash Settled 
Warrants")] [and/or] [physical delivery ("Physical 
Delivery Warrants")] 
 
 
(Call/Put Spread Warrants/Certificates are Cash Settled 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
(Credit 
Warrants/Certificates 
are 
Cash 
Settled 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
(Long/Short Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants) 
 
 
(EMEA Participation Certificates, LATAM Participation 
Certificates and Saudi Participation Certificates are Cash 
Settled Certificates) 
 
 
(APAC Participation Certificates and APAC Convertible 
Bond 
Participation 
Certificates 
are 
Cash 
Settled 
Certificates or, at the option of the Issuer or 
Certificateholder 
(where 
specified 
below 
that 
the 
Certificateholder has the option to vary settlement only), 
Physical Delivery Certificates) 
20. Variation of Settlement 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the information is set out elsewhere or if not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
Issuer's 
option 
to 
vary 
settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary settlement 
in respect of the Warrants pursuant to General Condition 
5(e) (N.B. Option is only available in relation to Warrants 
represented by a Global Security)[. Cash Settled Warrants 
which carry this right will be treated as Physical Delivery 
Warrants for the purposes of the legends on the Warrants] 
 
 
[The Issuer does not have the option to vary settlement in 
respect of the Certificates pursuant to General Condition 
5(e). The Issuer has the option to elect for physical 
settlement where the Certificates are cancelled on an Early 
Termination Settlement Date.]  
(Insert for APAC Participation Certificates and APAC 
Convertible Bond Participation Certificates) 
 
(b) 
Warrantholder's option to 
vary settlement: 
[The Warrantholder [has/does not have] the option to elect 
for settlement [by way of cash payment/physical delivery][, 
subject as provided in the Conditions to the Issuer's right to 
elect cash settlement/insert details] 
21. Cash Settlement Amount(s): 
[The Cash Settlement Amount shall be determined as set out 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition [2(a)(i)(A)]

--- Page 2018 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1992 
 
[2(a)(i)(B)] 
[2(a)(ii)(A)] 
[2(a)(ii)(B)] 
[2(a)(iii)(A)] 
[2(a)(iii)(B)] [2(a)(iii)(C)] [2(a)(iv)] [2(a)(v)] [2(b)(i)] 
[2(b)(ii)] [2(b)(iii)] [2(b)(iv)] [6]] 
 
 
[For the purposes of [Valuation and Settlement Condition 
[2(a)(vi)] [2(b)(v)]], the Cash Settlement Amount shall be 
determined [as set out in the Schedule attached hereto] 
[insert details]] 
(Consideration to be given to whether the Cash Settlement 
Amount should include accrued interest or whether, for 
English Law Warrants or the Irish Law Warrants, the 
amount payable is the Cash Settlement Amount plus accrued 
interest) 
(Specify 
the 
Cash 
Settlement Amount 
for APAC 
Participation Certificates and APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates) 
For the purposes of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
[2(a)(i)(B)] 
[2(a)(ii)(B)] 
[2(a)(iii)(B)] 
[2(a)(iii)(C)] 
[2(a)(iv)], Rate 1 is [●] and Rate 2 is [●]] (Specify where the 
Warrants are Rate Linked Warrants relating to a basket of 
Rates) 
 
 
[The Cash Settlement Amount shall be determined as set out 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5] 
(Insert for EMEA Participation Certificates, LATAM 
Participation 
Certificates 
and 
Saudi 
Participation 
Certificates) 
 
 
[As specified in item 33 below] (Include for Long/Short 
Warrants) 
 
(a) 
Commission: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination][Screen Page Determination] applies [and 
the relevant Screen Page is [●] and the relevant time is [●]]] 
[●] 
[As specified in item 33 below] (Include for Long/Short 
Warrants) 
 
(c) 
Cap: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Floor: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each Underlying to ascertain 
the Settlement Price is [●]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment [in accordance with the Share 
Conditions (in the case of Share Linked Warrants)]]/[specify 
the Weighting for each Underlying]/[specify other]/[Not 
Applicable] /  
[As specified in the Schedule attached hereto] (Include for 
Long/Short Warrants) 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Warrants 
relating to a basket of Underlyings)

--- Page 2019 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1993 
 
 
(f) 
Settlement Date(s): 
(i) 
[The settlement date(s) for the Warrants [is/are] [●] 
[or, if [any] such date is not a [Settlement] Business 
Day, the immediately [succeeding/preceding] 
[Settlement] Business Day]. (N.B. Applicable for 
Physical Delivery Warrants. Only applicable for 
Cash Settled Warrants if Settlement Date(s) is/are 
different from the definition in the Conditions or for 
Credit Linked Warrants linked to a Notional 
Transaction which is an Index Swaption)] 
 
 
(ii) 
["Settlement Business Day" for the purposes of 
General Condition 5(c)(ii) means [⚫] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants)] 
 
 
(N.B. In relation to Mutual Fund Linked Warrants, 
consideration should be given to when the value of the 
relevant Fund Interest will be published) 
 
 
[As specified in item 33 below] (Include for Long/Short 
Warrants) 
 
(g) 
Multiplier: 
[[●] [%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Fixed Percentage: 
[[●] [%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Lower Strike: 
[[●] [%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Upper Strike: 
[[●] [%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Nominal Amount: 
[The nominal amount which is to be used to determine 
[the/each] Cash Settlement Amount pursuant to [General 
Condition 5(b)(i)] [Valuation and Settlement Condition 2] is 
[●] [and the relevant screen page is [●]] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. a Nominal Amount must be specified for (i) Call / Put 
Warrants, (ii) Call / Put Spread Warrants where the relevant 
Underlying(s) are Rates and Averaging does not apply and 
(iii) Delta One Warrants) 
 
(l) 
Strike: 
[[●]%] [Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
Margin: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B pursuant to each of the formulae for Call Warrants, 
Put Warrants, Call Spread Warrants and Put Spread 
Warrants relating to Rates, the Margin will be added to the 
Settlement Price. If the Margin should be subtracted from 
the Settlement Price, the Margin should be specified here to 
be a negative number) 
 
(n) 
Rates Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 2020 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1994 
 
(N.B Only applicable to Rate Linked Warrants where a day 
count fraction is required to be applied to the Rate (e.g. in 
the event that there are multiple Exercise Dates.) 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Warrants) 
 
(o) 
Payment of Dividends: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – see the Schedule attached 
hereto/specify details] 
 
 
[Applicable - The definition in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5 (Definitions) applies and, for which purpose, the 
Dividend Percentage is [●]%] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Call Warrants or Put 
Warrants for which the Underlying is a Share, a Depositary 
Receipt, an ETF Share or a Fund Interest) 
22. Settlement Currency: 
The settlement currency for the payment of [the/each Cash 
Settlement Amount] (in the case of Cash Settled 
Warrants)/[the Disruption Cash Settlement Price] [and/or 
the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price] (in the case of 
Physical Delivery Warrants) [and/or any other amounts 
payable in respect of the Warrants] is [●] 
23. Business Day Centre(s): 
The applicable Business Day Centre[s] for the purposes of 
the definition of "Business Day" in General Condition 3 
[is/are] [●] 
EARLY TERMINATION 
24. Early Termination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[See Item 33 below] (Include for Long/Short Warrants) 
 
 
(If not applicable or if the information is set out elsewhere, 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
 
(Specify as Applicable for APAC Participation Certificates 
and APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates) 
 
(a) 
Early Termination Event: 
[●] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5] 
 
 
(include provisions relating to valuation) 
 
(b) 
Observation Date(s): 
The Observation Date[s] [in respect of each Early 
Termination Settlement Date] [is/are] [●] 
 
(c) 
Specified Valuation Date(s): 
[Each Observation Date] [●] 
[[Each] such date shall be subject to adjustment [as provided 
in [Valuation and Settlement Condition 1/specify] 
 
(d) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled Trading Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable/specify] [Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(c)(i) [applies/does not apply]] 
[[Preceding/Modified Following] Scheduled Trading Day] 
(Only applicable in respect of a Rate Underlying) 
 
(e) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable/specify] [Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(d)(i) [applies/does not apply]]

--- Page 2021 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1995 
 
(In relation to determination of Underlying Levels, specify 
adjustments to Valuation Dates where different from the 
Conditions) 
 
(f) 
Valuation Roll: 
[Eight] [●] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
(g) 
Observation Period: 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Early 
Termination 
Amount(s): 
[●][As specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5] 
 
(i) 
[Early Termination Amount 
includes amount in respect of 
accrued interest:] 
[Not Applicable] [Yes: no additional amount in respect of 
[accrued] interest to be paid/No: together with the Early 
Termination Amount, [accrued] interest shall also be paid 
 
 
[Yes, subject as provided below: 
 
 
Where the Warrants are represented by a Global Security, 
the Early Termination Amount shall include in its 
computation all accrued but unpaid interest] 
(Only applicable in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants. Delete 
this provision if the Warrants are not Fixed Rate Warrants) 
 
(j) 
Early 
Termination 
Settlement Date(s): 
[●] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5] 
 
(k) 
Termination Cut-off Date: 
[[●] Business Days immediately preceding the Early 
Termination Settlement Date/specify] 
TERMS OF LONG/SHORT WARRANTS 
25. Terms of Long/Short Warrants 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Exercise and Settlement 
 
 
(a) 
Settlement Date: 
The settlement date for the Warrants is [●] or, if such day is 
not a Business Day, the immediately [preceding/succeeding] 
Business Day 
 
(b) 
Exercise Date: 
The exercise date of the Warrants is [●], provided that, if 
such date is not a Business Day, the Exercise Date shall be 
the immediately [preceding/succeeding] Business Day] 
 
(c) 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
The minimum number of Warrants that may be exercised 
(including automatic exercise) on any day by any 
Warrantholder is [●] [and Warrant may only be exercised 
(including automatic exercise) in integral multiples of [●] 
Warrants in excess thereof] 
 
Cash Settlement Amount 
 
 
(a) 
Cash Settlement Amount: 
The Cash Settlement Amount shall be as defined in the 
Settlement on Exercise Conditions. 
 
(b) 
Exchange Rate: 
Exchange Rate Screen Page: [●] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 2022 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1996 
 
 
 
Exchange Rate Specified Time: [●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Long Underlying: 
Each Underlying specified under the heading "Long 
Underlying" in the Schedule attached hereto and "LT" 
means [●]. 
 
(d) 
Short Underlying: 
Each Underlying specified under the heading "Short 
Underlying" in the Schedule attached hereto and "ST" 
means [●]. 
 
(e) 
Underlying Currency: 
In respect of an Underlying, the currency specified for such 
Underlying under the heading "Underlying Currency" in the 
Schedule attached hereto. 
 
(f) 
N(i): 
In respect of an Underlying, the amount specified for such 
Underlying under the heading "N(i)" in the Schedule 
attached hereto. 
 
(g) 
Relevant Percentage: 
In respect of an Underlying, the percentage specified for 
such Underlying under the heading "Relevant Percentage" 
in the Schedule attached hereto. 
 
(h) 
Participation Rate ("PR"): 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Long 
Participation 
Rate 
("LPR"): 
[●] 
 
(j) 
Short 
Participation 
Rate 
(SPR): 
[●] 
 
Early Termination 
Applicable 
 
(k) 
Bid Level Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(l) 
Early Termination Barrier 
Level: 
[●] 
 
(m) 
Termination Cut-off Date: 
[[●] Business Days immediately preceding the Early 
Termination Settlement Date/specify] 
CREDIT WARRANTS 
26. Terms of Credit Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
For the purposes of the Credit 
Conditions: 
 
 
(a) 
Details 
of 
Notional 
Transaction: 
[Single Name CDS/Index CDS/Index Swaption/[specify 
other]] in the form set out in Part C hereto] 
 
(b) 
Threshold Percentage: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if Index Swaption is specified as the 
Notional Transaction) 
 
(c) 
Swap Counterparty: 
[●] [A market counterparty of the highest creditworthiness] 
 
(d) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
(a) 
The following Additional Disruption Events apply 
to the Warrants:

--- Page 2023 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1997 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased cost of Hedging] 
 
 
(b) 
The Trade Date is [●] 
 
(e) 
Additional 
provisions 
relating to Credit Warrants: 
[Specify] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYINGS AND EARLY TERMINATION 
27. Provisions relating to Underlyings: 
 
 
(a) 
Underlying: 
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
 
 
(A) 
Description 
of 
Underlying(s): 
[specify each Underlying including ISIN or other 
identification 
number 
where 
available, 
including 
definitions, as appropriate] 
 
(B) 
Classification: 
[Security 
Index/ 
Commodity 
Index/ 
Commodity/Share/Depositary Receipt/ETF Share/ Mutual 
Fund Interest/FX Rate (EMTA Provisions: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable])/ Bespoke Index/ Rate/Debt Security] 
(In respect of a Rate, note that only interest rates which are 
published on an Electronic Page may be specified) 
 
 
 
 
(C) 
Electronic Page: 
[●] (specify for each Underlying) 
 
(b) 
Particulars in respect of each 
Underlying: 
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs which are not applicable) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Security Index) 
 
(A) 
Type of Index: 
[Single Exchange Index/Multiple Exchange Index][Bond 
Index] 
 
(B) 
Contract Valuation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Contract: 
[specify] 
 
II. 
Contract 
Expiry 
Date: 
[specify] 
 
(C) 
Exchange(s): 
[●] / [Shanghai Stock Exchange/Shenzhen Stock Exchange] 
(Where Additional Index Provisions for China Connect 
Service are specified as applicable for an Index, only the 
Shanghai Stock Exchange or the Shenzhen Stock Exchange 
should be specified for such Index)

--- Page 2024 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1998 
 
 
 
(N.B.: Only required in relation to Single Exchange Indices) 
 
(D) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[●]/All Exchanges] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Index 
Provisions 
China 
Connect Service: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [in respect of [⚫]] 
 
(F) 
Single 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Same 
Day 
Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the level for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
 
(N.B.: If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is specified, 
"No Revision" will be deemed to apply)] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Commodity Index) 
 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the level for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
(specify for each Commodity) 
 
(A) 
Commodity Price: 
[[high price][low price][average of high and low 
prices][closing 
price][opening 
price][bid 
price][asked 
price][average of bid and asked prices][settlement 
price][official settlement price][official price][morning 
fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price] [⚫] [per [insert unit]] of 
[insert commodity] on [the relevant Exchange/[specify other 
source]] [of the [relevant] Futures Contract for the [relevant] 
Delivery Date] as made public by [the [relevant] Exchange] 
on [the [relevant] Price Source]] [specify price][Fallback 
Commodity Dealers] 
 
(B) 
Delivery Date: 
[date] [month and year] [[First/Second/Third/specify other 
number] 
Nearby 
Month][Either 
(i) 
the 
[First/Second/Third/specify other number] Nearby Month or 
(ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant 
Valuation Date falls less than [[⚫]] Commodity Business 
Days prior to the earlier of (A) the last trading day of the 
relevant [First/Second/Third/specify other number] Futures 
Contract; or (B) the first day on which notice of intent to 
deliver in respect of the relevant [First/Second/Third/specify 
other number] Futures Contract may be submitted 
(howsoever defined in the terms of the relevant Futures 
Contract and/or the rules of the relevant Exchange), the 
[First/Second/Third/specify 
other 
number] 
Nearby 
Month][specify date] 
 
(C) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]

--- Page 2025 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
1999 
 
 
(D) 
Price Source: 
[The Electronic Page] [⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Unless otherwise specified, Price Source shall be the 
Electronic Page) 
 
(E) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only applicable if the definition for Bullion 
Commodities in the Commodity Conditions is not 
applicable)] 
 
[Share(s): 
(specify for each Share) 
 
(A) 
Share Company: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] / [Shanghai Stock Exchange/Shenzhen Stock Exchange] 
(Where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the 
China Connect Service are specified as applicable for a 
Share, only the Shanghai Stock Exchange or the Shenzhen 
Stock Exchange should be specified for such Share) 
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Shares 
traded 
through the China 
Connect Service: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [in respect of [⚫]] 
 
(E) 
Stapled Share: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify for each Share which is a Stapled Share) 
Component Share: [⚫] 
Component Share Company: [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
(specify for each Depositary Receipt) 
 
(A) 
Full Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Partial 
Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Depositary Receipt 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Depositary Receipt 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(E) 
Underlying 
Share 
Company: 
[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Underlying 
Share 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]

--- Page 2026 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2000 
 
 
(G) 
Underlying 
Share 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
(specify for each ETF Share) 
 
(A) 
Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] / [Shanghai Stock Exchange/Shenzhen Stock Exchange] 
(Where Additional Provisions for ETF Shares traded 
through the China Connect Service are specified as 
applicable for an ETF Share, only the Shanghai Stock 
Exchange or the Shenzhen Stock Exchange should be 
specified for such ETF Share) 
 
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Provisions for ETF 
Shares 
traded 
through the China 
Connect Service: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [in respect of [⚫]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
(specify for each Fund Interest) 
 
(A) 
Mutual Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[Scheduled Interim Valuation Date/Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date]] 
 
(D) 
Same 
Day 
Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the value published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the value for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions 
are 
Not 
Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange Rate 
comprising such FX Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate: 
"cross-rate/formula": [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The FX Rate is [the inverse of] [[⚫]] / [the product of [⚫] 
and [[⚫]] / [the quotient of [[⚫]] (as numerator) and [[⚫]] (as 
denominator)]]] (delete or combine as applicable) 
 
(B) 
Exchange Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Base 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Quote 
Currency: 
[⚫]

--- Page 2027 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2001 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Financial 
Centres: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Valuation 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Event 
Currency 
/Currencies: 
[Specify if different to the FX Rate Conditions] 
 
 
(NB: only required if "General Inconvertibility", "General 
Non-Transferability", "Material Change in Circumstances", 
"Nationalisation", "Specific Inconvertibility" or "Specific 
Non-Transferability" are specified as Currency Disruption 
Events below)] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate Source: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Valuation Time: 
(specify in respect of the Primary Rate and any fallback 
rates) 
 
 
[⚫] in respect of the Primary Rate 
 
 
[[⚫] in respect of the First Fallback Reference Price] 
 
 
[[⚫] in respect of the Second Fallback Reference Price] 
 
(C) 
Reference 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Settlement 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
(E) 
Reference Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Settlement 
Currency Business 
Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(G) 
Number 
of 
Settlement Business 
Days: 
[⚫][Settlement Currency Business Days] 
 
(H) 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Days: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[⚫] consecutive calendar days 
 
[Bespoke Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Type of Bespoke 
Index: 
The Bespoke Index/[⚫]] is [not] a Citi Proprietary Index 
 
(B) 
[Index Sponsor: 
For the purposes hereof, the Index Sponsor in respect of the 
Bespoke Index is the Index Administrator (as defined in the 
Index Conditions)]

--- Page 2028 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2002 
 
 
(C) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[As defined in Bespoke Index Condition 1/A Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be an "Index Business Day" as defined in 
the Index Conditions]] 
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[A Business Day][A day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [ ⚫] (specify 
each)] [A day on which T2 is open] [A U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day]] 
 
(C) 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable: The Rate Linked Redemption 
Amount shall be determined by reference to [specify 
Rate(s)] and for which purpose the Specified RL Valuation 
Date shall be [⚫]] 
 
[Debt Security(ies): 
 
 
(A) 
Securities Issuer: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Elections in respect of each 
type of Underlying: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable) 
 
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
(NB: for the purposes of the Additional Adjustment Events 
and Additional Early Redemption Events in respect of each 
type of Underlying, either the Additional Adjustment Events 
or the Additional Early Redemption Events (with the option 
to specify the Early Termination Amount) must be 
applicable. Alternatively, both the relevant Additional 
Adjustment Events and the Additional Early Redemption 
Events may be applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Additional Adjustment Events should not be disapplied at 
the same time as the Additional Early Redemption Events.) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow][Loss of Stock 
Borrow][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security Index Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 2029 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2003 
 
 
(C) 
Security 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 6(b)(i) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Security Index Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Security 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Reference 
Month(s): 
[In respect of a Valuation Date [⚫]] 
 
(B) 
Manifest Error Cut-
off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment Date/[⚫]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is specified, the cut-
off date will be 2 Business Days prior to any relevant 
Payment Date) 
 
(C) 
Revision 
Cut-off 
Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment Date/[⚫]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Revision Cut-off Date is specified, the cut-off 
date will be 2 Business Days prior to any relevant Payment 
Date) 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Inflation Index Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Inflation Index Condition 5: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(F) 
Inflation 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
4(a): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(a) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
4(b): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 2030 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2004 
 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(b) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Commodity 
Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Commodity 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Commodity Index Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Commodity Index Substitution Criteria: [[⚫]/As determined 
by Calculation Agent]]] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
 
 
(A) 
Commodity Dealers 
[The definition set out in Commodity Condition 1 
(Definitions) shall apply/[⚫]]/Not Applicable 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Commodity Dealers are specified, the 
Commodity Dealers shall be four leading dealers in the 
relevant market selected by the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
(If Fallback Commodity Dealers is not applicable to the 
Securities, specify Not Applicable) 
 
(B) 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted Day) applies] 
 
 
[Disappearance of Commodity Price] 
 
 
[Material Change in Content] 
 
 
[Material Change in Formula] 
 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Tax Disruption] 
 
 
[Trading Disruption (specify any additional futures/options 
contracts)] 
 
(C) 
Disruption 
Fallback(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(b) (Disruption Fallback) applies.] 
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply, in the following 
order: 
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Price (specify alternative Commodity 
Price)]  
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Dealers]

--- Page 2031 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2005 
 
 
 
[Delayed Publication and Announcement] 
 
 
[Postponement] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
[Cancellation]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Events: 
[Abandonment of Scheme (N.B. only applicable where the 
Underlying is an emission)] 
 
 
[Commodity Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Share 
Substitution 
Criteria: 
[Reference 
Index/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Corporate 
Action: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Corporate Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Delisting: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Insolvency: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Insolvency is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Merger 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]]

--- Page 2032 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2006 
 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Tender 
Offer: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Tender Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
De-stapling 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – De-stapling Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Component Share Additional Adjustment Event(s): 
 
 
[Corporate Action]  
 
 
[Insolvency] 
 
 
[Merger Event]  
 
 
[Nationalisation]  
 
 
[Tender Offer] 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary for each Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event(s)) 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Dividend Adjusted 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of [insert relevant 
Share] [as [Interest Underlying(s)[,/and/or] [Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying(s)] [,/and/or] [Redemption 
Underlying(s)]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
Dividend Screen Page: [⚫] 
 
 
Start Date: [Interest Strike Date] [,/and] [Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date] [,/and] [Redemption Strike Date] 
[,/and] [⚫]

--- Page 2033 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2007 
 
 
 
The Underlying Closing Level on the Start Date is [the Price 
on the Start Date]/ [⚫] 
 
 
Target Dividend: [⚫] 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
Applicable Percentage: [⚫] 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Depositary Receipt 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria: Depositary 
Receipt: [Same Underlying Share and Currency/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]. 
 
 
Underlying Share: [Reference Index/As determined by 
Calculation Agent].] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Insolvency: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Insolvency is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger Event is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Nationalisation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 2034 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2008 
 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Nationalisation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender Offer: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender Offer is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying Share Event: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying Share 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
ETF 
Share 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If ETF Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria: [Related Index. [To specify 
unless limb (b) of "Related Index" is being relied on: For 
which purpose, the Related Index is [⚫]] (specify for each 
ETF Share where there is a basket of ETF Shares)/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Delisting: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - Delisting is 
Applicable:

--- Page 2035 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2009 
 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Insolvency: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - Insolvency 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Merger Event: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Merger 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Tender Offer: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Tender 
Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange 
Traded 
Fund 
(ETF) 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Strategy 
Breach: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Strategy 
Breach is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination: Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 2036 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2010 
 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Fees or Charges Event] 
 
 
[Fund Adviser Event [- for which purpose the AUM 
Threshold is [⚫] (specify AUM Threshold if different to the 
Conditions)] 
 
 
[Holding Ratio Change] 
 
 
[Limitation Event] 
 
 
[NAV Trigger Event (specify NAV Trigger Percentage, if 
applicable)] 
 
 
[New Information Event] 
 
 
[Non Currency Redemption] 
 
 
[Related Agreement Termination [- for which purpose [⚫] 
shall be a relevant party] (specify other relevant party (if 
any))] 
 
 
[Asset Trigger Event] 
 
 
[Delisting] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Mutual 
Fund 
Interest 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Interest Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria: [Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest. For which purpose, the Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest Criteria is: 
 
 
[Liquidity] 
 
 
[Similar Strategy] 
 
 
[Same Currency] 
 
 
[As determined by Calculation Agent]]]  
 
(C) 
Monetisation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 2037 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2011 
 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Insolvency: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Insolvency is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Nationalisation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Advisor Resignation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Advisor Resignation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund Modification: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund Modification is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]]

--- Page 2038 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2012 
 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting Disruption: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting Disruption is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross Contamination: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross Contamination is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund Service 
Provider: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund Service 
Provider is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Additional 
Early 
Termination 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions 
are 
Not 
Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
 
 
Primary Rate: [⚫] 
 
 
Secondary Rate: [⚫] 
 
 
Price Materiality Percentage: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Specific Inconvertibility]

--- Page 2039 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2013 
 
 
 
[Specific Non-Transferability] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX Rate Part A Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part A Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Price Materiality. For which purpose: 
 
 
(i) 
Price Materiality Percentage is [[⚫]] per cent. 
 
 
(ii) 
Primary Rate is [the FX Rate/[⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Secondary Rate is [the First Fallback Reference 
Rate [and the Second Fallback Reference Rate]/ [⚫
]]] 
 
(B) 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the following 
order: 
 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes of the 
related First Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
First Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
First Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
 
 
(iii) 
First Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
 
 
(iv) 
First Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes of the 
related Second Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
Second Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
Second Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
 
 
(iii) 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
 
 
(iv) 
Second Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
(specify relevant fallbacks for each FX Rate and the order 
in which they apply) 
 
(C) 
Correction 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify for each FX Rate 
where different) 
 
(D) 
Settlement 
Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 2040 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2014 
 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX Rate Part B Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part B Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[Bespoke Index/Indices: 
(This may not include an index composed or provided by the 
Issuers, by any legal entity belonging to their group or by a 
legal entity or a natural person acting in association with or 
on behalf of Issuers.) 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Bespoke Index Condition 4(a): Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Bespoke Index Condition 4(a) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
[Component 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] 
 
• 
[Component 
Disrupted Day:] 
[A Component Disrupted Day in respect of a Component 
shall be a "Disrupted Day" as defined for such Component 
in the Index Conditions] 
 
• 
[Component 
Scheduled Trading 
Day:] 
[A Component Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a 
Component shall be a "Scheduled Trading Day" as defined 
for such Component in the Index Conditions]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Early 
Termination 
Event(s): 
[Bespoke Index Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Bespoke Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Bespoke 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Bespoke 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Bespoke 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(A): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Bespoke Index Condition 6(b)(A) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
[Rate(s):

--- Page 2041 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2015 
 
 
(A) 
Correction 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, for which purpose the Correction Period shall 
be [⚫]]/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Debt Security(ies): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[specify] 
 
(B) 
Debt 
Security 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Applicable, specify any applicable substitution criteria) 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
29. Realisation Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
30. RMB Disruption Event: 
 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
RMB Relevant Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
RMB 
Relevant 
Currency 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate 
Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(d) 
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(e) 
Early Termination Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
31. Hedging 
Disruption 
Early 
Termination Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Termination Option: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
32. Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
33. Section 871(m) Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable:  
[Section 871(m) Event (Hedging): Not Applicable] 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
34. Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 2042 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2016 
 
[If Applicable: 
Illegality: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Material Increased Cost: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
35. Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Termination Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
36. Administrator/Benchmark Event 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
(Limb 
(3)): 
Not 
Applicable] 
Early Termination following Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: [Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
37. Early Redemption for Illegality: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
38. Reference Rate Event Provisions:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Reference Rate: [●] 
 
 
[Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii)): Not Applicable] 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate(s): [●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
Reference Rate Early Termination: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
39. Costs 
for 
Unwinding 
Hedging 
Arrangements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Consider specifying not applicable for German Law 
Warrants) 
PHYSICAL DELIVERY 
40. Physical Delivery: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Physical Delivery 
Warrants. If not applicable or if the information is set out 
elsewhere, delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
The relevant asset to which the Warrants relate [is/are] [●] 
 
 
Delivery [shall/shall not] be subject to payment of the 
relevant Exercise Price 
 
(b) 
Aggregation: 
 
 
(i) 
Aggregation 
of 
Entitlements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable].

--- Page 2043 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2017 
 
 
(ii) 
Rounding: 
[Up/Down]. 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable where Aggregation of Entitlements is 
specified as Not Applicable) 
 
(c) 
Cash Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Value of the Fractional Entitlement shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent [by reference to the [Settlement 
Price] of the relevant [Share]]. 
 
(d) 
Entitlement: 
[The/Each] Entitlement (as defined in the relevant 
Underlying Schedule) in relation to each Warrant [and each 
Actual Exercise Date] is [●] 
 
(e) 
Evidence of Entitlement: 
[The/Each] Entitlement will be evidenced by [insert details 
of how such Entitlement will be evidenced]. 
 
(f) 
Delivery of Entitlement: 
[The/Each] Entitlement will be delivered [insert details of 
the method of delivery of such Entitlement]. 
 
(g) 
Failure to Deliver: 
Failure to Deliver [applies/does not apply] to the Warrants. 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of the Physical Delivery 
Warrants which are Index Warrants, Share Warrants, 
Depositary Receipt Warrants, ETF Warrants, Mutual Fund 
Warrants or Debt Warrants. Careful consideration should 
be given to whether Failure to Deliver is applicable to other 
Physical Delivery Warrants) 
EMEA PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATES AND LATAM PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATES 
41. Terms 
of 
EMEA 
Participation 
Certificates and LATAM Participation 
Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Strike Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Final Settlement Date: 
In relation to a Certificate and the Additional Exercise Date, 
the day falling [●] Business Days after the [final Scheduled 
Trading Day of the relevant Valuation Period/Valuation 
Date] 
 
(c) 
Final Settlement Amount: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Corporate Action Amount: 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Dividend Amount: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Settlement Date: 
In relation to a Certificate and (a) a Corporate Action, the 
day falling [●] Business Days after the last day of the 
Corporate Action Valuation Period or (b) a Dividend, the 
day falling [●] Business Days after the date on which the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates receives such Dividend  
 
(g) 
Final Exercise Date: 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Exercise Price: 
[●] 
SAUDI PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATES

--- Page 2044 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2018 
 
42. Terms 
of 
Saudi 
Participation 
Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Expiration Date (Saudi): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Final Settlement Date: 
Five Business Days following the Receipt Date, subject as 
provided in the Conditions 
 
(d) 
Final Settlement Amount: 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Dividend Amount: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Settlement Date: 
In relation to a Certificate and a Dividend and subject as 
provided in the Conditions, the tenth Business Day 
following the date on which such Dividend is received by a 
Holder of record of the Shares. 
 
(g) 
Exercise Price: 
[●] per Certificate 
 
(h) 
Final Exercise Date: 
[●] 
APAC PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATES 
43. Terms 
of 
APAC 
Participation 
Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Final Settlement Date: 
In relation to Cash Settled Certificates, the Final Settlement 
Date is three Business Days after the final Scheduled 
Trading Day of the relevant Valuation Period. 
In relation to Physical Delivery Certificates, the Final 
Settlement Date is three Settlement Business Days after the 
Actual Exercise Date. 
 
(b) 
Exercise Period: 
From (and including) [●] to (and including) [●] 
 
(c) 
Settlement 
Business 
Day 
Centre: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Local Jurisdiction: 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Underlying RMB Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
(f) 
Underlying RMB Settlement 
Centre(s): 
[●] 
APAC CONVERTIBLE BOND PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATES 
44. Terms of APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 2045 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2019 
 
 
(a) 
Debt Securities Amount: 
[Insert Security Currency] [●] / [[●] Lot[s] of the Debt 
Securities comprised of [[●] CB Units of] [Insert Security 
Currency] [●]]] in nominal amount of Debt Securities 
 
(b) 
Details of Shares: 
[insert details]  
Share Company: [●] 
 
(c) 
Local Jurisdiction: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Conversion 
APAC 
Participation Certificates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Final Settlement Date: 
[(i)] 
In relation to Cash Settled Certificates, the Final 
Settlement Date is three Business Days after the final 
Scheduled Trading Day of the relevant Valuation Period 
[(ii) 
In relation to Physical Delivery Certificates, the 
Final Settlement Date is three Settlement Business Days 
after the Actual Exercise Date] 
 
(f) 
Coupon Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(g) 
Credit Event Amount: 
[●] 
GENERAL 
45. Form of the Warrants: 
[Registered/Bearer] Form: [Regulation S Global Registered 
WEC Security] [Regulation S Global Bearer WEC Security] 
[Rule 144A Global Registered WEC Security] [Combined 
Global Registered WEC Security] 
 
 
(N.B. Index Linked Warrants, Bespoke Index Linked 
Warrants, Commodity Linked Warrants, Currency Linked 
Warrants, Commodity Linked Warrants and Credit Linked 
Warrants may only be issued in Regulation S Global 
Security form by CGMFL) 
46. Calculation Agent: 
The Calculation Agent is [Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited]/[Citibank N.A., London Branch]/[Citibank N.A., 
New York Branch]/[specify other] [at [●]] [(acting through 
its 
[●] 
department/group 
(or 
any 
successor 
department/group))] 
 
 
[insert address] 
47. Determinations 
[Sole 
and 
Absolute 
Determination][Commercial 
Determination] 
[reasonable discretion (§§ 315, 317 BGB)](N.B. Include for 
German Law Warrants) 
48. Special conditions or other final terms: 
[●] 
49. Additional Requirements (General 
Condition 14 (Substitution of the 
Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor)): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(Delete this paragraph for German Law Warrants) 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
…………………………………….

--- Page 2046 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2020 
 
 
Duly Authorised]10  
The Warrants will not become valid or obligatory for any purpose until this Pricing Supplement is 
attached to the applicable Global Securit[y/ies]. 
 
 
 
10 
Above signature block to be deleted and this document should not be signed unless there is a specific requirement to do so for the 
particular trade.

--- Page 2047 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2021 
 
Part B – Other Information 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for [Tranche [●] of] the Warrants to be 
[admitted to trading on [specify relevant non-EEA regulated 
market (for example, the Global Exchange Market of 
Euronext Dublin or the Euro MTF market or the Vienna 
MTF market) and, if relevant, listing on an official list (for 
example, the official list of Euronext Dublin or of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange)]][listed on the Open Market 
(regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)][admitted to trading 
on the International Securities Market (the "ISM") of the 
London Stock Exchange plc] with effect from on or around 
[●]] [●] 
 
 
[Tranche [●] of the Warrants has been [admitted to trading 
on [specify relevant non-EEA regulated market (for 
example, the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin 
or the Euro MTF market or the Vienna MTF market) and, if 
relevant, listing on an official list (for example, the official 
list of Euronext Dublin or of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange)] with effect from [●]] (Where documenting a 
fungible issue, need to indicate that original Warrants are 
already admitted to trading)][ listed on the Open Market 
(regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)][ admitted to trading 
on the ISM of the London Stock Exchange plc].] 
 
Estimated 
expenses 
relating 
to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
[INFORMATION ABOUT THE PAST AND FURTHER PERFORMANCE AND 
VOLATILITY OF [THE/EACH] [UNDERLYING/REFERENCE ENTITY] 
 
Information about the past and further performance of [the/each] [Underlying/Reference Entity] is 
available from [the [Bloomberg page/Reuters screen/Exchange] specified for [the/each such] 
Underlying in Part A above] [internationally recognised, published or electronically displayed sources 
[including Bloomberg and the website of the Reference entity at [⚫]] [specify other source].] 
3. 
DISCLAIMERS 
 
 
[Insert any relevant disclaimers] 
 
[Citi Proprietary Index Disclaimer 
 
 
None of the Issuer[, the CGMFL Guarantor], [●●] (the "Index Sponsor" [and the "Index Calculation 
Agent"]) for [the Underlying/[ ⚫]] and any of their respective directors, officers, employees, 
representatives, delegates or agents (each a "Relevant Person") makes any express or implied 
representations or warranties as to (a) the advisability of purchasing the Warrants, (b) the level(s) of 
[the Underlying/[⚫]] at any particular time on any particular date, (c) the results to be obtained by any 
investor in the Warrants or any other person or entity, from the use of [the Underlying/[⚫]] or any 
data included therein for any purpose, (d) the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of 
[the Underlying/[⚫]] or (e) any other matter. Each Relevant Person hereby expressly disclaims, to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all warranties of accuracy, completeness, merchantability

--- Page 2048 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2022 
 
or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to [the Underlying/[⚫]]. No Relevant Person shall have 
any liability (direct or indirect, special, punitive, consequential or otherwise) to any person even if 
notified of the possibility of damages. [The Index Sponsor is not/Neither the Index Sponsor nor the 
Index Calculation Agent is] under any obligation to continue the calculation, publication and 
dissemination of [the Underlying/[⚫]] nor shall they have any liability for any errors, omissions, 
interruptions or delays relating to [the Underlying/[⚫]]. The Index Sponsor [and the Index Calculation 
Agent] shall [each] act as principal and not as agent or fiduciary of any other person. 
 
Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Any numbers or figures presented as past 
performance of [the Underlying/[ ⚫]] prior to its [launch date] (however defined in the Index 
Conditions) may include performances calculated from back-testing simulations. Any back-testing is 
illustrative only and derived from proprietary models based on certain historic data and assumptions 
and estimates. Such back-testing information should not be considered indicative of the actual results 
that might be obtained from an investment or participation in the Warrants. 
 
Any scenario analysis is for illustrative purposes only and does not represent the actual performance 
of [the Underlying/[⚫]] nor does it purport to describe all possible performance outcomes for the 
Underlying. 
 
As at the date hereof, [the Underlying/[⚫]] is described in full in the Index Conditions which are set 
out at [Schedule [●] attached hereto][specify]. Any decision to invest in the Warrants should be based 
upon the information contained in the Base Listing Particulars and this Pricing Supplement [and such 
Index Conditions] only. 
 
[The Underlying/[⚫]] is proprietary and confidential to the Index Sponsor. No person may use [the 
Underlying/[⚫]] in any way or reproduce or disseminate the information relating to [the Underlying/[
⚫]] without the prior written consent of the Index Sponsor (save in respect of the distribution of the 
terms of the Warrants using customary clearing and settlement procedures). [The Underlying/[⚫]] is 
not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by the issuer or sponsor, as applicable, of any of its 
constituents.] 
 
[Bloomberg® 
 
Certain information contained in this Pricing Supplement consists of extracts from or summaries of 
information that is publicly-available from Bloomberg L.P. ("Bloomberg®"). The Issuer [and the 
CGMFL Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for accurately reproducing such extracts or summaries 
and, as far as the Issuer [and the CGMFL Guarantor] [is/are] aware and [is/are] able to ascertain from 
such publicly-available information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. Bloomberg® makes no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the reproduction of such information, and 
accepts no responsibility for the reproduction of such information or for the merits of an investment 
in the Warrants. Bloomberg® does not arrange, sponsor, endorse, sell or promote the issue of the 
Warrants.] 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[●]11 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[●]12 
 
(c) 
[SEDOL: 
[●]] 
 
(d) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]13, as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
 
11  
These codes must be marked as "restricted" for Securities Act purposes in the case Physical Delivery Share Warrants represented by a 
Global Security. 
12  
These codes must be marked as "restricted" for Securities Act purposes in the case of Combined Global Securities or Physical Delivery 
Share Securities represented by a Regulation S Global Security. 
13  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable it is correct.

--- Page 2049 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2023 
 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(e) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code ]13, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(f) 
WKN: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Valoren: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
[Any 
Additional 
or 
Alternative 
Clearing 
System(s) 
other 
than 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear and the relevant 
identification number(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(i) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Warrant Agent(s) 
(if any):  
[●] 
 
(j) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions and 
required certifications: 
[●] 
[The definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the 
certification in any relevant Exercise Notice shall be deemed 
to be as set out in Part C below.] (N.B. Only applicable in 
relation to Security Index Linked Warrants, Commodity 
Index Linked Warrants, FX Rate Linked Warrants or 
Commodity Linked Warrants) 
 
Issuer meets the qualifications listed in 
Article 7(4)(5-2) of the Enforcement 
Decree of the Financial Investment 
Services and Capital Markets Act of 
Korea: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
 
Registered Broker/Dealer: 
[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Inc./[specify 
other]/[Not 
Applicable]]. (N.B. Only applicable for Warrants eligible 
for sale in the United States) 
 
Syndication: 
The Warrants will be distributed on a [non-]syndicated 
basis. 
 
If non-syndicated, name and address 
of relevant Dealer: 
[●] 
 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Dealers: 
[●] 
 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the

--- Page 2050 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2024 
 
Warrants may constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" 
should be specified) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Warrants may constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" 
should be specified) 
 
Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients 
in Switzerland: 
[Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of the 
Warrants during [the period[s] [ ⚫] to [ ⚫] (repeat as 
necessary)]] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
ADDITIONAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES 
 
[For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the [Warrants/Certificates] as 
[prepaid forward contracts or options]/[prepaid forward contracts or options with associated 
payments]/[Access [Warrants/Certificates]/[a put and a deposit] for which purposes, the Issuer will 
treat [ ]% of each periodic payment made with respect to a [Warrant/Certificate] as interest on the 
deposit and [ ]% as put premium]].] 
 
[The Warrants are Non-U.S. Issuer Warrants.]/[ The Warrants are U.S. Issuer Warrants.] 
 
[The Issuer has determined that the [Warrants/Certificates] are Specified ELIs based on either the 
"delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table 
below for additional information with respect to Section 871(m) of the Code, including information 
necessary to calculate the amounts of dividend equivalents for the [Warrants/Certificates].]/[The 
Issuer has determined that the [Warrants/Certificates] are Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date 
for the [Warrants/Certificates] is prior to 2027 and (ii) the [Warrants/Certificates] are "delta-one" 
within the meaning of Section 871(m) of the Code.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) 
consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that 
the [Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the 
[Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the 
[Warrants/Certificates] is prior to 2027 and (ii) the [Warrants/Certificates] are not "delta-one" within 
the meaning of Section 871(m) of the Code.]/[The Issuer has determined that the 
[Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the Code.]/[The 
Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) for the [Warrants/Certificates] consist solely of one or 
more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities and, therefore, that the [Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has 
determined that the Underlying(s) for the [Warrants/Certificates] consist solely of (i) one or more 
Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and/or (ii) Underlying(s) that are neither U.S. 
equities nor indices that include U.S. equities and, therefore, that the [Warrants/Certificates] are not 
Specified ELIs.] [Additional Section 871(m) Information: [     ]] 
 
[The Warrants/Certificates are [Specified Current Payment Warrants]/[Specified Net Total Return 
Warrants].] 
 
[Include below table if (i) the [Warrants/Certificates] are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the 
[Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial 
equivalence" test. 
 
 
Underlyi
ng(s) 
Underlyi
ng 
Securitie
s (Y/N) 
Qualifie
d 
Index/Q
ualified 
Index 
Security 
(Y/N) 
Simple 
Contract 
(Y/N) 
Delta (if 
Simple 
Contract
) 
Substant
ial 
Equivale
nce Test 
(if not a 
Simple 
Contract
) 
Number 
of 
Shares 
Multi-
plied by 
Delta (if 
Simple 
Contract
) 
Initial 
Hedge 
(if 
applicab
le) 
Addition
al 
Section 
871(m) 
Informat
ion

--- Page 2051 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
8. 
[SECONDARY TRADING 
 
[Insert name and address of entities having a firm commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and a description of the main terms of their 
commitment]] 
9. 
[EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS AFFECTED BY 
THE VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S) 
 
[Include examples (if appropriate) to provide a clear and comprehensive explanation to help investors 
understand how the value of their investment is affected by the value of the Underlying(s)]] 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable)

--- Page 2052 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2026 
 
[Schedule 
Long/Short Warrants 
Long Underlyings (Specify for each Long Underlying) 
 
(i) 
[Reuters / 
Bloomberg] Code 
ISIN 
Type of Underlying 
Share Company / Relevant 
Fund / Underlying Share 
Company and web-site (if 
any) 
Underlying 
Currency 
Relevant 
Percentage (%) 
Exchange 
N(i) 
Weighting 
1 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[common stock/[⚫]] 
[Depositary Receipt] 
[ETF Share] 
[⚫] [(www. [⚫].[⚫])] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
2 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[common stock/[⚫]] 
[Depositary Receipt] 
[ETF Share] 
[⚫] [(www. [⚫].[⚫])] 
 
 
 
 
 
Short Underlyings (Specify for each Short Underlying) 
 
(i) 
[Reuters / 
Bloomberg] Code 
ISIN 
Type of Underlying 
Share Company / Relevant Fund / 
Underlying Share Company and web-
site (if any) 
Underlying Currency 
Exchange 
N(i) 
Weighting 
1 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[common stock/[⚫]] 
[Depositary Receipt] 
[ETF Share] 
[⚫] [(www.[ ⚫].[⚫])] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
2 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[common stock/[●]] 
[Depositary Receipt] 
[ETF Share] 
[⚫] [(www. [⚫].[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫]] 
(Insert for Long/Short Certificates)

--- Page 2053 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2027 
 
[Include, if the Warrants are specified to be Physical Delivery Warrants and Share Warrants relating to 
unlisted shares, to comply with the requirements of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
Annex to the Pricing Supplement 
 
1. 
Name of the Share Company: 
[●] 
2. 
LEI: 
[●] 
3. 
Date of incorporation, length of 
life (except where indefinite): 
[●] 
4. 
Domicile: 
[●] 
5. 
Legal form and legislation: 
[●] 
6. 
Country of incorporation and 
address of registered office 
and/or 
principal 
place 
of 
business: 
[●] 
7. 
Brief 
description 
of 
the 
company's principal activities 
stating the main categories of 
product sold and/or services 
performed: 
[●] 
8. 
[Description 
of 
deposits, 
estimate 
or 
economically 
exploitable 
reserves 
and 
expected period of working, 
period and main terms of 
concessions, 
economic 
conditions, progress of actual 
working:] 
[Insert for specialist companies, mining, extraction of 
hydrocarbons, quarrying and similar activities insofar as 
significant.] 
[●] 
9. 
Organizational 
structure, 
description 
of 
the 
group, 
company's position:  
[●] 
10. 
No material change statement 
in the prospects and financial 
position of the Share Company 
since 
the 
last 
financial 
statements of the underlying 
company: 
[●] 
11. 
Names, business addresses, 
functions 
and 
principal 
[●]

--- Page 2054 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2028 
 
activities performed by the 
directors outside the company: 
12. 
Audited annual consolidated 
financial statements of the 
company (or unconsolidated, if 
no 
consolidated 
financial 
statements exist): 
[●] 
13. 
Year(s) covered: 
[●] 
[Attached / Incorporated by reference] 
[Cross-reference list] 
14. 
Unaudited interim consolidated 
(or 
unconsolidated, 
if 
no 
consolidated interim financial 
statements exist): 
[●] 
15. 
Period(s) covered: 
[●] 
[Attached / Incorporated by reference] 
[Cross-reference list] 
16. 
Name of the auditors 
[●] 
17. 
Place where the by-laws of the 
underlying unlisted company 
and the last financial statements 
will be available free of charge: 
[●] 
18. 
Share rights and conversion 
procedures: 
[●] 
19. 
ISIN or other such security 
identification code: 
[●] 
 
Method and frequency of 
establishment of independent 
valuation reports estimating the 
value of the shares 
[●]

--- Page 2055 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2029 
 
[The following applies if the Pricing Supplement relates to an issue of Credit Warrants] 
PART C - FORM OF NOTIONAL TRANSACTION WHICH IS A [SINGLE NAME 
CDS/INDEX CDS/INDEX SWAPTION] 
[(i) if the Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single Name CDS in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, include the swap confirmation substantially in the form set out in Annex I below, (ii) if the 
Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement and the Index 
is an iTraxx index, include the swap confirmation substantially in the form set out in Annex II below, (iii) 
if the Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
and the Index is an iTraxx index, include the swap confirmation substantially in the form set out in Annex 
III below or (iv) if none of the above are so specified, include such other form(s) as required] 
[Annex I] 
[Form of Notional Single Name CDs Transaction Confirmation 
Date: 
 
To: 
[Swap Counterparty] 
From:  
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
Re: 
Credit Derivative Transaction: 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
The purpose of this letter (this "Confirmation") is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Credit 
Derivative Transaction entered into between Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
("Party A") and [Swap Counterparty] ("Party B") on the Trade Date specified below 
(the "Transaction"). This Confirmation constitutes a "Confirmation" as referred to in the ISDA Master 
Agreement specified below. 
The definitions and provisions contained in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (the "2014 
Definitions"), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA®"), are 
incorporated into this Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the 2014 Definitions and 
this Confirmation, this Confirmation will govern. 
This Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between you and us as to the terms of 
the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates. In addition, you and we agree to use all reasonable 
efforts promptly to negotiate, execute and deliver an agreement in the form of an ISDA Master 
Agreement, with such modifications as you and we will in good faith agree. Upon the execution by you 
and us of such an agreement, this Confirmation will supplement, form part of, and be subject to that 
agreement. All provisions contained in or incorporated by reference in that agreement upon its execution 
will govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified below. Until we execute and deliver that 
agreement, this Confirmation, together with all other documents referring to an ISDA Master Agreement 
(each a "Confirmation") confirming transactions (each a "Transaction") entered into between us 
(notwithstanding anything to the contrary in a Confirmation), shall supplement, form a part of, and be 
subject to, an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as if we had executed an 
agreement in such form (but without any Schedule except for the election of English Law as the 
governing law and [specify currency] as the Termination Currency) on the Trade Date of the first such 
Transaction between us. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of that agreement and 
this Confirmation, this Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of this Transaction.

--- Page 2056 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2030 
 
The terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 
 
1. 
General Terms 
 
 
Transaction Type: 
[●] 
 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
[Matrix Publication Date: 
[●] 
 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[●] 
 
Floating Rate Payer: 
Party A ("Seller") 
 
Fixed Rate Payer: 
Party B ("Buyer") 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited]/[Citibank N.A., 
London Branch]/[Citibank N.A., New York Branch] 
 
Reference Entity: 
[●] 
 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level][Subordinated Level] 
 
[Reference Obligation: 
The obligation identified as follows: 
 
 
Primary Obligor: 
 
 
[Guarantor: 
[●]] 
 
 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[●] 
2. 
Fixed Payments 
 
 
Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Fixed Rate: 
[●] 
 
[Initial Payment Payer: 
Party B 
 
Initial Payment Amount: 
[●] 
 
[Initial Fixed Rate Payer Calculation 
Period: 
Notwithstanding 
Section 
12.9 
of 
the 
2014 
Definitions, the initial Fixed Rate Payer Calculation 
Period shall commence on, and include, the Fixed

--- Page 2057 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2031 
 
Rate Payer Payment Date falling on or immediately 
prior to the calendar day immediately following the 
Trade Date.] 
3. 
Floating Payment 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Payer 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[●] 
4. 
Credit Events 
 
 
[Restructuring: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
5. 
Settlement Terms 
 
 
Settlement Method: 
Auction Settlement 
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2014 
Definitions, if a credit derivatives transaction 
referencing the Reference Entity on terms applicable 
to the Transaction Type is capable of being an 
Auction Covered Transaction, the Final Price shall be 
deemed to be the Final Price determined by the 
Auction applicable to such a credit derivatives 
transaction [insert if Restructuring is a Credit Event 
and either Mod R or Mod Mod R is specified as 
applicable: with a "Scheduled Termination Date" of 
the Scheduled Termination Date of this Transaction] 
(notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the terms 
of this Transaction) 
 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit 
Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix, Cash 
Settlement 
6. 
Notice and Account Details: 
 
 
Notice and Account Details for 
Party A: 
[●] 
[Standard Settlement Instructions] 
 
Notice and Account Details for 
Party B: 
[Standard Settlement Instructions] 
7. 
[Offices: 
 
 
[Seller: 
[●]] 
 
[Buyer:] 
[●]] 
8. 
[Additional Terms: 
[●]]

--- Page 2058 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2032 
 
 
Please confirm your agreement to be bound by the terms of the foregoing by executing a copy 
of this Confirmation and returning it to us [by facsimile]. 
 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
Confirmed as of the date first above written: 
 
 
 
[SWAP COUNTERPARTY] 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
 
 
 
Title:

--- Page 2059 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2033 
 
[Annex II] 
[Form of Notional Index CDs Transaction 
Confirmation 
Date: 
[⚫] 
To: 
[Swap Counterparty]  
Telephone number: 
[⚫] 
Facsimile number: 
[⚫] 
Attention: 
[⚫] 
From: 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
Subject: 
iTraxx® Europe [index name] Series [⚫] Version [⚫] Master Transaction 
Ref No.: 
[⚫] 
The purpose of this communication (this "Confirmation") is to set forth the terms and conditions of the 
Credit Derivative Transaction entered into on the Trade Date specified below (the "iTraxx® Master 
Transaction") between Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. ("Party A") and [Swap 
Counterparty] ("Party B"). This Confirmation constitutes a "Confirmation" as referred to in the ISDA 
Master Agreement specified below. 
The definitions and provisions contained in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") (the "2014 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions") and the iTraxx® Europe Untranched Standard Terms Supplement, as published by Markit 
Group Limited on 20 September 2014 (the "Standard Terms Supplement"), are incorporated into this 
Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the 2014 Credit Derivatives Definitions or the 
Standard Terms Supplement and this Confirmation, this Confirmation will govern. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Standard Terms Supplement and the 2014 Credit Derivatives Definitions, the 
Standard Terms Supplement will govern. 
Party A and Party B agree that each time they enter into an iTraxx® Master Transaction they enter into 
a separate and independent Credit Derivative Transaction in respect of each Reference Entity (each, a 
"Component Transaction"). Each Component Transaction will have the terms specified in the Standard 
Terms Supplement, as modified hereby, and, subject to Paragraph 5.2 of the Standard Terms Supplement, 
will not be affected by any other Credit Derivative Transaction between Party A and Party B and will 
operate independently of each other Component Transaction in all respects. 
This Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between you and us as to the terms of 
the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates. In addition, you and we agree to use all reasonable 
efforts promptly to negotiate, execute and deliver an agreement in the form of an ISDA Master 
Agreement, with such modifications as you and we will in good faith agree. Upon the execution by you 
and us of such an agreement, this Confirmation will supplement, form part of, and be subject to that 
agreement. All provisions contained in or incorporated by reference in that agreement upon its execution 
will govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified below. Until we execute and deliver that 
agreement, this Confirmation, together with all other documents referring to an ISDA Master Agreement 
(each a Confirmation) confirming transactions (each a "Transaction") entered into between us 
(notwithstanding anything to the contrary in a "Confirmation"), shall supplement, form a part of, and

--- Page 2060 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2034 
 
be subject to, an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as if we had executed an 
agreement in such form (but without any Schedule except for the election of English Law as the 
governing law and [specify currency] as the Termination Currency) on the Trade Date of the first such 
Transaction between us. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of that agreement and 
this Confirmation, this Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of this Transaction. 
The terms of the iTraxx® Master Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 
 
Index: 
iTraxx® Europe [index name] Series [●] Version 
[●] 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[●] 
Calculation Agent: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited][Citibank N.A., 
London Branch][Citibank N.A., New York Branch] 
Original Notional Amount: 
[USD] [EUR] 
Floating Rate Payer: 
Party A 
Fixed Rate Payer: 
Party B 
Annex Date: 
[●] 
Initial Payment Payer: 
[Buyer]/[Not applicable] 
Initial Payment Amount: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
Settlement Terms: 
 
Settlement Method: 
Auction Settlement 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2014 
Credit Derivatives Definitions, if a credit derivatives 
transaction referencing the Reference Entity on terms 
applicable to the Transaction Type is capable of being an 
Auction Covered Transaction, the Final Price shall be 
deemed to be the Final Price determined by the Auction 
applicable to such a credit derivatives transaction [insert 
if Restructuring is a Credit Event and either Mod R or 
Mod Mod R is specified as applicable: with a "Scheduled 
Termination Date" of the Scheduled Termination Date of 
this Transaction] (notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the terms of this Transaction) 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Standard 
Terms Supplement and the Credit Derivatives Physical 
Settlement Matrix, Cash Settlement [and the provisions of 
Paragraph 5.5 of the Standard Terms Supplement will 
apply notwithstanding that the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount as at the Event Determination Date 
may not be less than USD50,000 or EUR50,000] [specify 
alternative cash settlement provisions]

--- Page 2061 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2035 
 
The provisions of Paragraph 5.6 of the Standard Terms 
Supplement shall not apply to this Transaction 
[Additional terms, if any, (including 
any specific provisions relating to 
collateral): 
[●]] 
Telephone, telex and/or facsimile 
number and contact details for 
notices: 
[●]] 
 
Party A: 
 
 
Telephone number: 
[●] 
 
Facsimile number: 
[●] 
 
Telex number: 
[●] 
 
Party B: 
 
 
Telephone number: 
[●] 
 
Facsimile number: 
[●] 
 
Telex number: 
[●] 
Account details: 
Party A: 
[Standard Settlement Instructions] 
 
Party B: 
[Standard Settlement Instructions] 
 
CITIGROUP 
GLOBAL 
MARKETS 
FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
 
[SWAP COUNTERPARTY] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
 
 
Name: 
 
Title: 
 
 
Title: 
 
Please confirm your agreement to be bound by the terms of the foregoing by executing a copy of this 
Confirmation and returning it to us at the contact information listed above. 
iTraxx® is a registered trade mark of Markit Indices Limited.

--- Page 2062 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2036 
 
iTraxx® is a trade mark of Markit Indices Limited and has been licensed for the use by Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. Markit Indices Limited does not approve, endorse or recommend 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. or iTraxx® derivatives products. 
iTraxx® derivatives products are derived from a source considered reliable, but neither Markit Indices 
Limited nor any of its employees, suppliers, subcontractors and agents (together "iTraxx Associates") 
guarantees the veracity, completeness or accuracy of iTraxx® derivatives products or other information 
furnished in connection with iTraxx® derivatives products. No representation, warranty or condition, 
express or implied, statutory or otherwise, as to condition, satisfactory quality, performance, or fitness 
for purpose are given or assumed by Markit Indices Limited or any of the iTraxx Associates in respect 
of iTraxx® derivatives products or any data included in such iTraxx® derivatives products or the use by 
any person or entity of iTraxx® derivatives products or that data and all those representations, warranties 
and conditions are excluded save to the extent that such exclusion is prohibited by law. 
None of Markit Indices Limited nor any of the iTraxx Associates shall have any liability or responsibility 
to any person or entity for any loss, damages, costs, charges, expenses or other liabilities whether caused 
by the negligence of Markit Indices Limited or any of the iTraxx Associates or otherwise, arising in 
connection with the use of iTraxx® derivatives products or the iTraxx® indices.]

--- Page 2063 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2037 
 
[Annex III] 
[Form of Notional Index Swaption Transaction 
Confirmation 
Date: 
[⚫] 
To: 
[Swap Counterparty] 
Telephone number: 
[⚫] 
Facsimile number:  
[⚫] 
Attention: 
[⚫] 
From: 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
Subject: 
iTraxx® Europe [index name] Series [⚫] Version [⚫] Swaption Transaction 
Ref NO.: 
[⚫] 
The purpose of this communication (this "Confirmation") is to set forth the terms and conditions of the 
Swaption Transaction entered into on the Swaption Trade Date specified below between Citigroup 
Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. ("Party A") and [Swap Counterparty] ("Party B"). This 
Confirmation constitutes a "Confirmation" as referred to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified 
below. 
The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "2006 Definitions") and the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (the "Credit Derivatives Definitions"), each as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and the iTraxx® Europe Untranched 
Transactions Swaption Standard Terms Supplement, as published by Markit Group Limited on 20 
September 2014 (the "iTraxx® Swaption Standard Terms Supplement"), are incorporated into this 
Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the 2006 Definitions, the Credit Derivatives 
Definitions or the iTraxx® Swaption Standard Terms Supplement and this Confirmation, this 
Confirmation will govern. In the event of any inconsistency between the 2006 Definitions or the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions and the iTraxx® Swaption Standard Terms Supplement, the iTraxx® Swaption 
Standard Terms Supplement will govern. In the event of any inconsistency between the 2006 Definitions 
and the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the Credit Derivatives Definitions will govern in cases relating 
to the terms of the Underlying Swap Transaction, and the 2006 Definitions will govern in other cases. 
This Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between you and us as to the terms of 
the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates. In addition, you and we agree to use all reasonable 
efforts promptly to negotiate, execute and deliver an agreement in the form of an ISDA Master 
Agreement, with such modifications as you and we will in good faith agree. Upon the execution by you 
and us of such an agreement, this Confirmation will supplement, form part of, and be subject to that 
agreement. All provisions contained in or incorporated by reference in that agreement upon its execution 
will govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified below. Until we execute and deliver that 
agreement, this Confirmation, together with all other documents referring to an ISDA Master Agreement 
(each a "Confirmation") confirming transactions (each a "Transaction") entered into between us 
(notwithstanding anything to the contrary in a Confirmation), shall supplement, form a part of, and be 
subject to, an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as if we had executed an 
agreement in such form (but without any Schedule except for the election of English Law as the 
governing law and [specify currency] as the Termination Currency) on the Trade Date of the first such

--- Page 2064 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2038 
 
Transaction between us. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of that agreement and 
this Confirmation, this Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of this Transaction. 
The terms of the Swaption Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 
SWAPTION TERMS: 
 
Swaption Trade Date: 
[●] 
Swaption Seller: 
Party A 
Swaption Buyer: 
Party B 
Premium: 
[USD] [EUR] [●] 
Strike Price: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
PROCEDURE FOR EXERCISE: 
 
Expiration Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Expiration Date: [⚫] 
UNDERLYING SWAP TRANSACTION TERMS: 
 
Standard Terms Date: 
[●] 
Index: 
iTraxx® Europe [index name] Series [●] Version [●] 
Annex Date: 
[●] 
Trade Date: 
[The Exercise Date] 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[The fifth anniversary of the Effective Date]/[The tenth 
anniversary of the Effective Date]/[●] 
Original Notional Amount: 
[USD] [EUR] [ 
Floating Rate Payer: 
Party A 
Fixed Rate Payer: 
Party B 
Calculation Agent: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited][Citibank N.A., 
London Branch][Citibank N.A., New York Branch] 
Additional Terms (including any 
specific 
provisions 
relating 
to 
collateral): 
[●]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 2065 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2039 
 
Telephone, telex and/or facsimile 
number and contact details for 
notices: 
Party A: 
Telephone number: 
[●] 
Facsimile number: 
[●] 
Telex number: 
[●] 
Party B: 
Telephone number: 
[●] 
Facsimile number: 
[●] 
Telex number: 
[●] 
Account details: 
Party A: 
[Standard Settlement Instructions] 
Party B: 
[Standard Settlement Instructions] 
SETTLEMENT TERMS: 
 
Specified 
Derivatives 
Clearing 
Organization: 
[●]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 2066 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2040 
 
Please confirm your agreement to be bound by the terms of the foregoing by executing a copy of this 
Confirmation and returning it to us at the contact information listed above. 
 
CITIGROUP 
GLOBAL 
MARKETS 
FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
 
[SWAP COUNTERPARTY] 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
 
 
Name: 
 
Title: 
 
 
Title: 
 
iTraxx® is a registered trade mark of Markit Indices Limited. 
iTraxx® is a trade mark of Markit Indices Limited and has been licensed for the use by Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. Markit Indices Limited does not approve, endorse or recommend 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. or iTraxx® derivatives products. 
iTraxx® derivatives products are derived from a source considered reliable, but neither Markit Indices 
Limited nor any of its employees, suppliers, subcontractors and agents (together "iTraxx Associates") 
guarantees the veracity, completeness or accuracy of iTraxx® derivatives products or other information 
furnished in connection with iTraxx® derivatives products. No representation, warranty or condition, 
express or implied, statutory or otherwise, as to condition, satisfactory quality, performance, or fitness 
for purpose are given or assumed by Markit Indices Limited or any of the iTraxx Associates in respect 
of iTraxx® derivatives products or any data included in such iTraxx® derivatives products or the use by 
any person or entity of iTraxx® derivatives products or that data and all those representations, warranties 
and conditions are excluded save to the extent that such exclusion is prohibited by law. 
None of Markit Indices Limited nor any of the iTraxx Associates shall have any liability or responsibility 
to any person or entity for any loss, damages, costs, charges, expenses or other liabilities whether caused 
by the negligence of Markit Indices Limited or any of the iTraxx Associates or otherwise, arising in 
connection with the use of iTraxx® derivatives products or the iTraxx® indices.]

--- Page 2067 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2041 
 
[Insert for Credit Warrants and amend as appropriate to reflect relevant Credit Events] 
Annex [IV] 
[Form of Trigger Notice in respect of 
a [Credit Event/Potential Repudiation/Moratorium/Movement Option] 
[Date] 
To: 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
[address] 
Attention: 
[●] 
cc: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Attention: 
[●] 
Warrant issue Details: Issue of [aggregate number of Warrants] [Title of Warrants] 
ISIN Number: [⚫] 
Reference is made to the Warrants described above (the "Warrants") referencing the Notional 
Transaction as described in the Notional Transaction Terms between [Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.], as Seller, and Swap 
Counterparty, as Buyer. 
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this letter shall have the meanings given them in the 
Conditions of the Warrants (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Notional Transaction Terms) or, 
if no meaning is specified therein, in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
[This letter is our Trigger Notice to you that a [insert type] Credit Event occurred with respect to [insert 
name] on or about [insert date], when [describe Credit Event]. We hereby instruct you to deliver a Credit 
Event Notice under the Notional Transaction in respect of such Credit Event. 
[This Trigger Notice applies to the following Exercise Amount: [insert Exercise Amount].]1]2 
[This letter is our Trigger Notice to you that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurred with respect 
to [insert name] on [insert date], when [describe Potential Repudiation/Moratorium]. We hereby instruct 
you to deliver a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice under the Notional Transaction in 
respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium.]3 
[We provide the Publicly Available Information attached hereto (for which purposes references in the 
definition of Publicly Available Information to "[Credit Event/Repudiation/Moratorium Extension]4 
 
1  
Only to be included where the applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and the Warrantholder intends to specify an Exercise 
Amount less than the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount under Notional Transaction 
2  
Include if the Trigger Notice relates to the occurrence of a Credit Event 
3  
Include if the Trigger Notice relates to the occurrence of a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event 
4  
Delete as applicable

--- Page 2068 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
2042 
 
"Notice"" will be deemed to be to "Trigger Notice" and references to "Notifying Party" will be deemed 
to be to us as Warrantholder) in relation to the [Credit Event/Potential Repudiation/Moratorium].]5 
Sincerely, 
[insert name] 
________________________ 
Name: 
Title: 
 
 
 
5  
Include if the Trigger Notice relates to the occurrence of a Credit Event/Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event

--- Page 2069 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2043 
 
SECTION I – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
$................................................................ xiv 
[⚫] Authorised Offeror(s) ........................ 1569 
[⚫] Initial Authorised Offeror(s) .............. 1569 
[⚫] Offer ................................................. 1569 
[⚫] Offer Period ...................................... 1570 
[Credit 
Event/Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension] Notice] ................................... 2042 
€................................................................ xiv 
€STR ....................................................... 1165 
€STR Fallback Provisions ........................ 1166 
€STR Floating Rate ................................. 1165 
€STR Observation Period ........................ 1165 
€STR Reference Rate Cut-off Date .......... 1166 
10-year Limitation Date ............................. 822 
2.5-year Limitation Date .................... 822, 928 
2005 Matrix Supplement............................ 908 
2006 Definitions ............. 119, 518, 1157, 2037 
2014 Credit Derivatives Definitions ......... 2033 
2014 Definitions ...................................... 2029 
2014 ISDA Definitions .............................. 962 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019
 ................................................................. 838 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)
 ................................................................. 790 
2021 Definitions .......................119, 518, 1157 
2023 CGMFL ULN BP Supplement No.1 .. 174 
2023 CGMFL ULN BP Supplement No.2 .. 174 
2023 CGMFL ULN BP Supplement No.3 .. 174 
2023 CGMFL ULN BP Supplement No.5 .. 174 
2023 CGMFL ULN BP Supplement No.6 .. 174 
2023 CGMHI ULN Base Prospectus .......... 162 
2023 CGMHI ULN BP Supplement No.1... 162 
2023 CGMHI ULN BP Supplement No.2... 162 
2023 CGMHI ULN BP Supplement No.3... 162 
2023 CGMHI ULN BP Supplement No.5... 162 
2023 CGMHI ULN BP Supplement No.6... 162 
2023 CGMHI Warrant Base Prospectus ..... 162 
2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN Base Prospectus . 152 
2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN BP Supplement No.1
 ................................................................. 152 
2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN BP Supplement No.2
 ................................................................. 152 
2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN BP Supplement No.3
 ................................................................. 153 
2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN BP Supplement No.5
 ................................................................. 153 
2023 Citigroup Inc. ULN BP Supplement No.6
 ................................................................. 153 
2024 CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus ......... 174 
2024 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2 . 174 
2024 CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus ......... 162 
2024 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1 .. 162 
2024 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2 .. 162 
2024 Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus . 153 
2024 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1
 ................................................................. 153 
2024 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2
 ................................................................. 153 
20-year Limitation Date ............................ 928 
30/360 ............ 843, 844, 874, 875, 1227, 1283 
30E/360 .................................................. 1228 
30E/360 (ISDA) ...................................... 1228 
360/360................................................... 1227 
5-year Limitation Date .............................. 928 
871(m) Withholding .................................. 532 
A .............................................................. 994 
abandonment of scheme .............................. 38 
Abandonment of Scheme........................... 590 
Abs ............................... 994, 1076, 1127, 1203 
absolute value ........................................... 242 
Absolute Value ...................... 994, 1076, 1127 
ACAn ............................................. 1215, 1217 
Accelerated or Matured .............. 805, 847, 918 
Access Warrant ......................................... 336 
Accreted Amount ...................................... 908 
Accreting Obligation ................................. 908 
Accrual Business Day ............................. 1185 
Accrual Condition .......................... 1181, 1185 
Accrual Condition 1 ................................ 1185 
Accrual Condition 2 ................................ 1186 
Accrual Condition 3 ................................ 1186 
Accrual Cut-Off Date .......................993, 1186 
Accrual Days .......................................... 1186 
Accrual Factor ........................................ 1181 
Accrual Interest Rate ............................... 1181 
Accrual Period ........................................ 1282 
accrual-method holder ............................... 327 
Accrued Interest ........................................ 375 
acquisition premium .................................. 330 
ACR ....................................................... 1209 
ACR Valuation and Settlement Conditions
 ...................................................... 1209, 1212 
ACRn ...................................................... 1213 
Act............................................................ 564 
act(t-1,t) .................................................... 599 
Actual Coupon Amount .................. 1215, 1217 
Actual Coupon Rate ....................... 1209, 1213 
Actual Ex-Dividend Date .......................... 599 
Actual Exercise Date . 464, 518, 528, 529, 1302 
Actual Interest Amount ........ 1214, 1216, 1241 
Actual Interim Valuation Date ................... 624 
Actual Redemption Valuation Date ........... 624 
Actual/360 ...... 843, 844, 874, 875, 1227, 1284 
Actual/365 ......................... 843, 844, 874, 875 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ......................... 1227, 1284 
Actual/365 (Sterling) ...................... 1227, 1284 
Actual/Actual .......................................... 1227 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)843, 844, 874, 875, 1227 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ............................. 1227 
Additional Adjustment Event ......... 1142, 1266

--- Page 2070 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2044 
 
Additional Costs ...................................... 1285 
Additional Disruption Event566, 583, 596, 607, 
617, 624 
Additional Early Termination Event1142, 1266 
Additional Exercise Date ......................... 1290 
Additional Exercise Period ...................... 1285 
Additional 
French 
Law 
Securities 
Requirements ............................................ 500 
Additional LPN ......................................... 790 
Additional Obligation ................................ 791 
Additional Requirements ................... 499, 551 
Additional Risk Event................................ 791 
Additional Risk Event Start Date ............... 791 
Adj .......................................................... 1186 
Adjusted Interest Amount .............. 1214, 1216 
Adjusted Interest Rate.............................. 1211 
Adjustment Event .......................... 1142, 1266 
Adjustment Factor ..................................... 599 
Adjustment Spread .................... 59, 560, 1254 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ...... 558, 1148 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions
 ................................................................. 118 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions
 ................................................................. 557 
Advisor Resignation Event ........................ 629 
AEOI ........................................................ 428 
AEOI Act .................................................. 428 
AF ........................................................... 1127 
Affected Component.................................. 645 
Affected Depositary Receipt ...................... 615 
Affected Mutual Fund................................ 630 
Affected Mutual Fund Interests .................. 631 
Affected Mutual Fund Valuation Date ........ 631 
Affected Mutual Fund Value ...................... 631 
Affected Nominal Amount ......................... 825 
Affected Portion ............................ 1307, 1308 
Affected Reference Entity .......................... 791 
Affected Relevant Assets ................. 537, 1250 
Affected Valuation Date ............................ 645 
Affiliate ............................................. 506, 518 
Affiliated Entities ...................................... 393 
Affiliation ................................................. 393 
Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio .. 129 
Affordable Housing Exclusionary Criteria .. 130 
AFt ............................................................ 600 
AFt-1 .......................................................... 600 
Agents ............................................... 438, 518 
Aggregate Default Count ........................... 791 
Aggregate Hedge Position ....................... 1305 
Aggregate Loss Amount ............................ 791 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount ................. 832 
Aggregate Recovery Amount ..................... 792 
Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount....... 792 
Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount
 ................................................................. 792 
AIA ...................................... 1214, 1216, 1241 
AIA Valuation and Settlement Conditions
 .................................. 1214, 1215, 1216, 1217 
AIA Valuation and Settlement Schedule .. 1241 
AIAF Market ............................................... iii 
AIAn .............................................. 1214, 1216 
All Monies Guarantee ............................... 208 
Allowance Directive.................................. 590 
Alternate Cash Amount ............................. 538 
Alternate Cash Redemption Amount........ 1251 
Alternative Currency ............................... 1283 
Alternative Procedure Start Date ....... 894, 908 
Amending Cooperation Directive .............. 378 
American Style Warrants........................... 514 
AMF ................................................. 265, 295 
Amortised Face Amount............................ 454 
Analysis Provider ........................................ 49 
Andorra .................................................... 288 
Andorran Financial Act ............................. 288 
Andorran Financial Securities Act ............. 288 
Annual Tax on Securities Accounts ........... 359 
Annual 
Tax 
on 
Securities 
Accounts 
Representative .......................................... 359 
Annuity................................................... 1127 
Annuity Factor ........................................ 1127 
Annuity Floor ......................................... 1128 
Annuity Rate 1 ........................................ 1205 
Annuity Rate 2 ........................................ 1205 
APMs ................................ 216, 219, 220, 221 
Applicable Auction ........................... 792, 908 
Applicable 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Auction 
Settlement Terms .............................. 792, 909 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement
 ......................................................... 793, 909 
Applicable 
DC 
Credit 
Event 
Meeting 
Announcement .......................................... 793 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question ....... 793 
Applicable 
DC 
Credit 
Event 
Question 
Dismissal .................................................. 793 
Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement
 ......................................................... 793, 909 
applicable Issue Terms .......................... 3, 513 
applicable laws.......................................... 838 
Applicable Percentage ......................599, 1286 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount ..... 794 
Applicable Proportion ....................... 794, 909 
Applicable Resolution ....................... 795, 910 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms ............................................... 795, 910 
appropriate stock exchange.......................... 80 
Appropriately Regulated ................... 304, 984 
Argentine Reference Entity ....................... 795 
arithmetic mean underlying return ............. 241 
ART ......................................................... 380 
Articles ..................................................... 203 
ASIC ........................................................ 288 
Asset......................................................... 795 
Asset Market Value ................................... 795 
Asset Package ................................... 683, 795 
Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount .. 763 
Asset Package Credit Event ....................... 795 
Asset Package Delivery ............................. 247 
Asset Transfer Notice .............................. 1243 
Asset Trigger Event................................... 624 
Assignable Loan ........................ 805, 847, 918

--- Page 2071 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2045 
 
ASX .......................................................... 288 
ATAD ........................................................ 29 
ATAD 2 ..................................................... 29 
Attachment Point ....................................... 796 
Auction .............................. 675, 796, 910, 936 
Auction Cancellation Date ................. 796, 910 
Auction Final Price ............................ 796, 910 
Auction Final Price Determination Date .... 796, 
910 
Auction Redemption690, 691, 692, 693, 694, 
695, 696, 697, 698, 700, 701, 703 
Auction Redemption Amount ............ 796, 910 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice . 796, 911 
Auction Redemption Date .................. 797, 911 
AUD ......................................................... xiv 
Australian Bond Basis ............................. 1229 
Australian dollars ...................................... xiv 
Authentication Agent ................................. 512 
Authorised Offeror .................................... 228 
Authorised Offeror(s) .............................. 1570 
Authorities ................................................. 17 
Authority ........................................... 303, 983 
Auto Floor Securities ..................... 1214, 1216 
Auto Floor Securities Provisions .... 1214, 1216 
Autocall Observation Date ....................... 1136 
Automatic Exercise ........................... 464, 514 
Average Blended Highest .......................... 949 
Average Blended Market ........................... 949 
Average Highest ................................ 872, 949 
Average Market ................................. 872, 949 
Average Settlement Price ............... 1276, 1277 
Average Share Price ................................ 1307 
Averaging Date ............................. 1266, 1282 
Averaging Date ....................................... 1143 
AY ............................. 455, 456, 843, 844, 874 
B ............................................................... 994 
bail-in option .............................................. 17 
Band ....................................................... 1197 
Bangladesh SEC ........................................ 290 
Bank Rate.................................. 56, 120, 1160 
Banking Act ........................................ 17, 307 
Bankruptcy ....................... 661, 797, 911, 1309 
Barrier ..................................................... 1186 
Barrier 1 .................................................. 1186 
Barrier 2 .................................................. 1186 
Barrier 3 .................................................. 1186 
Base Currency ........................................... 632 
Base Index Figure .......................... 1194, 1238 
Base Level................................................. 579 
Base Listing Particulars ............ iv, 1637, 1984 
Base Prospectus .......... 1, 227, 234, 1322, 1947 
basket contract ............................................ 28 
basket option .............................................. 28 
Bearer Securities ....................................... viii 
Belgium .................................................... 355 
Benchmark ...................................... 558, 1148 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event
 ....................................................... 558, 1148 
Benchmarks Regulations ............................ 57 
beneficial owner ......... 299, 301, 400, 979, 981 
Beneficial Owner ...................................... 263 
Beneficiary ............................................... 212 
Bespoke Index .......................................... 642 
Bespoke Index Adjustment Event .............. 644 
Bespoke Index Cancellation ...................... 644 
Bespoke Index Condition .......................... 642 
Bespoke Index Disruption ......................... 644 
Bespoke Index Linked Securities ........... ii, 642 
Bespoke Index Linked Warrants ................ 642 
Bespoke Index Modification ...................... 643 
Bespoke Index Substitution ....................... 644 
Best Available Information........................ 911 
Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Date ........ 1098 
Best Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date .... 1019 
Best Oasis Performer ................................. 994 
Best Oasis Redemption Performer ........... 1079 
Best of Amount ......................................... 457 
best of basket observation.......................... 240 
BGB ......................................................... 518 
Bid Level Screen Page ............................ 1279 
Big Data Analysis ....................................... 49 
Blended Highest ........................................ 950 
Blended Market ........................................ 950 
Bloomberg® ............... 1566, 1880, 1975, 2022 
Board of Managers .................................... 204 
Bond ................................ 833, 847, 932, 1310 
Bond Basis .............................................. 1227 
Bond Index ............................................... 566 
Bond or Loan .................................... 833, 932 
Bonds ............................................... 379, 380 
Borrowed Money ............. 833, 847, 932, 1310 
Borsa Italiana ............................................ 508 
Brazilian real ............................................. xiv 
BRL .......................................................... 638 
Broken Amount ................................ 519, 525 
Brussels Business Day .............................. 519 
Bullion Commodity ................................... 590 
Business Day .................................... 507, 519 
Business Day Convention .................. 470, 519 
Business Investors ..................................... 377 
Buy the Dip Securities ............................. 1188 
Buy the Dip Securities Provisions ............ 1188 
Buyer ...............................................966, 2030 
C ............................................................ 1079 
C(WUMP)O ............................................. 297 
C.F.R. ............................................... 510, 557 
CA.......................................................... 1124 
Calculation Agent ............................. 438, 513 
Calculation Agent Determination............... 636 
Calculation Agent Disruption .................... 590 
Calculation Amount .......................... 507, 519 
Calculation Period ............................519, 1227 
Calculation Period (i) ................. 456, 844, 874 
Calculation Period (t) ................. 456, 844, 874 
Call Cap ......................................... 1076, 1128 
Call Floor....................................... 1076, 1128 
Cancellation .............................................. 590 
Cap ...................................... 1216, 1217, 1282 
Cap Amount............................................ 1217 
Cap Rate ................................................. 1216

--- Page 2072 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2046 
 
capital gains .............................................. 403 
Capital Market Act .................................... 294 
Capital Ratio ............................................. 797 
Capital Repayable Amount ...................... 1260 
Caplets Number (n-1) ................................. 1217 
Caplets Numbern...................................... 1217 
Cash Accrual ........................................... 1189 
Cash Accrual(t – 1) .................................. 1189 
Cash Participation(Final) ......................... 1189 
Cash Participation(Final) Date ................. 1189 
Cash Participation(t – 1) .......................... 1189 
Cash Participation(t) ................................ 1189 
Cash Redemption Amount ................. 797, 912 
Cash Redemption Amount Notice ...... 798, 912 
Cash Redemption Date ...................... 798, 912 
Cash Settled [Warrants/Certificates]......... 1949 
Cash Settled Securities................... ii, 439, 514 
Cash Settled Warrants...............514, 531, 1991 
Cash Settlement Amount ..........519, 966, 1285 
cash-method holder ................................... 327 
CB Units ................................................. 1287 
CBB .................................................. xvii, 289 
CDI ............................................................ vii 
CDI Holders .............................................. 267 
CDIs ......................................................... 267 
CE Resolution Notice ................................ 930 
CEAviii, 271, 273, 275, 277, 279, 281, 284, 
519, 1319, 1634, 1944, 1981 
Central Bank .............................................. 10 
CEO .......................................................... 195 
Certificate Balance .................................... 798 
Certificate Bid Level ............................... 1279 
Certificate Term ...................................... 1309 
Certificateholder Credit Event Notice....... 1309 
certificates ................................................. 374 
Certificates ............................................ 4, 440 
CFTCviii, 209, 271, 273, 275, 277, 279, 281, 
284, 519, 1144, 1319, 1634, 1944, 1981 
CGMFL ..................4, 203, 212, 429, 438, 512 
CGMFL 2022 Annual Report..................... 173 
CGMFL 2023 Annual Report..................... 173 
CGMFL 2024 Interim Financial Report ..... 173 
CGMFL Base Listing Particulars ................. iv 
CGMFL Base Prospectus ............................ xii 
CGMFL Deed of Covenant ........................ 439 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee ................... 4, 439 
CGMFL Guarantor ........................ 4, 438, 512 
CGMFL WEC Deed of Guarantee ......... 4, 512 
CGMHI .................................. 4, 198, 438, 512 
CGMHI 2022 Annual Report ..................... 161 
CGMHI 2023 Annual Report ..................... 161 
CGMHI 2024 Half Yearly Financial Report
 ................................................................. 161 
CGMHI Base Listing Particulars .................. iv 
CGMHI Base Prospectus ............................ xii 
CGMHI Deed of Covenant ........................ 439 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee ................... 4, 439 
CGMHI Guarantor................................. 4, 438 
CGMHI Rule 144A Deed Poll ................... xvi 
CGML............................ 4, 203, 209, 438, 512 
CGML 2022 Annual Report ...................... 173 
CGML 2023 Annual Report ...................... 173 
CGML 2024 Interim Financial Report ....... 173 
Chairman .................................................. 488 
Change in Law ............................... 1143, 1266 
changed interest basis .................................. 73 
Changed Interest Basis ............................ 1223 
Changed Interest Basis Period ................. 1223 
Chilean Securities Market Law .................. 292 
China Compliance Representations, Warranties 
and Undertakings .............................. 312, 988 
China Connect Business Day ............. 566, 596 
China Connect Disruption ................. 566, 596 
China Connect Early Closure............. 566, 596 
China Connect Service ....... 313, 566, 596, 991 
China Connect Service Termination .. 566, 596 
China Connect Share Disqualification 566, 596 
CISA ...................................................... 1634 
CIT ........................................................... 420 
CIT Act .................................................... 396 
CIT Law ................................................... 417 
CIT Regulations ........................................ 420 
Citi ................................................ 4, 189, 198 
Citi Proprietary Index ................................ 642 
Citi Support Agreement ..................... 191, 193 
Citicorp............................................. 191, 193 
Citigroup ....................................... 4, 189, 198 
Citigroup Inc. 10 July 2024 Form 8-K152, 161, 
173 
Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K12, 152, 161, 
173 
Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q152, 
161, 
173 
Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 10-Q152, 
161, 
174 
Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q2 Form 8-K152, 161, 173 
Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q152, 
162, 
174 
Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q3 Form 8-K152, 161, 174 
Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars .......... iv 
Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ..................... xi 
Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant ............... 439 
Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed Poll ........... xvi 
Class ......................................................... 429 
Clearing Systems ...................................... 263 
Clearstream / Euroclear Global Security .... 515 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ............. vi, 441, 514 
Client Identification Programme ........ 302, 982 
cliquet ....................................................... 242 
Cliquet Final Decimal ............................. 1099 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor .............. 1098 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum ............... 1098 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer ... 1099 
Cliquet Interim Performance Floor .......... 1019 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum............ 1020 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer 1020 
Cliquet Underlying Return ...................... 1020 
Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) ........... 1099 
CMA ................................................ xvii, 316 
CMB.................................................. xix, 323

--- Page 2073 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2047 
 
CMF ................................................. 292, 296 
CMF Rule 336 ........................................... 292 
CMS Interest Rate ................ 1171, 1173, 1226 
CMS Rate Securities ...................... 1170, 1173 
CMS Rate Securities Provisions ............... 1171 
CMS Reference Rate ............................... 1173 
CMS Reference Rate [1] ................ 1419, 1740 
CMS Reference Rate 1 ............................ 1173 
CMS Reference Rate 2 ......... 1173, 1419, 1740 
CMVM ..................................................... 315 
CNBV ....................................................... 309 
CNY .................................................. xiv, 472 
CoCo Provision ......................................... 798 
CoCo Reference Entity .............................. 798 
Codeviii, 28, 257, 258, 272, 276, 280, 284, 445, 
475, 517, 519, 1320, 1635, 1945, 1946, 1982 
CODE ....................................... 274, 277, 282 
Collective Investment Fund Tax................. 385 
Combined Global Registered NC Security.. 445 
Combined Global Registered Note Security445 
Combined Global Registered WEC Security
 ................................................................. 517 
Combined Global Security ......... 258, 445, 517 
Combined Prior Count ............................... 774 
Commission ............................................ 1282 
Commission's Proposal ............................... 28 
Commodity ............................................... 590 
Commodity Condition ............................... 590 
Commodity Dealers ................................... 590 
Commodity Exchange Act ....................... 1144 
Commodity Index ...................................... 583 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event ... 36, 587 
Commodity Index Cancellation .................. 587 
Commodity Index Condition ...................... 583 
Commodity Index Cut-off Date .................. 589 
Commodity Index Disruption ..................... 587 
Commodity Index Linked Securities ...... ii, 583 
Commodity Index Linked Warrants ........... 583 
Commodity Index Modification ................. 587 
Commodity Index Substitution................... 588 
Commodity Linked Securities ................ ii, 590 
Commodity Linked Warrants ..................... 590 
Commodity Price ....................................... 590 
Common Depositary .................................. 514 
Common Reporting Standard ..................... 404 
Common Safekeeper.................................. 258 
Companies Act .......................................... 306 
Companies Act 1915 ......................... 203, 556 
Company ................................................... 189 
comparable yield ....................................... 331 
Competent Authority ................................... iii 
Competent Official ..... 603, 613, 621, 628, 655 
Component ........................................ 583, 642 
component CDSs ............................... 112, 255 
Component Cut-off Date............................ 645 
Component Disrupted Day ......................... 645 
Component Scheduled Trading Day ........... 646 
component securities .................................. 31 
Component Security .................................. 566 
Component Share ...................................... 596 
Component Share Additional Adjustment 
Event ........................................................ 604 
Component Share Company ...................... 596 
Component Trading Day ........................... 583 
Component Transaction........................... 2033 
Component Valuation Roll ........................ 646 
Compounded Daily €STR ....................... 1165 
Compounded Daily SARON ................... 1167 
Compounded Daily SOFR ....................... 1161 
Compounded Daily SONIA ..................... 1158 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift62 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation 798, 912 
Conditions ...... 226, 233, 438, 513, 1637, 1984 
Conditions to Settlement ........................... 912 
Confirmation ........................ 2029, 2033, 2037 
Conforming Reference Obligation ............. 799 
Consent Period .......................................... 229 
Consent Required Loan .............. 805, 847, 918 
constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions
 ................................................................. 960 
Contingent Interest .................................... 799 
Contingent Securities ................................ 331 
Contract .................................................... 577 
Contract Expiry Date ................................. 577 
Contributable Assets ......................... 191, 193 
control ................ 299, 301, 506, 518, 979, 981 
Control ..................................................... 302 
controlling ownership interest............ 301, 981 
Conversion APAC Participation Certificates
 ............................................................... 1286 
Conversion Date ..................................... 1303 
Conversion Option .................................. 1302 
Conversion Share Amount ....................... 1307 
Convertible Bond Warrant ......................... 343 
Convertible Obligation .............................. 913 
core referenced futures contracts ................. 21 
Corporate Action602, 611, 620, 627, 655, 1286 
Corporate Action Amount ....................... 1286 
Corporate Action Date............................. 1286 
Corporate Action Securities ..................... 1286 
Corporate Action Securities Amount ....... 1286 
Corporate Action Valuation Period .......... 1286 
Corporate Manager ................................... 204 
Corporates ................................................ 373 
Corrected Level.............................. 1142, 1265 
Corrected Rate ..................... 1153, 1169, 1173 
Correction Period573, 577, 587, 594, 604, 630, 
635, 643, 648, 975, 1143, 1267 
Corresponding Tenor .......................560, 1254 
Coupon ................................................... 1286 
Coupon Amount ............................. 1176, 1286 
Coupon Exchange Rate ........................... 1286 
Coupon Expenses .................................... 1286 
Coupon Payment Date ............................. 1287 
Coupon Proceeds Date ............................ 1289 
Coupon Rate ........................................... 1189 
covered entities ........................................... 14 
Covered Instrument ........................... 510, 557 
Covered Instruments ................................... 14 
CRD V...................................................... 126

--- Page 2074 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2048 
 
CRE ........................................................ 1260 
CRE Adjusted Calculation Amount .......... 1260 
CRE Coupon ........................................... 1260 
CRE Redemption Amount ....................... 1260 
CRE Redemption Date............................. 1260 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms
 ......................................................... 799, 913 
Credit Derivatives Definitions ...799, 913, 2037 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee
 ................................................................. 799 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees
 ................................................................. 913 
Credit Event .............................799, 913, 1310 
Credit Event Amount ............................... 1311 
Credit Event Backstop Date ............... 800, 913 
Credit Event Notice ..................800, 914, 1311 
Credit Event Redemption Amount ..... 800, 914 
Credit Event Redemption Date ..800, 914, 1311 
Credit Event Redemption Method ...... 801, 914 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date663, 801, 
915 
Credit Event Writedown Date .................... 801 
Credit Events ............................................. 243 
Credit Linked Adjustment Event ........ 801, 966 
Credit Linked Conditions ................... 705, 876 
Credit Linked Interest Notes ...................... 801 
Credit Linked Note ............................ 802, 915 
Credit Linked Notes................... ii, 7, 705, 876 
Credit Linked Principal Notes .................... 802 
Credit Linked Warrants ..................... ii, 8, 966 
Credit Payment following Credit Event ..... 690, 
691, 692, 693, 694, 695, 696, 697, 699, 701, 
702, 704 
Credit Payment on Maturity690, 691, 692, 694, 
695, 696, 697, 699, 701, 703, 704 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount . 802, 915 
CREST ............................. vii, 267, 1567, 1881 
CREST Deed Poll ...................................... 267 
CREST Depository .................................... 267 
CREST International Manual ..................... 268 
CREST International Settlement Links Service
 ................................................................. 268 
CREST Manual ......................................... 267 
CREST Nominee ....................................... 267 
CREST Rules ............................................ 268 
Cross Currency Swap ................................ 693 
cross rate ................................................... 243 
Cross Rate I Designated Page . 994, 1037, 1079 
Cross Rate I Designated Time . 994, 1037, 1079 
Cross Rate II Designated Page 994, 1037, 1079 
Cross Rate II Designated Time 995, 1037, 1079 
Cross-contamination .......................... 622, 630 
CRR .......................................................... 802 
CSDCC ..................................................... 596 
CSRC ........................................ 313, 988, 991 
CSSF ........................................................... iii 
Currency Amount .............................. 802, 915 
Currency Disruption Event ........................ 633 
Currency Pair ............................................ 632 
Currency Rate ................................... 802, 915 
Currency Rate Source........................ 802, 915 
Current Base Listing Particulars1638, 
1984, 
1985 
Current Base Prospectus .................... 227, 234 
Current Cash Accrual .............................. 1189 
Current Interest Period ......... 1213, 1215, 1217 
Current IPD ............................................ 1191 
CUSIP .............................................. 802, 915 
Custodian .......................................... 514, 802 
Cut-off Date .....................................578, 1243 
Cut-off Number ............................. 1403, 1724 
Cut-off Valuation Date ............. 650, 653, 1140 
CVM ........................................................ 291 
Czech Holder ............................................ 366 
Czech Koruna ............................................ xiv 
CZK .......................................................... xiv 
d ....................... 1158, 1160, 1162, 1165, 1167 
D ............................................................ 1079 
d0 ................................ 1158, 1162, 1165, 1167 
D1 ........................................................... 1228 
D2 .................................................. 1228, 1229 
DA................................................. 1271, 1272 
Day Count .............................................. 1189 
Day Count Fraction ..........................519, 1227 
Day Count Period .................................... 1190 
Day Count Period Final End Date ............ 1190 
days accrued ........................................... 1186 
Days Accrued ......................................... 1031 
days observed ......................................... 1187 
Days Observed ........................................ 1031 
dc ............................................................ 1164 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date 802 
DC Credit Event Announcement ....... 802, 915 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement .. 803 
DC Credit Event Question ......................... 803 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal ......... 803 
DC Member ................................................ 97 
DC No Credit Event Announcement .. 803, 915 
DC Party ................................................... 916 
DC Relevant Currency ......... 1252, 1324, 1640 
DC Resolution .................................. 803, 916 
DC Rules ............................................ 97, 803 
DC Secretary ............................................ 803 
DC Valuation Date .................................. 1252 
DC-determined EDD ......................... 748, 803 
DCF .................. 1193, 1194, 1271, 1272, 1274 
Dealer ........................................................... ii 
Dealers ................................................. ii, 271 
Dealership Agreements ............................. 271 
Debt Designated Securities ........................ 326 
Debt Securities Amount .......................... 1287 
Debt Security ............................................ 974 
Debt Security Compulsory Conversion Event
 ............................................................... 1306 
Debt Security Conversion Event Date ...... 1308 
Debt Security Early Redemption Amount 1307 
Debt Security Early Redemption Date ..... 1308 
Debt Security Early Redemption Event .... 1306 
Debt Security Early Redemption Exchange 
Rate ........................................................ 1308

--- Page 2075 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2049 
 
Debt Security Early Redemption Proceed . 1307 
Debt Security Early Redemption Securities 
Amount ................................................... 1308 
Debt Security Issuer................................... 974 
Debt Security Linked Securities or Debt 
Security Linked Warrants .......................... 974 
Debt Security Partial Compulsory Conversion
 ............................................................... 1305 
Debt Security Partial Early Redemption ... 1305 
Debt Security Warrants ................................. ii 
December 2023 CGMFL ULN Base Prospectus
 ................................................................. 174 
December 2023 CGMFL Warrant Base 
Prospectus ................................................. 174 
Decree No. 201.......................................... 390 
Decree No. 239.......................................... 384 
Decree No. 461.......................................... 384 
Decree No. 512.......................................... 388 
Deed of Guarantee ........................................ 4 
Deeds of Covenant .................................... 439 
Deeds of Guarantee ................................... 439 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date .................. 1186 
Default Requirement.................803, 916, 1311 
default right ....................................... 510, 557 
Deferral Period .......................................... 640 
Definitive Registered Security ............. vii, 437 
Delayed Interest Payment Dates ......... 123, 124 
Delayed Publication and Announcement .... 590 
Delisting............................. 602, 612, 620, 624 
De-listing .................................................. 975 
Deliver ...................................... 803, 804, 916 
Deliverable Obligation ............... 804, 839, 916 
Deliverable Obligation Category ........ 805, 917 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 805, 917 
Deliverable Obligation Notice755, 764, 807, 
889, 919 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions ...... 807, 919 
Deliverable Obligation Terms ............ 807, 919 
Deliverable Obligations ............................. 675 
Delivered........................................... 804, 916 
Delivery ............................................ 804, 916 
Delivery Date591, 758, 760, 763, 769, 781, 
798, 800, 805, 807, 808, 813, 828, 829, 831, 
838, 840, 863, 864, 881, 892, 894, 899, 908, 
912, 917, 918, 919, 920, 923, 926, 931, 937, 
938, 1247, 1248, 1249 
Delivery Expenses ............................. 807, 919 
delta-one ................................................. 2024 
Denomination Currency ........ 1252, 1324, 1640 
Deposit ...................................................... 337 
Deposit Agreement .................................... 607 
Deposit Value ............................................ 338 
Depositary ................................................. 607 
Depositary Receipt .................................... 607 
Depositary Receipt Condition .................... 607 
Depositary Receipt Exchange .................... 607 
Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day
 ................................................................. 607 
Depositary Receipt Linked Securities ..... ii, 607 
Depositary Receipt Linked Warrants .......... 607 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange ....... 607 
Depositary Receipt Substitution ................. 615 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria .... 615 
Designated Maturity1229, 1406, 1407, 1727, 
1728 
Designated Page ..................... 995, 1037, 1080 
Designated Time .................... 995, 1037, 1080 
De-stapling Event...................................... 604 
Determination Agent ............................... 1229 
Determination Business Day ..................... 520 
Determination Period .......................520, 1229 
DFSA ....................................................... 294 
DIFC Markets Rules ................................. 294 
Digital Band Interest Rate ....................... 1197 
Digital Band Securities ............................ 1197 
Digital Band Securities Provisions ........... 1197 
Digital Interest Rate ................................ 1195 
Digital Securities ..................................... 1195 
Digital Securities Provisions .................... 1195 
DIR Index ...................................... 1194, 1238 
DIR Index Figure ........................... 1194, 1238 
DIR Index Ratio ............................. 1194, 1238 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes ........... 578 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest Securities ... 1193 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest Securities 
Provisions ............................................... 1193 
DIR Inflation Linked Notes ....................... 578 
Direct Loan Participation............ 805, 847, 918 
Direct Participants ..................................... 263 
Disappearance of Commodity Price ........... 591 
Disbursing Agent ...................................... 376 
Discussion ................................................ 366 
Dispute ............................................. 505, 555 
Disrupted Day569, 585, 591, 593, 601, 609, 
618, 627, 633, 638, 643, 648, 651, 974 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount ..... 1250 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price .............. 535 
Disruption Event ............................... 591, 636 
Disruption Fallback ........................... 591, 636 
distribution.................................................. 47 
distributor .................................................. xix 
dividend .................................................... 533 
Dividend ................................................. 1287 
Dividend Amount........................... 1282, 1287 
Dividend Expenses .................................. 1287 
Dividend Futures Contract ......................... 647 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event
 ................................................................. 649 
Dividend Futures Contract Cancellation..... 649 
Dividend Futures Contract Condition......... 647 
Dividend Futures Contract Disruption ....... 649 
Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities ii, 
647 
Dividend Futures Contract Modification .... 649 
Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor ........... 647 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution ..... 649 
Dividend FX Rate ................................... 1275 
Dividend Percentage ............................... 1282 
Dividend Period ...................................... 1282 
Dividend Screen Page ............................... 599

--- Page 2076 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2050 
 
Dividend/Corporate Action Exchange Rate
 ............................................................... 1287 
Dividends ................................................ 1282 
Dodd Frank Act ......................................... 190 
Domestic Currency ............................ 807, 919 
Domestic Investor............... 311, 313, 987, 990 
Domestic Law ................................... 807, 920 
Dominican Securities Law ......................... 294 
Double-Barrel Obligation Liability ............ 935 
Downstream Affiliate ........................ 807, 920 
DTC .............................. vi, 258, 279, 442, 514 
DTC Rules ................................................ 263 
DTC Securities .......................................... 263 
DTCC ....................................................... 263 
DTT .......................................................... 411 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate ................. 1252 
Dual Exchange Rate .................................. 633 
Due and Payable Amount .................. 807, 920 
due exercise ............................................... 538 
Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level ....... 1062 
Early Exit MER Amount ......................... 1065 
Early Exit MER Barrier Event ................. 1057 
Early Exit MER Barrier Level .................. 1062 
Early Exit MER Barrier Observation Date 1036 
Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) ..... 1062 
Early Exit MERBU.................................. 1062 
Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level ....... 1062 
Early Termination Amount ........ 451, 520, 657 
Early Termination Date ............................. 457 
Early Termination Event ................ 1143, 1267 
Early Termination Interest Amount .......... 1170 
Early Termination Notice........................... 654 
Early Termination Put Notice..................... 452 
Early Termination Valuation Date .............. 657 
ECB ........................................................ 1165 
Ecuador Reference Entity .......................... 808 
EE ........................................................... 1260 
EE Adjusted Calculation Amount ............ 1260 
EEA .................... 361, 1318, 1633, 1943, 1980 
EEA Authorised Offeror Terms ................. 229 
Effective Date ........................................... 808 
EIN ........................................................... 198 
Electronic Consent..................................... 484 
Electronic Page.............................. 1143, 1267 
Eligible Entity ................................... 305, 985 
Eligible Green Assets ................................ 127 
Eligible Green Projects .............................. 127 
Eligible Index ............................................ 962 
Eligible Index Annex ................................. 962 
Eligible Index Annex Date ......................... 962 
Eligible Information .................................. 808 
Eligible Swaption Index ............................. 808 
Eligible Transferee ............................ 808, 920 
Embedded Accrued Interest Amount ........ 1170 
EMU ......................................................... 578 
Enabling Obligation ................................... 921 
End Interest Period .................................. 1061 
Ending Interest Period End Date .............. 1149 
English Law Securities ..................... vi, 1, 437 
English Law Warrants ...................... vi, 1, 512 
Entitlement ............................ 520, 1115, 1137 
Entitlement Denominator ........................ 1116 
Entitlement Price ..................................... 1116 
Entitlement Ratio .................................... 1116 
Entitlement Underlying ........................... 1116 
Entity ........................................................ 823 
Equality Adjustment............... 995, 1037, 1080 
Equity Allocation(i) ................................ 1190 
Equity Amount........................................ 1260 
Equity Invested Allocation(0) .................. 1190 
Equity Invested Allocation(i) ................... 1190 
Equity Securities ....................................... 921 
Equivalent Amount ................................. 1116 
equivalent fixed-rate debt instrument ......... 330 
Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest ................ 630 
ERISAviii, 257, 258, 270, 272, 274, 276, 277, 
280, 282, 284, 445, 446, 517, 1320, 1635, 1945, 
1982 
ERISA Plans ............................................. 270 
ESMA ......................................................... ix 
ESMA Register ........................................... 57 
ESRM ....................................................... 128 
Established Rate ........................................ 503 
ETF .................................................. ii, 2, 6, 8 
ETF Linked Securities ........................... ii, 617 
ETF Linked Warrants ................................ 617 
ETF Share ................................................. 617 
ETF Share Substitution ............................. 622 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria ................. 623 
EU Benchmarks Regulation.................... ix, 56 
EU CRA Regulation ......... 9, 1560, 1561, 1562 
EU Green Bond Regulation ......................... 66 
EU PRIIPs Regulation .....xv, 1318, 1633, 1943 
EU Prospectus Regulationiii, 1, 286, 437, 1318, 
1319, 1633, 1634, 1943, 1980, 1981, 1984 
EUR .......................................................... xiv 
EUR Swap Rate ...................................... 1174 
euro ........................................................... xiv 
Euro ........................................................... xiv 
Euro MTF .................................................... iv 
Eurobond Basis ....................................... 1228 
Euroclear ...................... vi, 441, 514, 809, 921 
Euroclear Finland ................................ vii, 442 
Euroclear Finland Register ........................ 447 
Euroclear Finland Registrar ....................... 447 
Euroclear Finland Rules ............................ 442 
Euroclear France .................................. vi, 441 
Euroclear France Accountholder...vii, 259, 443 
Euroclear Sweden ............................... vii, 439 
Euronext Dublin ................................... iii, 495 
Euronext Paris ..............................................iii 
European Style Certificates ....................... 464 
European Style Warrants ........................... 514 
EuroTLX ....................................... 1322, 1878 
EuroTLX – [Cert-X][Bond-X] ................. 1558 
EuroTLX – Bond-X ............................. iv, 441 
EuroTLX – Cert-X ............................... iv, 441 
EuroTLX-[Cert-X][Bond-X..................... 1559 
Euro-zone ................................................. 507 
EUWA ......... xv, 1318, 1633, 1634, 1943, 1980

--- Page 2077 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2051 
 
Event Currency.......................................... 632 
Event Currency Jurisdiction ....................... 632 
Event Determination Date ............ 97, 809, 921 
Event of Default ........................ 478, 552, 976 
Event Timing ............................................. 663 
Exchange..... 567, 583, 591, 597, 617, 647, 974 
Exchange Act ...................... xvi, 160, 172, 184 
Exchange Agent ........................................ 438 
Exchange Bonds or Loans .................. 686, 867 
Exchange Business Day ...... 567, 583, 597, 617 
Exchange Event ......................................... 261 
Exchange Rate ..........................632, 636, 1282 
Exchange Rate Screen Page ..................... 1283 
Exchange Rate Specified Time ................ 1283 
Exchangeable Obligation ........................... 923 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation ....... 809, 923 
Excluded Obligation .......................... 809, 923 
Ex-Date ................................................... 1287 
Exempt Offer............................................. 294 
Exempt Securities ................................. iv, 437 
Exempt Warrants ....................................... 512 
Exercisable Certificates ......................... 5, 512 
exercise ..................................................... 538 
Exercise Amount ........ 678, 749, 809, 885, 924 
Exercise Cut-off Date ................................ 924 
Exercise Date ................... 466, 521, 966, 1288 
Exercise Dates ........................................... 521 
Exercise Expenses ....................466, 521, 1288 
Exercise Notice ................................. 464, 539 
Exercise Notice Delivered Date ............... 1288 
Exercise Period.......................................... 521 
Exercise Period Extension ......................... 528 
Exercise Price .................................. 521, 1283 
Exercising a Significant Influence .............. 393 
Exhaustion Point ....................................... 809 
Expenses ....................................... 1245, 1288 
Expiration Date ............................... 527, 1285 
Expiration Date (Saudi) ........................... 1288 
Expiry Date ....................................... 508, 647 
Extended Maturity Date ..................... 809, 924 
Extension Date .................................. 810, 925 
Extraordinary Dividend ...... 597, 608, 617, 624 
Failure by a Fund Service Provider ............ 630 
Failure to Deliver............................. 537, 1250 
Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount .... 1251 
Failure to Deliver Settlement Price ............. 521 
Failure to Pay ................... 661, 810, 925, 1311 
Fair Market Value ..................................... 457 
Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement ......................................... 458 
Fallback Bond ........................................... 578 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount ... 761, 895 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date ........ 760, 895 
Fallback Commodity Dealers ..................... 591 
Fallback Commodity Price ......................... 591 
Fallback Discounting ................................. 838 
Fallback Redemption Method ............ 811, 925 
FBL Latest Preceding MER Level ........... 1109 
FBL Performance Product Base Level ...... 1109 
FBL Preceding MER Level ...................... 1110 
FBL Reset Floor Level ............................ 1110 
FCA ................................................. iv, 9, 209 
FDIC ..................................................... vi, 10 
Federal Reserve ........................................ 189 
Fees or Charges Event ............................... 624 
FEIN......................................................... 198 
FEMA ...................................................... 297 
FEMA Non-debt Rules ...................... 304, 984 
FIEA......................................................... 307 
Final Auction Redemption Amount ... 811, 925 
Final Auction Redemption Date......... 811, 926 
Final Averaging Date .............................. 1277 
Final Barrier Level .................................. 1108 
Final Cash Redemption Amount ........ 811, 926 
Final Cash Redemption Date ............. 811, 926 
Final Equity Allocation ........................... 1190 
Final Exercise Date ................................. 1288 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date ...........998, 1130 
Final FX Rate.......................................... 1275 
Final Interest Period ................................ 1214 
Final Interest Period End Date ................. 1229 
Final LA Cash Redemption Amount .......... 811 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date ............... 812 
Final Level .......................................817, 1190 
Final List .......................................... 812, 926 
Final Outperformance A Underlying(s).... 1080 
Final Outperformance B Underlying(s) .... 1080 
Final Participation Rate ........................... 1131 
Final Participation Rate Call .................... 1131 
Final Participation Rate Put ..................... 1131 
Final Performance .......................... 1080, 1136 
Final Performance Underlying(s) ............. 1101 
Final Period Performance ........................ 1100 
Final Period Performance 1 ..................... 1100 
Final Period Performance 2 ..................... 1100 
Final Period Performance 3 ..................... 1100 
Final Period Performance Percentage....... 1100 
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date .. 768, 
812, 898, 926 
Final Price ................................. 812, 817, 926 
Final Price Determination Date.......... 753, 888 
Final Reference Level ............ 657, 1102, 1136 
Final Reference Level (Last FVD) ........... 1100 
Final Reference Level of the Entitlement 
Underlying .............................................. 1815 
Final Settlement Amount ......................... 1288 
Final Settlement Date .............................. 1288 
Final Terms .................................... 3, 437, 512 
Final Valuation Date .............. 817, 1078, 1288 
FinalPerf ................................................. 1131 
Financial Services Act ......................307, 1570 
Financial Transaction Tax ......................... 374 
Financial Transaction Type ............... 812, 926 
Finnish Securities ................................ vii, 440 
Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement ................................................ 440 
FinSA ................. 321, 1319, 1634, 1944, 1981 
First Entity ........................................ 506, 518 
First Fallback Electronic Page ................... 636 
First Fallback Rate Source ......................... 636

--- Page 2078 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2052 
 
First Fallback Reference Price ................... 636 
First Fallback Reference Rate .................... 636 
First Fallback Valuation Time .................... 636 
First Futures Contract ................................ 592 
First Nearby Month ................................... 592 
First Obligation ......................................... 834 
First Ranking ............................................. 812 
First Ranking Interest ................................ 812 
First Valuation Date................................. 1288 
Fiscal Agency Agreement .......................... 438 
Fiscal Agent .............................................. 438 
Fitch ............................................................. 8 
Fixed Cap ........................................ 812, 1311 
Fixed Fee Amount ................................... 1220 
Fixed Interest Rate ......................... 1150, 1229 
Fixed Percentage ........................... 1273, 1277 
Fixed Rate Securities ............................... 1149 
Fixed Rate Securities Provisions .............. 1149 
Fixed Rate Warrants .................................. 521 
Fixed Recovery Percentage ................ 812, 926 
flat tax ....................................................... 375 
Floating Interest Rate ............................... 1230 
Floating Rate Securities ........................... 1151 
Floating Rate Securities Provisions .......... 1151 
Floor .......................... 1213, 1214, 1215, 1283 
Floor Amount .......................................... 1215 
Floor Rate ............................................... 1214 
Floorlets Number(n-1) ................................ 1215 
Floorlets Numbern ................................... 1215 
foreign currency ........................................ 327 
Foreign Currency Contingent Security ....... 333 
Foreign Currency Securities ............... 327, 416 
foreign investment fund ............................. 354 
Forward Rate ........................................... 1174 
Forward Rate Reference Banks ................ 1175 
FPI Regulations ......................................... 298 
FPR1131, 1521, 1522, 1523, 1524, 1525, 1841, 
1842, 1843, 1844, 1845 
FPR Call ................................................. 1131 
FPR Put ................................................... 1131 
FPU............................ 1101, 1116, 1118, 1127 
Fractional Entitlement ..................... 533, 1248 
Frankfurt Freiverkehr................................... iv 
freely tradeable ........................................ 1251 
freely tradeable share ................................. 538 
French Cleared Securities .......................... 441 
French Law Securities .............. vi, 1, 437, 482 
French Law Securities Registration Agent .. 438 
French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent
 ................................................................. 438 
French Shares ............................................ 374 
FRL......................................................... 1127 
FSCMA ..................................................... 308 
FSMA ................... xv, 1318, 1633, 1943, 1980 
FTT ............................................. 28, 358, 391 
Full Faith and Credit Component ............... 935 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability ... 935 
Full Quotation ................................... 812, 926 
Fully Transferable Obligation ............ 812, 926 
Fund .......................................................... 617 
Fund Administrator ........................... 617, 624 
Fund Adviser .................................... 617, 624 
Fund Adviser Event .................................. 625 
Fund Documents ............................... 617, 625 
Fund Modification ............................ 622, 629 
Fund Service Provider ....................... 617, 625 
Funding Interest Amount ........................... 712 
Funding Interest Rate ........................ 813, 927 
Further Certificates ................................. 1300 
Further DC Resolution .............................. 972 
Further Subordinated Obligation................ 813 
Futures Contract ........................................ 592 
FX ......................................... 995, 1037, 1103 
FX Adjusted Interest Rate ....................... 1209 
FX Linked Securities ................................. 632 
FX Linked Warrants .................................. 632 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency ........997, 1130 
FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency ........998, 1130 
FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency ........998, 1130 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page ...... 998, 
1130 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time ..... 998, 
1130 
FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page ..... 998, 
1130 
FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time .... 998, 
1130 
FX Perf Designated Page ..................997, 1130 
FX Perf Designated Time .................997, 1130 
FX Perf Final ......................... 996, 1038, 1128 
FX Perf Initial ........................ 997, 1039, 1129 
FX Perf Rate ....................................997, 1130 
fx performance .......................................... 242 
FX Performance ............ 996, 1038, 1128, 1210 
FX Performance 1 ................................... 1210 
FX Performance 2 ................................... 1210 
FX Performance Rate .............................. 1210 
FX Performance Securities ...................... 1209 
FX Performance Securities Provisions ..... 1209 
FX Performance Valuation Date .............. 1210 
FX Performance Valuation Date 1 ........... 1211 
FX Performance Valuation Date 2 ........... 1211 
FX Rate ..................................... 632, 637, 813 
FX Rate Condition ............................ 632, 637 
FX Rate Linked Securities ............................. ii 
FX Rate Set Date ...................................... 813 
FX Rate Source ......................................... 637 
GBP ........................................................... xiv 
GBP Swap Rate ...................................... 1174 
Gemini Event Valuation Date .................. 1078 
Gemini Mandatory Early Redemption Date
 ............................................................... 1110 
General Conditions .................... 437, 512, 513 
General Fund Obligation Liability ............. 936 
General Inconvertibility............................. 633 
General Meeting ....................................... 482 
General Non-Transferability ...................... 633 
German Law Warrants ..................... vi, 1, 512 
Global Bearer Security .............................. 512 
Global Exchange Market .............................. iv

--- Page 2079 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2053 
 
Global Interest Cap Securities .................. 1215 
Global Interest Cap Securities Provisions . 1216 
Global Interest Floor Securities ................ 1213 
Global Interest Floor Securities Provisions
 ............................................................... 1213 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger ................... 1021 
Global Lock-in Redemption Floor Trigger1101 
Global Lock-in Redemption Sum ............. 1101 
Global Lock-in Sum ................................ 1021 
Global Registered NC Security .................... vi 
Global Registered Security .......... vii, 258, 512 
Global Registered Security ........................ 437 
Global Registered WEC Security ................ vii 
Global Securities ....................................... viii 
Global Security.......................................... 512 
Governmental Authority521, 632, 639, 813, 
927, 1311 
Governmental Authority Default ................ 634 
Governmental Intervention .......662, 813, 1312 
GPR ........................... 1072, 1073, 1074, 1120 
Grace Period.............................814, 927, 1312 
Grace Period Business Day .......814, 927, 1313 
Grace Period Extension Date ............. 814, 927 
Greece....................................................... 378 
Greek tax residents .................................... 379 
Green and Social Bond Report ... 128, 130, 132 
Green Bond Asset Portfolio ....................... 128 
Green Bond Framework ............................. 127 
Green Bonds....................... 127, 196, 201, 208 
Green Bonds Exclusionary Criteria ............ 128 
Group ......................................................... 12 
GSIBs ....................................................... 191 
G-SIBs ....................................................... 14 
Guarantee .................................................. 815 
Guarantor ...................................... 4, 212, 438 
Guarantors ............................................. 4, 438 
Hedge Disruption Obligation757, 815, 891, 
928 
Hedging .................................................. 1298 
hedging arrangements ........................ 492, 548 
Hedging Disruption ....................... 1144, 1267 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event
 .............................................. 521, 1144, 1267 
Hedging Illegality ...................................... 975 
Hedging Party ...................... 1144, 1268, 1288 
Hedging Position .......... 523, 1144, 1268, 1301 
Hedging Positions.................................... 1288 
Hellenic Reference Entity .......................... 815 
Helsinki Banking Day................................ 467 
Hierarchy Provisions .................................. 55 
Highest .............................................. 872, 950 
Himalaya interim 
performance 
– 
Asian 
observation ................................................ 241 
HKSCC ............................................. 567, 597 
holder ........................................................ 441 
holder of Securities ............................ 260, 442 
holder of Warrants ............................. 260, 515 
Holding Exemption ................................... 367 
Holding Notice ........................................ 1220 
Holding Ratio Change ............................... 625 
Hong Kong ................................ 521, 567, 597 
Hungary Reference Entity ......................... 815 
Hypothetical FX Forward .......................... 815 
Hypothetical Index Swaption Confirmation 815 
Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction .. 815 
Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Swap 
Confirmation ............................................. 962 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction
 ......................................................... 954, 963 
Hypothetical Investor .......................625, 1289 
Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement815, 963 
Hypothetical Single Name Set ............ 954, 963 
Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation
 ................................................................. 963 
Hypothetical Single Name Transaction ...... 963 
Hypothetical Skew Confirmation ............... 964 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction ................. 964 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty ....... 816, 964 
Hypothetical Swap Termination Value ...... 964 
hypothetical transactions ........................... 954 
i ............... 1159, 1162, 1166, 1168, 1190, 1205 
IA Adjusted Calculation Amount ............... 463 
IAN .......................................................... 816 
ICMA ....................................................... 127 
IGA .......................................................... 405 
IGT ........................................................... 419 
IIR .............................................................. 29 
IIT ............................................................ 418 
IIT Law .................................................... 417 
IIT Regulations ......................................... 418 
Illegality ................................................. 1143 
Illegality Event.......................................... 450 
Illegality Event (Impossible Performance) . 450 
Illegality Event (Possible Performance) ..... 450 
Illiquidity .................................................. 634 
Implicit Portfolio Size ............................... 816 
Implied Forward Rate.............................. 1175 
Income Tax Act ........................................ 413 
Income Tax Law ....................................... 363 
Inconvertibility Event ................................ 816 
Increased Cost of Hedging........ 64, 1145, 1268 
Increased Cost of Index Event ................... 578 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow567, 597, 607, 
617 
Independent Auditors ................................ 194 
Index ........................................................ 816 
Index Annex ............................................. 816 
Index Annex Date ..................................... 816 
Index Calculation Agent ................. 1879, 2021 
Index CDS ................................. 112, 255, 688 
index component ......................................... 47 
Index Conditions ....................................... 642 
Index Month A ........................................ 1194 
Index Month B ........................................ 1195 
Index Month X ........................................ 1238 
Index Month Y ........................................ 1238 
Index Parties ............................................. 688 
Index Publisher ......................................... 816 
Index Restriction Event ..................... 567, 583 
Index Skew Conditions ............................. 959

--- Page 2080 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2054 
 
Index Skew Early Termination Amount ..... 964 
Index Skew Notes .............................. ii, 7, 959 
Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount ..................................................... 965 
Index Skew Position .......................... 960, 965 
Index Sponsor567, 578, 583, 642, 688, 816, 
1879, 2021 
Index Swaption Cash Settlement Amount... 816 
Index Swaption Cash Settlement Currency . 817 
Index Swaption Cash Settlement Spot Rate 817 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes .......... 817 
Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount 817 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount ...... 817 
Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount
 ................................................................. 817 
Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ...................................................... 777 
Index Tranched Redemption Amount ......... 818 
Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity
 ................................................................. 777 
Index Tranched Successor Entity ............... 777 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ...... 818 
Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ...................................................... 775 
Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount 776 
Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity
 ................................................................. 775 
Index Untranched Successor Entity ............ 776 
India .......................................................... 297 
Indian Companies Act ............................... 297 
Indian 
Compliance 
Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings ............. 304, 984 
Indian Resident.......................... 297, 304, 984 
Indirect Participants ................................... 263 
Indonesia ................................................... 306 
Ineligible Entity ................................. 302, 982 
Inflation Index ........................................... 578 
Inflation Index Condition ........................... 578 
Inflation Index Linked Securities .................. ii 
Inflation Index Securities ........................... 578 
Inflation Rate Notes ................................... 578 
Inflation Rate Securities ........................... 1192 
Inflation Rate Securities Provisions .......... 1192 
Initial Authorised Offeror(s) .................... 1570 
Initial Averaging Date ............................. 1277 
Initial Caplets Number ............................. 1217 
Initial Cash Participation.......................... 1190 
Initial Equity Invested Allocation ............. 1190 
Initial Equity Participation ....................... 1191 
Initial Exchange Rate ................................. 693 
Initial Floorlets Number ........................... 1215 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date ......... 998, 1130 
Initial FX Rate ............................... 1325, 1641 
Initial Interest Basis ................................. 1223 
Initial Interest Basis Period ...................... 1223 
Initial Level ............................................. 1191 
Initial Preference Share Reference Date ..... 656 
Initial Reserve Period .............................. 1213 
Initial Stock Loan Rate ....... 567, 597, 607, 618 
Initial Valuation Date .................... 1273, 1277 
Insider .............................................. 322, 989 
Insolvency .................. 603, 613, 620, 628, 655 
Insolvency Event ......... 603, 613, 620, 628, 655 
Insolvency Officer....... 603, 613, 620, 628, 655 
Instalment Amount .................................... 507 
Instalment Date ......................................... 507 
Instalment Note ......................................... 463 
Instalment Redemption Amount ................ 818 
Instrument Payments ................................. 818 
Insurance Distribution Directivexv, 285, 1318, 
1633, 1943, 1980 
Insured Instrument ............................ 819, 847 
Insured Obligor ................................. 819, 847 
interest ............................... 356, 393, 417, 477 
Interest .............................................. 812, 819 
Interest Adjustment ................................. 1191 
Interest Amount521, 525, 1030, 1149, 1176, 
1179, 1192, 1193, 1197, 1198, 1199, 1200, 
1202, 1205, 1207 
Interest Amount Inflation Index ............... 1193 
Interest Barrier Event .............................. 1027 
Interest Barrier Level .............................. 1029 
Interest Barrier Observation Date .............. 993 
Interest Barrier Underlying(s) .................. 1029 
Interest Basis Table ................................. 1230 
Interest Commencement Date ...........521, 1230 
Interest Date............................................ 1232 
Interest Determination Date ............ 1155, 1230 
Interest Initial Floor Level ......................... 998 
Interest Initial Floor Percentage ................. 998 
Interest Initial Floor Strike Date ................ 993 
Interest Initial Level .................................. 998 
Interest Lock-in Event ............................. 1029 
Interest Lock-in Level ............................. 1030 
Interest Observation Date ............... 1184, 1187 
Interest Participation Rate1191, 1193, 1195, 
1231 
Interest Participation Rate (Previous Coupon 
Linked Interest Rate) ............................... 1208 
Interest Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate)
 ............................................................... 1206 
Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest 
Rate) ....................................................... 1179 
Interest Participation Rate (Volatility Bond 
Interest Rate) .......................................... 1203 
Interest Participation Rate 1 ..................... 1173 
Interest Participation Rate 2 ..................... 1173 
Interest Payment Date .............. 522, 992, 1231 
Interest Payment Dates .............................. 522 
Interest Period ..................................522, 1232 
Interest Period End Date ...................522, 1232 
Interest Period Final Reference Level ........ 999 
Interest Period Initial Reference Level ....... 999 
Interest Period Strike Level ....................... 999 
Interest Rate ........................... 522, 1149, 1152 
Interest Reference Level ............................ 999 
Interest Strike Date.................................... 993 
Interest Strike Level ................................ 1000 
Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount 711, 879 
Interest Tax Deduction Amount ................. 819

--- Page 2081 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2055 
 
Interest Underlying .................................. 1000 
Interest Valuation Date .................... 994, 1191 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying(s) . 1000 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying(s) . 1000 
Interim Performance ................................ 1000 
Interim Performance Underlying(s) .......... 1022 
Intermediary .................................... 385, 1245 
Internal Audit ............................................ 194 
International Financial Service Centre ........ 980 
Interpolated Reference Rate ............. 560, 1254 
Intervening Period ................................... 1249 
In-the-Money .................................... 466, 522 
Inverse Fixed Rate ................................... 1199 
Inverse Floating Interest Rate................... 1199 
Inverse Floating Rate Securities ............... 1199 
Inverse Floating Rate Securities Provisions
 ............................................................... 1199 
Inverse Reference Rate ............................ 1199 
investment income ..................................... 403 
investment manager ........................... 299, 979 
Investor ..................................................... 228 
Investor Group .................................. 305, 985 
IOSCO MMOU ................................. 300, 980 
IP ............................................................ 1275 
IPR............................. 1150, 1191, 1193, 1195 
IPU ......................................................... 1022 
IR Valuation and Settlement Condition .... 1219 
IRAP ......................................................... 384 
IRES ......................................................... 384 
Irish Law Dispute .............................. 505, 556 
Irish Law Securities .......................... vi, 1, 437 
Irish Law Warrants ........................... vi, 1, 512 
IRS............................................................. 27 
ISARM ..................................................... 293 
ISDA .......................522, 661, 966, 1157, 2033 
ISDA Calculation Agent .......................... 1154 
ISDA Definitons ...................................... 1157 
ISDA Rate ............................................... 1154 
ISDA® .................................................... 2029 
ISM .................................................... iv, 2021 
ISM Rulebook ............................................. iv 
Israeli Qualified Investors .......................... 307 
Israeli Securities Law ................................ 307 
Issue Date.................................494, 514, 1230 
Issue Price ................................................. 514 
Issue Terms .................... 3, 437, 513, 819, 928 
Issuer ........................................................... 4 
Issuer Business Day ........................... 819, 928 
Issuers .......................................................... 4 
Issuer's Notice of Early Termination .......... 452 
Italian Listed Certificates ....................... 4, 440 
Italian Listed Notes.................................... 440 
iTraxx Associates .......................... 2036, 2040 
iTraxx® Master Transaction .................... 2033 
iTraxx® Swaption Standard Terms Supplement
 ............................................................... 2037 
IVAFE ...................................................... 390 
Joint Potential Successor............................ 771 
Joint Relevant Obligation........................... 771 
JPY ........................................................... xiv 
JPY 10:00 Swap Rate .............................. 1174 
JPY 15:00 Swap Rate .............................. 1174 
KID .......................................................... 315 
KPMG Luxembourg.................................. 207 
KSA Regulations ...................................... 316 
LA Cash Redemption Amount ................... 819 
LA Cash Redemption Date ........................ 819 
LA Cut-Off Date ....................................... 819 
LA Interest Amount .................................. 820 
LA Interest Payment Date ......................... 820 
LA Interest Period ..................................... 820 
LA Interest Period End Date ...................... 820 
LA Negative Interest Amount .................... 820 
LA Physical Redemption Date ................... 820 
LA Recovery Amount ............................... 820 
LA Relevant Currency............................... 821 
LA Settlement Assets ................................ 821 
LA Valuation Date .................................... 821 
LA Value Date .......................................... 821 
Largest Asset Package ............................... 821 
Last Permitted Rate .................... 60, 560, 1254 
Latest Level ...................................... 579, 580 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan
 .................................................. 821, 859, 943 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date
 ......................................................... 821, 928 
Latest Preceding MER Level ................... 1062 
Latest Reset Final Barrier Level .............. 1110 
Latest Reset MER Barrier Level .............. 1063 
Law 111 .................................................... 383 
LBD ....................................................... 1232 
LCY ......................................................... 822 
LCY Reference Amount ............................ 822 
Legacy Reference Entity Count ................. 774 
Legal Person Registered in the PRC313, 988, 
991 
Lev ...................................... 1187, 1206, 1240 
Liabilities .................................................. 212 
Limitation ................................................. 635 
Limitation Date ................................. 822, 928 
Limitation Event ....................................... 625 
Limited Recourse Obligations ................... 822 
Limited Recourse Provisions ..................... 822 
Limited Shareholders ................................ 203 
Limited Shares .......................................... 203 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes ............ 822 
Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ..................................................... 774 
Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount .... 775, 
822 
Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity 774 
Linear Basket Successor Entity.................. 774 
Listed................................................ 835, 935 
Loan ........................................ 833, 932, 1313 
Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date 759, 822 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes.. 822 
Local 
Access 
Basket 
Non-Succession 
Reference Entities ..................................... 780 
Local Access Basket Partial Nominal Amount
 ......................................................... 780, 822

--- Page 2082 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2056 
 
Local Access Basket Succession Reference 
Entity ........................................................ 780 
Local Access Basket Successor Entity 780, 822 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes
 ................................................................. 822 
Local Access Single Name Partial Nominal 
Amount ............................................. 779, 823 
Local 
Access 
Single 
Name 
Succession 
Reference Entity ........................................ 779 
Local Access Single Name Successor ........ 823 
Local Access Single Name Successor Entity
 ................................................................. 779 
Local Currency .............................. 1141, 1265 
Local Currency (Share) ............................ 1289 
Local Jurisdiction .......................... 1145, 1269 
Local Jurisdiction (Share) ........................ 1289 
Local Taxes ............................................. 1289 
Lock-in Barrier n ..................................... 1225 
Lock-in Condition ................................... 1223 
Lock-in Condition n................................. 1225 
Lock-in Date ........................................... 1225 
Lock-in Determination Date..................... 1224 
Lock-in Determination Disrupted Day...... 1225 
Lock-in Event .......................................... 1225 
Lock-in Event n ....................................... 1225 
Lock-in Final Level ................................. 1239 
Lock-in Performance ............................... 1239 
Lock-in Redemption Barrier .................... 1239 
Lock-in Reference Observation ................ 1223 
Lock-in Reference Observation n ............. 1226 
Lock-in Specified Rate ............................ 1224 
Lock-in Strike Level ................................ 1239 
Lockout Date ............................................. 123 
Lockout Period .......................................... 123 
London Banking Day ............................... 1232 
London Business Day ................................ 522 
London Stock Exchange .............................. iv 
Long Dividends ....................................... 1275 
Long DividendsET .................................... 1279 
Long Participation Rate (LPR) ................. 1275 
Long Underlying ..................................... 1283 
Long UnderlyingET .................................. 1280 
Long UnderlyingFinal ................................ 1275 
Long Underlyings ....................................... 85 
LongET .................................................... 1280 
LongF ...................................................... 1275 
LongI ....................................................... 1275 
Lookback .................................................. 123 
Loss Amount ............................................. 823 
Loss of Stock Borrow ......... 568, 597, 608, 618 
Loss Threshold Amount ............................. 823 
Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level ....................................................... 1063 
Lower MER Barrier Level ....................... 1063 
Lower Range ........................................... 1187 
Lower Range 1 ........................................ 1187 
Lower Range 2 ........................................ 1187 
Lower Range 3 ........................................ 1187 
Lower Strike.................................. 1273, 1277 
Lowest .............................................. 872, 950 
LPN .......................................................... 823 
LPN Issuer ................................................ 824 
LPN Reference Entity ............................... 824 
LPN Reference Obligation ........................ 824 
LPR ........................................................ 1996 
LRS .................................................. 299, 979 
LSE .......................................................... 314 
LT .......................................................... 1996 
LTD .......................................................... 190 
Luxembourg Business Day ........................ 522 
Luxembourg or Brussels time .................... 539 
M(M)R Restructuring ................................ 826 
M1 .......................................................... 1228 
M2 .......................................................... 1228 
Manager/Adviser Transfer ................. 303, 983 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount .... 1234 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event
 ............................................................... 1057 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level
 ............................................................... 1063 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Observation Date .................................... 1036 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) .......................................... 1063 
Mandatory Early Redemption Condition .. 1234 
Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment 
Date ........................................................ 1036 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date . 1036, 1234 
Mandatory Early Redemption Event ........ 1234 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor 
Level ...................................................... 1040 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor 
Percentage .............................................. 1040 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor 
Strike Date .............................................. 1036 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level
 ............................................................... 1040 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying(s) ...................................... 1041 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
B Underlying(s) ...................................... 1042 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation 
Rate ........................................................ 1077 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation 
Rate Call ................................................. 1077 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation 
Rate Put .................................................. 1077 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance
 ............................................................... 1042 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) .......................................... 1054 
Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level
 ............................................................... 1054 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date 1036 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Level
 ............................................................... 1056 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s)
 ............................................................... 1057 
Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event ...................................................... 1061

--- Page 2083 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2057 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event Valuation Date ............................... 1036 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date
 ............................................................... 1037 
Mandatory Early Termination Amount ...... 522, 
1279, 1296 
Mandatory Early Termination Barrier Level
 ............................................................... 1280 
Mandatory Early Termination Date522, 1280, 
1297 
Mandatory Early Termination Event522, 1279, 
1296 
Mandatory Early Termination FX Rate .... 1280 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Date
 ............................................................... 1280 
Mandatory Early Termination Valuation Period
 ..................................................... 1280, 1281 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date ....................... 578 
March 2012 Supplement ............................ 928 
MARF ....................................................... 421 
Margin .... 1193, 1194, 1232, 1238, 1240, 1283 
Margin (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate)
 ............................................................... 1208 
Margin (SF Interest Rate) ........................ 1206 
Margin (Spread Interest Rate) .................. 1179 
Margin (Volatility Bond Interest Rate) ..... 1203 
Margin 1 ................................................. 1173 
Margin 2 ................................................. 1174 
Market............................................... 872, 950 
Market Discount Security .......................... 334 
Market Disruption Event568, 569, 571, 634, 
824 
Market Timer Percentage ......................... 1131 
Market Timer Redemption Initial Level ... 1130 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Date ..... 1078 
Market Value...................... 761, 824, 896, 928 
Market Value Trigger Event ...................... 824 
Market Value Trigger Level ....................... 824 
Masse ........................................................ 482 
Material Change ........................................ 634 
Material Change in Content ....................... 592 
Material Change in Formula ...................... 592 
Material Increased Cost ........................... 1143 
maturity ..................................................... 848 
Maturity Date ............................................ 507 
Maturity Redemption Amount ........... 824, 928 
Max...................................... 1077, 1131, 1187 
Maximum Interest Rate ........................... 1233 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount ................................................... 1077 
Maximum Maturity ................... 805, 848, 919 
Maximum Redemption Amount1131, 
1238, 
1239, 1240, 1241, 1242 
Maximum Reference Rate ....................... 1233 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate 568, 597, 608, 618 
MCAA ...................................................... 428 
Member State ............................................ 325 
MER Barrier Level .................................. 1063 
MER Barrier Observation Date ................ 1036 
MER Coupon Payment Date .................... 1036 
MER Date ............................................... 1036 
MER Determination Date ........................ 1236 
MER Initial Floor Level .......................... 1040 
MER Initial Floor Percentage .................. 1040 
MER Initial Floor Strike Date.................. 1036 
MER Initial Level ................................... 1040 
MER Performance .................................. 1042 
MER Reference Level ............................. 1054 
MER Strike Date ..................................... 1036 
MER Strike Level ................................... 1056 
MER Underlying(s) ................................. 1057 
MER Upper Barrier Event ....................... 1061 
MER Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date1036 
MER Upper Barrier Percentage ............... 1064 
MERAA1066, 1067, 1069, 1070, 1071, 1072, 
1073, 1074, 1075, 1076 
MERBU.................................................. 1063 
Merger Date ................ 604, 614, 621, 629, 656 
Merger Event603, 614, 621, 628, 655, 825, 929 
Merger Redemption Amount ............. 825, 929 
MERPerf ....................................... 1071, 1077 
MERPR1066, 1067, 1068, 1069, 1070, 1075, 
1076, 1077 
MERPR Call ..... 1071, 1072, 1073, 1074, 1077 
MERPR Put ...... 1071, 1072, 1073, 1074, 1077 
MERPU1054, 1066, 1067, 1068, 1069, 1070, 
1074, 1075, 1076 
MIB Interest Payment Date ..................... 1226 
MIB Interest Period ................................. 1226 
Mid-Market Swap Rate ........................... 1174 
MiFID II ........ iii, 285, 1318, 1633, 1943, 1980 
MiFID II Regulations ................................ 306 
MiFID Product Governance Rules .............. xix 
Milan Business Day .................................. 509 
Min ............................. 1077, 1131, 1179, 1187 
MinFin ...................................................... 825 
Minimum Exercise Number....................... 522 
Minimum Interest Rate ............................ 1233 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount................................................... 1077 
Minimum Redemption Amount1131, 
1238, 
1239, 1240, 1241, 1242 
Minimum Reference Rate ........................ 1233 
Minimum Return Amount ......................... 458 
Minimum Return Amount plus Pro Rata Issuer 
Cost Reimbursement ................................. 458 
MLI .......................................................... 413 
Modified Eligible Transferee ............. 826, 929 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
Date .................................................. 826, 929 
MOIC ....................................................... 289 
Monetisation ............................................. 631 
Monetisation Amount ................................ 458 
Monetisation Valuation Date .......... 1141, 1264 
Monetised Amount ......................... 1141, 1264 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity ............ 826 
Moody's ........................................................ 8 
Moral Obligation Liability ......................... 936 
MOT............................ iii, iv, 441, 1558, 1559 
Movement Option ............................. 826, 929

--- Page 2084 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2058 
 
Movement Option Cut-off Date ......... 826, 930 
MTF ....................................................... iv, 57 
MTFs ......................................................... 20 
Multiple Exchange Index ........................... 568 
Multiple Exercise Certificates .................... 464 
Multiple Exercise Warrants ........................ 514 
Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage
 ............................................................... 1104 
Multiple Holder Obligation . 782, 826, 902, 930 
Multiple IVD Interim Performance Percentage
 ............................................................... 1024 
Multiple-Rate VRDI .................................. 330 
Multiplier ...................................... 1180, 1283 
Mutual Fund .............................................. 625 
Mutual Fund Condition .............................. 625 
Mutual Fund Interest ................................. 625 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria .. 630 
Mutual Fund Linked Securities .............. ii, 624 
Mutual Fund Linked Warrants ................... 624 
Mutual Fund Substitution........................... 630 
n..................................... 458, 459, 1024, 1104 
N ............................................................. 1190 
N(i) ......................................................... 1283 
NA .................... 1271, 1272, 1274, 1276, 1278 
NAFR ............................................... 313, 988 
NASDAQ Stockholm MTF........................... v 
National 
Bank 
of 
Hungary 
Deliverable 
Obligation ................................................. 827 
National Bank of Hungary Obligation ........ 826 
Nationalisation .... 604, 614, 622, 629, 634, 656 
NAV Trigger Event ................................... 625 
NAV Trigger Percentage ........................... 626 
NBH Event of Default ............................... 827 
NC Dealership Agreement ......................... 271 
Nearby Month ........................................... 592 
Net Dividend ............................................. 599 
Net Wealth Tax ......................................... 419 
New Information Event ............................. 626 
New Single Name Credit Linked Notes ...... 727 
New Trade................................................. 967 
New York Business Day ............................ 523 
New York Federal Reserve's Website ....... 1163 
New York Law Securities ................. vi, 1, 437 
New York Warrant Agent .......................... 512 
New Zealand dollars .................................. xiv 
Next Currency Fixing Time ............... 827, 930 
ni ................................ 1159, 1162, 1166, 1168 
No Adjustment Determination ......... 559, 1253 
No Auction Announcement Date ....... 827, 930 
NOK ......................................................... xiv 
Nominal Amount ..................................... 1283 
Non Currency Redemption ........................ 626 
Non-bullion Commodity ............................ 592 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation ...... 827 
Non-Conforming 
Substitute 
Reference 
Obligation ................................................. 827 
Non-Contingent Amount ............. 99, 249, 837 
Non-Contingent Interest............................. 828 
Non-Debt Designated Securities ................ 335 
Non-Deliverable Asset Package ................. 763 
Non-Event Currency ................................. 632 
Non-exempt Offer ............................. 228, 285 
Non-Exempt Offer .................................... 287 
Non-Exempt Warrants ............................... 512 
Non-Financial Instrument .......................... 828 
Non-Full Faith and Credit Component ....... 936 
Non-resident Corporate Holders ................ 361 
Non-resident Indian ........................... 304, 984 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date ... 828 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date.......... 830 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation .......... 830 
Non-Transferable Instrument ..................... 830 
Non-U.S. Holder ....................................... 326 
non-U.S. interest-linked payments ............. 343 
Non-U.S. Issuer ........................................ 344 
Non-Viability Trigger Event ...................... 830 
NOPS Amendment Notice .. 831, 832, 930, 931 
Norwegian holders .................................... 391 
Norwegian Kroner...................................... xiv 
Not Bearer ........................................ 806, 919 
Not Contingent.......................................... 918 
Not Domestic Currency ..................... 835, 935 
Not Domestic Issuance ...................... 835, 935 
Not Domestic Law ............................ 835, 935 
Not Sovereign Lender ....................... 835, 935 
Not Subordinated .............................. 834, 933 
Note .......................................................... 325 
Notes .................................................... 4, 440 
Notes Extension Date ........................ 831, 930 
Notice Cut-Off Time ............................... 1220 
Notice Delivery Date ................................. 831 
Notice Delivery Period ............... 663, 831, 930 
Notice of Physical Settlement ............ 831, 931 
Notice of Physical Settlement Condition to 
Settlement ................................................. 931 
Notice of Publicly Available Information.. 832, 
931, 1313 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option 831, 930 
Notice-determined EDD .................... 748, 831 
Notifying Party ....................................... 2042 
Notional Auction Settlement Amount ........ 967 
Notional Cash Settlement Amount ............. 967 
Notional Transaction ................................. 967 
Notional Transaction Settlement Amount .. 967 
Notional Transaction Terms ...................... 967 
Notional Unwind Amount ......................... 967 
NRIT ........................................................ 417 
NRIT Law ................................................ 417 
NSS .......................................................... 258 
Nth1387, 1388, 1473, 1474, 1496, 1497, 1707, 
1708, 1794, 1796, 1819, 1820 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 832 
Nth-to-Default 
Non-Succession 
Reference 
Entities ..................................................... 772 
Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount ... 773, 
833 
Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity
 ................................................................. 772 
Nth-to-Default Successor Entity ................ 772 
Number of Basis Points ........................... 1220

--- Page 2085 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2059 
 
Number of Postponement Days .................. 641 
Number of Settlement Business Days ......... 637 
Oasis Best Performer 1 .............................. 994 
Oasis Best Performer X ............................. 994 
Oasis Interim Percentage ......................... 1025 
obligation .................................................. 847 
Obligation ................................833, 932, 1313 
Obligation Acceleration .... 661, 836, 936, 1313 
Obligation Category .......................... 833, 932 
Obligation Characteristics .......................... 833 
Obligation Currency .................836, 936, 1313 
Obligation Default ............ 661, 836, 936, 1313 
Obligations ................................................ 661 
obligor....................................................... 847 
Obligor Regulatory Event .................... 63, 450 
Observation ............................................. 1166 
Observation Day ...................................... 1191 
Observation Day(0) ................................. 1191 
Observation Day(Final) ........................... 1191 
Observation Day(t) .................................. 1191 
Observation Look-Back Period ...... 1162, 1168 
Observation Period ............... 1159, 1280, 1283 
Observation Period Shift ............................ 123 
Observation Shift Period ............................ 125 
ODI ................................................... 300, 980 
OFAC ....................................................... 836 
offer .................................................. 285, 286 
offer of Securities to the public .......... 286, 287 
Official List ................................................. iii 
Official Settlement Price ............................ 577 
Official Successor Rate .............................. 636 
OID ........................................................... 328 
OID Securities ........................................... 328 
OLA ........................................................... 15 
Omnibus Accounts .................................... 395 
Option ....................................................... 458 
Option Value ............................................. 459 
Optional Redemption Amount ................... 657 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date ......... 657 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount. 836, 936 
Original Base Listing Particulars .... 1637, 1985 
Original Base Prospectus .... 226, 227, 233, 234 
Original Currency ...................... 563, 635, 639 
Original Entity ................................... 498, 551 
Original Form of Final Terms .................... 233 
Original form of Issue Terms ..................... 226 
Original Listing Particulars ...................... 1984 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation
 ................................................................. 836 
Original Obligation(s) ................................ 838 
OTC .......................................................... 121 
Outperf A ............................. 1005, 1046, 1085 
Outperf B ............................. 1009, 1050, 1089 
outperformance ......................................... 241 
Outstanding ............................................... 480 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount .. 836, 
936 
Outstanding Amount........... 832, 837, 931, 936 
Outstanding Nominal Amount ................... 837 
Outstanding Principal Balance ................... 837 
Overseas Citizen of India .................. 306, 986 
Owners ..................................................... 263 
Ownership Restriction Event ..................... 839 
p .......................................... 1162, 1166, 1168 
Package Observable Bond .......... 247, 683, 839 
Page ........................................................ 1233 
Parallel Auction ................................ 839, 936 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date .... 839, 936 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms..... 839, 937 
Partial Cash Redemption Amount ...... 760, 895 
Partial Cash Redemption Date ........... 760, 895 
Participants ............................................... 263 
Participation Rate (PR) ............................ 1275 
Party A ................................ 2029, 2033, 2037 
Party B................................. 2029, 2033, 2037 
Pay & Refund ........................................... 401 
Paying Agents ........................................... 438 
Payment ................................... 833, 932, 1313 
Payment Date ............................................ 579 
Payment Date(s) ...................................... 1260 
Payment Day ............................................ 470 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date767, 840, 898, 
937 
Payment Failure Event Notice ........... 767, 898 
Payment Requirement .............. 840, 937, 1313 
Payment Timing ........................................ 663 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event ........ 839, 937 
payments .................................................. 351 
Payor ................................................ 380, 381 
PBOC .......................................... 80, 313, 988 
Pension Fund Tax ..................................... 385 
Performance ................................... 1273, 1278 
Performance Product Base Level ............. 1064 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount ............................... 1065 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount1116 
Period Performance ................................. 1021 
Period Performance 1 .............................. 1021 
Period Performance 2 .............................. 1021 
Period Performance 3 .............................. 1022 
Permissible Deliverable Obligation.... 840, 937 
Permitted Contingency .............................. 840 
Permitted Currency ................................... 937 
Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaserviii, 257, 272, 
280, 284, 445, 517, 523, 1320, 1635, 1945, 
1982 
PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER .. 274, 
282 
Permitted QIB Purchaserviii, 257, 276, 280, 
284, 446, 517, 1320, 1635, 1945, 1982 
PERMITTED QIB PURCHASER ..... 278, 282 
Permitted Transfer..................................... 840 
Person ........................................ 304, 497, 984 
Personal Income Tax Act .......................... 380 
PFIC ......................................................... 326 
Physical Delivery [Warrants/Certificates] 1949 
Physical Delivery Election Cut-off Date .. 1289 
Physical Delivery Securities .......... ii, 439, 514 
Physical Delivery Warrants ...... 514, 531, 1991 
Physical Redemption Assets .............. 840, 938

--- Page 2086 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2060 
 
Physical Redemption Date ................. 841, 938 
Physical Settlement Matrix ........ 662, 841, 938 
Physical Settlement Period ................. 841, 938 
Pillar Two Directive ................................... 29 
PIT Act ..................................................... 394 
Plans ......................................................... 270 
PLN .......................................................... xiv 
PML Maintenance of Records Rules .. 299, 979 
Poland ....................................................... 314 
Polish Admission ....................................... 314 
Polish Zloty ............................................... xiv 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes ..... 841 
Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount
 ................................................................. 841 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount.. 842 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount
 ................................................................. 842 
Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ...................................................... 778 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount .... 842 
Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference 
Entity ........................................................ 778 
Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity .......... 778 
Post Dismissal Additional Period ............... 842 
Post-nominated Replacement Reference Rate
 ................................................................. 562 
Postponement ............................................ 592 
Potential Failure to Pay ...................... 842, 938 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium ..... 842, 939 
PR ........................................................... 1996 
PRA .................................................... 17, 209 
PRC313, 322, 472, 523, 568, 597, 988, 990, 991 
PRC Citizen .............................. 313, 988, 991 
PRC Government ....................................... 80 
PRC Person ....................................... 322, 989 
Pre-Approved Transferee ................... 303, 983 
Pre-Approved Transferee Transfer ..... 303, 983 
Preceding Determination ............... 1780, 1812 
Preceding Interest Period ............................ 70 
Preceding MER Level.............................. 1064 
Preceding Payment Date ............................. 70 
Preference Share ........................................ 654 
Preference Share Company ................ 429, 654 
Preference Share Condition ........................ 654 
Preference Share Early Termination Event . 656 
Preference Share Linked Securities ............... ii 
Preference Share Terms and Conditions ..... 429 
Preference Share Underlying ........... 429, 1136 
Preference Share Valuation Date .............. 1136 
Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount
 ............................................................... 1137 
Preference Shares ...................................... 206 
Premium Accreted Amount ........................ 842 
Premium Actual/Actual (ICMA) ................ 843 
Premium Amortised Face Amount ............. 843 
Premium Calculation Period ...................... 844 
Premium Determination Period .................. 844 
Premium Reference Price........................... 844 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate
 ....................................................... 560, 1255 
Previous Cash Accrual ............................ 1191 
Previous Coupon ............................... 70, 1208 
Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate 70, 1207 
Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date ... 1207 
Previous Coupon Linked Period .............. 1207 
Previous Coupon Linked Securities ......... 1207 
Previous Coupon Linked Securities Provisions
 ............................................................... 1207 
Previous Coupon Reference Rate ............. 1208 
Previous Interest Valuation Date ............. 1191 
Price ......................................................... 600 
Price Materiality ............................... 634, 637 
Price Materiality Percentage .............. 632, 637 
Price Source .............................................. 592 
Price Source Disruption .............. 592, 634, 637 
Price(ex)t .................................................. 600 
Pricet......................................................... 600 
Pricet-1 ...................................................... 600 
Pricing Supplement ........................ 3, 437, 512 
PRIIPs Regulation ............................315, 1980 
Primary Rate ..................................... 632, 637 
PRIN ........................................................ 845 
principal............................................ 403, 477 
Principal Amount ...................................... 459 
Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)
 ................................................................. 459 
Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity ................................................ 459 
Principal Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity .................................................... 459 
Principal Tax Deduction Amount .............. 845 
Principal Warrant Agent ............................ 512 
Principal Writedown Amount .................... 845 
Prior DC Resolution .................................. 972 
Prior Deliverable Obligation ....... 247, 683, 845 
Prior Reference Obligation ................ 834, 933 
Private Investors ....................................... 374 
Private-side Loan ...................................... 845 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement ......... 459 
Programme ............................................... ii, 1 
Prohibited Action ...................................... 845 
Prohibited Entity ............................... 298, 978 
Prohibited Investor .................................... 310 
projected payment schedule ....................... 331 
Proposed Transferee .......................... 302, 982 
Prospectus Law ................................. 291, 293 
Prospectus Regulation ............................... 512 
PRP .......................................................... 844 
PRP Percentage ......................................... 845 
public offer ............................................... 321 
Public Offer .............................................. 314 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)...................... 1570 
Public retail funds ............................. 306, 986 
Public Source ........................... 845, 939, 1315 
Publicly Available Information . 846, 939, 1313 
Purchased Short Underlyings ................... 1281 
Put Call Sum Floor .................................. 1130 
Put Cap .......................................... 1077, 1130 
Put Floor ........................................ 1077, 1130

--- Page 2087 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2061 
 
Put Notice ................................................. 461 
Put Option ................................................. 337 
Put Premium.............................................. 337 
QCB ........................................................ xviii 
QDMTT ..................................................... 29 
QFC Stay Rules .......................................... 14 
QFCA ..................................................... xviii 
QFCRA ................................................... xviii 
QFCs .......................................................... 14 
QFII .................................................. 568, 597 
QFMA..................................................... xviii 
QIBviii, 276, 277, 280, 282, 284, 446, 517, 
1320, 1635, 1945, 1982 
QIBs ......................................................... 257 
qualified financial contract ................. 510, 557 
Qualified Index Securities .......................... 345 
Qualified Indices ....................................... 345 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee ........... 846, 940 
Qualifying Certificates ............................... 421 
Qualifying Guarantee........ 846, 847, 940, 1315 
Qualifying Policy ...................................... 847 
Qualifying Shares ...................................... 421 
Quantum of the Claim ............................... 838 
Quota ........................................................ 545 
Quotation ........................... 762, 848, 896, 940 
Quotation Amount .............. 761, 848, 895, 940 
Quotation Dealer ............................... 848, 940 
Quotation Method............... 761, 849, 895, 940 
Quote Currency ......................................... 633 
r ........................................................ 458, 459 
RA Cap ................................................... 1187 
RA Factor................................................ 1181 
RA Floor ................................................. 1187 
Rand ......................................................... xiv 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities ..... 1181, 
1187 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities 
Provisions ............................................... 1181 
Range Accrual Determination Date992, 1403, 
1724 
Range Accrual Table ............................... 1187 
Rate........................................................... 651 
Rate 1 .......................................82, 1206, 1208 
Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate ............. 1206 
Rate 1 Margin.......................................... 1206 
Rate 1 Participation Rate ......................... 1208 
Rate 2 .......................................82, 1206, 1208 
Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate ............. 1206 
Rate 2 Margin.......................................... 1206 
Rate 2 Participation Rate ......................... 1209 
Rate Condition .......................................... 651 
Rate Linked Securities ........................... ii, 651 
Rate Linked Warrants ................................ 651 
Rate Table ............................................... 1233 
Rate X ..................................................... 1180 
Rate Y ..................................................... 1180 
Rate Z ..................................................... 1180 
Rates Day Count Fraction ........................ 1283 
RCR ........................................................ 1213 
RD ............................................................ 600 
RDt ........................................................... 600 
Real Dividend ........................................... 600 
Real Dividend Currency ............................ 600 
Real Estate Fund Tax ................................ 385 
Real Estate Funds ...................................... 384 
Realisation Disruption Event 1145, 1268, 1298 
Rebased Index ........................................... 582 
Record Date .............................................. 466 
Recovery Amount ..................................... 849 
Recovery Threshold Amount ..................... 850 
RedAdj ............. 1121, 1122, 1123, 1124, 1125 
Redeemed Securities ................................. 460 
Redemption Amount ........................449, 1191 
Redemption Barrier Event ....................... 1110 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date ..... 1078 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) ........... 1113 
Redemption Initial Floor Level ................ 1104 
Redemption Initial Floor Percentage ........ 1104 
Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date ....... 1078 
Redemption Initial Level ................ 1104, 1137 
Redemption Lock-in Event ...................... 1113 
Redemption Lock-in Event Valuation Date
 ............................................................... 1078 
Redemption Lock-in Percentage .............. 1113 
Redemption Lock-in Underlying(s) ......... 1113 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event ............ 1113 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation 
Date ........................................................ 1079 
Redemption Lower Barrier Underlying(s) 1115 
Redemption Participation Rate ................ 1239 
Redemption Rate ..................................... 1240 
Redemption Rate 1 .................................. 1240 
Redemption Rate 1 UCL ......................... 1240 
Redemption Rate 2 .................................. 1240 
Redemption Rate 2 UCL ......................... 1240 
Redemption Rate UCL ............................ 1240 
Redemption Reserve Amount .................. 1242 
Redemption Strike Date ................. 1078, 1136 
Redemption Strike Level ......................... 1105 
Redemption Suspension Notice769, 850, 899, 
941 
Redemption Underlying ................. 1105, 1137 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event ............. 1115 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation 
Date ........................................................ 1079 
Redemption Upper Barrier Underlying(s) 1115 
Redenomination Date ................................ 503 
Reference Assets ....................................... 850 
Reference Assets Call/Maturity Date ......... 850 
Reference Assets Conditions ..................... 850 
Reference Assets Conditions Date ............. 850 
Reference Assets Forward Rate ................. 850 
Reference Assets FX Forward Notional ..... 850 
Reference Assets FX Forward Termination 
Date .......................................................... 850 
Reference Assets FX Forward Termination 
Value ........................................................ 850 
Reference Assets Liquidation Value .......... 851 
Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger 
Event ........................................................ 851

--- Page 2088 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2062 
 
Reference Assets Only Settlement ...... 833, 851 
Reference Assets Restructuring Event ........ 851 
Reference Assets Trigger Level ................. 851 
Reference Currency ....................... 1174, 1233 
Reference Currency Business Day ............. 637 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement
 ................................................................. 851 
Reference Custodian .................................. 851 
Reference Entity .......................851, 941, 1315 
Reference Entity Count .............................. 852 
Reference Entity Notional Amount ............ 852 
Reference Entity Weighting ....................... 852 
Reference Index................................. 597, 615 
Reference Investor ..................................... 852 
Reference Investor Assets .......................... 852 
Reference Jurisdiction ............................... 853 
Reference Level......................................... 580 
Reference Month ....................................... 579 
Reference Obligation .......... 761, 853, 895, 941 
Reference Obligation Only ........................ 833 
Reference Obligation Only Series .............. 853 
Reference Obligations Only ....................... 932 
Reference Observation ................... 1182, 1187 
Reference Observation 1 .......................... 1187 
Reference Observation 2 .......................... 1188 
Reference Observation 3 .......................... 1188 
Reference Observation Disrupted Day...... 1188 
Reference Observation Table ................... 1188 
Reference Rate ............. 559, 1197, 1233, 1256 
Reference Rate 1 ........................... 1180, 1203 
Reference Rate 2 ........................... 1180, 1203 
Reference Rate Early Termination ........... 1253 
Reference Rate Event ...................... 560, 1255 
Reference Rate Event Provisions ....... 116, 558 
Reference Rate Fallback Provision ... 563, 1259 
Reference Rate One ................................. 1206 
Reference Rate Two ................................ 1206 
Reference Registry .................................... 854 
Registered NC Securities ............................. vi 
Registered Securities ........................... vii, 441 
Registered WEC Securities ......................... vii 
Registrar............................................ 438, 512 
Registry Regulation ................................... 590 
Regulated Market ...................................... 361 
Regulation ................................................. 402 
Regulation S ............................................ 1319 
Regulation S ....................... viii, 284, 446, 517 
Regulation S ............................................ 1320 
Regulation S ............................................ 1634 
Regulation S ............................................ 1635 
Regulation S ............................................ 1944 
Regulation S ............................................ 1945 
Regulation S ............................................ 1981 
Regulation S ............................................ 1982 
Regulation S Global Bearer WEC Security viii, 
517 
Regulation S Global Registered Certificate 
Security ..................................................... 446 
Regulation S Global Registered NC Security
 ................................................................. 446 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Security
 ................................................................. 446 
Regulation S Global Registered WEC Security
 ................................................................. 517 
Regulation S Global Security...... 257, 446, 517 
Regulatory Action ............................. 622, 629 
Regulatory Change Cost ............................ 854 
Regulatory Change Event .......................... 854 
Regulatory Termination Securities986, 
988, 
990 
Related Agreement Termination ................ 626 
Related Exchange........ 568, 583, 597, 598, 618 
Related Index ............................................ 623 
Relevant €STR Level .............................. 1166 
Relevant Agent .......................... 55, 507, 1148 
Relevant Agreements ........................ 510, 557 
Relevant Authority .................................... 472 
Relevant Business Day ............................ 1203 
Relevant City Business Day .............. 854, 941 
Relevant Clearing System .. 442, 466, 755, 889 
Relevant Company ...................................... 49 
Relevant Component ................................. 645 
Relevant Credit Event ....................... 854, 941 
Relevant Currency...........472, 995, 1037, 1103 
Relevant Date ........... 474, 476, 477, 478, 1252 
Relevant Day .......................................... 1152 
relevant Deed of Covenant ........................ 439 
Relevant Disrupted Amount ...................... 855 
Relevant Dividend .................................. 1282 
Relevant Due Date .................................... 507 
Relevant Early Redemption Date ....... 844, 874 
Relevant Early Termination Date ............... 456 
relevant entity ............................................. 17 
Relevant Event Determination Date ... 855, 941 
Relevant Financial Centre ....................... 1233 
relevant foreign currency ........................... 333 
Relevant Guarantee ................................... 855 
Relevant Holder ........................................ 855 
Relevant Index ............................................ 49 
Relevant Interest Payment Date ............... 1216 
Relevant Lock-in Percentage ................... 1240 
Relevant MERBU(s) ...................... 1063, 1064 
Relevant Nominating Body ..............561, 1255 
Relevant Number1160, 1164, 1413, 1414, 
1734, 1735 
Relevant Obligations ......................... 855, 941 
Relevant Percentage ....................... 1240, 1275 
Relevant Person ............................. 1879, 2021 
Relevant Price ......... 592, 626, 647, 1273, 1278 
Relevant Proportion .......................... 460, 463 
Relevant Rate ......................... 639, 1231, 1232 
Relevant Risk Event .................................. 855 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date ... 856 
Relevant SARON Level .......................... 1168 
Relevant Scheduled Payment Date471, 
1142, 
1153, 1170, 1173, 1265 
Relevant Securities .................................... 391 
Relevant SF Rate .................................... 1204 
Relevant SOFR Level.............................. 1162 
Relevant Spread Rate .............................. 1178

--- Page 2089 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2063 
 
Relevant Swap Rate ................................. 1174 
Relevant T2 Business Day ....................... 1166 
Relevant Tax ..................................... 593, 642 
Relevant Time ......................................... 1174 
Relevant Volatility Bond Rate ................. 1201 
Relevant Zurich Banking Day .................. 1169 
Relibi Law................................................. 351 
remaining redemption amount .................... 330 
Remaining Reserve Period ....................... 1212 
Remittance Exemption ............................... 399 
Renminbi............................................ xiv, 472 
Renminbi Warrants ..................................... 80 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding 
Amount ............................................. 832, 931 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation .. 832, 931 
Replacement Reference Rate............ 561, 1256 
Reporting Disruption ................................. 630 
Representative ........................................... 482 
Representative Amount............................ 1174 
Repudiation ............................................... 634 
Repudiation/Moratorium... 661, 856, 941, 1315 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date . 856, 
941 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition
 ......................................................... 856, 942 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice856, 
942 
Reserve Coupon Rate .............................. 1213 
Reserve Coupon Securities ...................... 1211 
Reserve Coupon Securities Provisions ..... 1211 
Reset Final Barrier Level ......................... 1110 
Reset MER Barrier Level ......................... 1065 
Reset MER Floor Level ........................... 1065 
Reset MER Underlying(s) ........................ 1065 
resident ..................................................... 413 
Resolution ................................................. 482 
Resolve ..................................... 856, 916, 942 
Resolved ................................................... 856 
Resolves .................................................... 856 
Restricted Debt .......................................... 856 
Restricted Entity ................................ 298, 978 
Restructure Fee........................................ 1220 
Restructure Interest Rate Securities .......... 1218 
Restructure Interest Rate Securities Provisions
 ............................................................... 1218 
Restructure Rate ...................................... 1220 
Restructure Rate Acceptance.................... 1218 
Restructure Rate Request ......................... 1221 
Restructure Rate Request Confirmation .... 1218 
Restructure Rate Request Date ................. 1218 
Restructure Rate Request Period .............. 1221 
Restructure Rate Request Start Date ......... 1221 
Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation ..... 1218 
Restructured Bond or Loan ................ 857, 942 
Restructured Entity .................................... 727 
Restructuring .................... 661, 857, 942, 1315 
Restructuring Date ............................. 859, 943 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date ..... 859, 
943 
Result ...................................................... 1197 
retail investor ............................... xv, 285, 286 
Revenue Obligation Liability ..................... 936 
Revised Currency Rate ...................... 859, 944 
Revision Cut-off Date ............................... 579 
RG AMF................................................... 296 
Rights Issue ............................................ 1300 
Risk Event ................................................ 859 
Risk Event Determination Date ................. 859 
Risk Event Determination Period ....... 663, 860 
Risk Event Notice ..................................... 860 
Risk Event Redemption Method ................ 860 
Risk Event Redemption Option ................. 860 
Risk Events ....................................... 109, 252 
RL Final Level .................................. 74, 1240 
RL Valuation Date .................................. 1241 
RLIP ....................................................... 1127 
RMB.................................................. xiv, 472 
RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date ... 472 
RMB Determination Business Day ............ 472 
RMB Determination Date .................. 472, 524 
RMB Disruption Event ...................... 473, 523 
RMB Illiquidity ................................ 473, 523 
RMB Illiquidity (FX) ................................ 860 
RMB Inconvertibility ........................ 473, 523 
RMB Non-Transferability ................. 473, 523 
RMB Relevant Currency ................... 472, 524 
RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time . 472, 
524 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page 472, 524 
RMB Settlement Centre ............................ 472 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) ........................ 524 
RMB Spot Rate ................................. 473, 524 
Rollerball Barrier .................................... 1235 
Rollerball Determination Disrupted Day .. 1237 
Rollerball MER Condition ....................... 1234 
Rollerball Reference Observation ............ 1235 
Rollerball Specified Rate ......................... 1235 
Royal Decree 1310/2005 ........................... 320 
Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 ............... 320 
RP .................................................... 455, 456 
RPN ........................................................ 1213 
RPR ........................................................ 1239 
RQFII ............................................... 568, 597 
RR1 UCL................................................ 1240 
RR2 UCL................................................ 1240 
RRE Adjustments.............................559, 1253 
Rule ........................................................ 1320 
Rule 144Aviii, 284, 446, 517, 1320, 1634, 
1635, 1945, 1982 
Rule 144A Deed Polls ................................ xvi 
Rule 144A Global Registered Note Security
 ................................................................. 446 
Rule 144A Global Registered WEC Security
 ................................................................. 517 
Rule 144A Global Security ......... 257, 446, 517 
Rules ........................................................ 944 
Russian QIs.............................................. xviii 
Russian Reference Entity........................... 861 
RWA ........................................................ 190 
S&P .............................................................. 8

--- Page 2090 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2064 
 
SA Denominator ...................................... 1077 
SA Numerator ......................................... 1077 
SA Rate ................................................... 1077 
SA Relevant Percentage ........................... 1078 
SAFE ........................................ 313, 988, 991 
Sale Costs................................................ 1308 
Same Underlying Share and Currency ........ 615 
SAR/USD Exchange Rate ........................ 1289 
SARON ................................................... 1169 
SARON Fallback Provisions .................... 1169 
SARON Floating Rate ............................. 1167 
SARON Observation Period .................... 1168 
SARON Reference Rate .......................... 1168 
SARON Reference Rate Cut-off Date ...... 1169 
satisfies ................................................... 1192 
satisfy......................... 1029, 1061, 1112, 1192 
Saudi Investor ........................................... 316 
Saudi Riyals .............................................. xiv 
SCA .......................................................... xix 
SCA Resolutions ....................................... 323 
SCDF Law ................................................ 364 
Schedule............................................ 436, 511 
Scheduled Closing Time568, 584, 598, 608, 
618 
Scheduled Determination Date ....... 1226, 1237 
Scheduled Interim Valuation Date .............. 626 
Scheduled Maturity Date ........................... 507 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension ........... 861 
Scheduled Observation Date .................... 1188 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date ...... 626 
Scheduled Termination Date .................... 2031 
Scheduled Trading Day568, 584, 592, 598, 
609, 618, 626, 633, 638, 642, 647, 651, 654, 974 
Scheduled Trading Day (t) ......................... 600 
Schedules .......................................... 436, 511 
Scheme ..................................................... 590 
Screen Rate ............................................. 1152 
SEBI ......................................................... 298 
SEBI Master Circular ........................ 299, 979 
SEC................................................... 152, 209 
Second Fallback Electronic Page................ 637 
Second Fallback Rate Source ..................... 637 
Second Fallback Reference Price ............... 637 
Second Fallback Reference Rate ................ 637 
Second Fallback Valuation Time ............... 638 
Second Futures Contract ............................ 592 
Second Nearby Month ............................... 592 
Second Obligation ..................................... 834 
Second Rate ............................................... 73 
Secondary Rate.................................. 633, 638 
Section 871(m) .................................... 28, 344 
Section 871(m) Event ............. 524, 1146, 1269 
Section 871(m) Event (Hedging) .............. 1146 
Section 988 election................................... 340 
Securities............................ 1, 4, 437, 494, 512 
Securities Actviii, 271, 275, 279, 284, 446, 517, 
1251, 1319, 1634, 1944, 1981 
SECURITIES ACT ................... 273, 277, 281 
Securities Commission .............................. 289 
Security Index ........................................... 568 
Security Index Adjustment Event .............. 573 
Security Index Cancellation ....................... 573 
Security Index Condition ........................... 568 
Security Index Disruption .......................... 573 
Security Index Linked Securities ........... ii, 566 
Security Index Linked Warrants ................ 566 
Security Index Modification ...................... 573 
Security Index Substitution........................ 574 
Securityholder .................... 260, 441, 442, 515 
Securityholder Obligations ................ 303, 983 
Securityholders ......................................... 482 
SeDeX ........... iv, 441, 1322, 1558, 1559, 1878 
SEHK ............................................... 569, 598 
SEK ........................................................... xiv 
Seller ...............................................967, 2030 
Senior Level.............................................. 861 
Senior Non-Preferred Level ....................... 861 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes....................... 861 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation ....... 684, 861 
Senior Obligation ....................... 861, 934, 944 
Senior Reference Entity ............................. 861 
Seniority Level.......................................... 861 
Series ......................................... 226, 437, 514 
Services ........................................................ ii 
set-in-advance observation period ...... 123, 125 
Settled Entity ............................................ 861 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount ......... 861 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount .. 861 
Settled Entity Loss Amount ....................... 861 
Settled Entity Matrix ................................. 862 
Settled Entity Notional Amount ................. 862 
Settled Entity Recovery Amount ............... 862 
Settled Entity Weighting ........................... 862 
Settlement Business Day ................ 1250, 1993 
Settlement Currency ....................... 1324, 1639 
Settlement Currency Disruption Event ....... 471 
Settlement Currency Jurisdiction ............... 471 
Settlement Currency Principal Amount ...... 862 
Settlement Date ....... 465, 524, 967, 1284, 1289 
Settlement Disruption Event .............536, 1250 
Settlement Price ...................................... 1284 
Settlement/Custodial Event ....................... 862 
SF Rate 1 ................................................ 1206 
SF Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate........ 1206 
SF Rate 1 Margin .................................... 1206 
SF Rate 2 ................................................ 1206 
SF Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate........ 1206 
SF Rate 2 Margin .................................... 1207 
SF Reference Rate ................................... 1204 
SFA .............. xx, 319, 1321, 1636, 1946, 1983 
SFIA Act ............................................ vii, 258 
SFO .......................................................... 297 
SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions........... 1161 
SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions ... 1160 
SGRs ........................................................ 385 
Share ........................................................ 598 
Share Company ......................................... 598 
Share Condition ........................................ 598 
Share Linked Securities ......................... ii, 596 
Share Linked Warrants .............................. 596

--- Page 2091 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2065 
 
Share Substitution.............................. 605, 975 
Share Valuation Period ............................ 1308 
Shareholders .............................................. 203 
Shares ............................................... 313, 991 
Short Dividends ....................................... 1275 
Short DividendsET .................................... 1281 
Short Participation Rate (SPR) ................. 1276 
Short Underlying ..................................... 1285 
Short UnderlyingET .................................. 1281 
Short UnderlyingFinal................................ 1276 
Short Underlyings....................................... 85 
ShortET .................................................... 1281 
ShortF ...................................................... 1276 
ShortI ...................................................... 1276 
Short-Term Securities ................................ 333 
Shout Forward Rate(s) ............................. 1201 
Shout Option Cut-off Time ...................... 1201 
Shout Option Date ......................... 1201, 1203 
Shout Period ............................................ 1203 
SIBA ......................................................... 291 
SIMs ......................................................... 385 
Single Exchange Index .............................. 569 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes ...... 862, 876 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount ...... 772, 
862, 901, 944 
Single Name Succession Reference Entity. 771, 
900 
Single Name Successor Entity771, 863, 900, 
944 
Single Target Percentage ......................... 1025 
Single Target Redemption Percentage ...... 1106 
single underlying observation .................... 240 
Single-Rate VRDI ............................. 330, 337 
skew .................................................. 113, 255 
Slovak Securities Act ................................. 319 
Small Mid Cap .................................. 403, 404 
SMV ......................................................... 314 
Snowball Accrual Day ............................. 1077 
Snowball Accrual Denominator ............... 1077 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount................................ 1077 
Snowball Accrual Numerator ................... 1077 
Snowball Accrual Period ......................... 1077 
Snowball Accrual Rate ............................ 1077 
Snowball Accrual Relevant Percentage .... 1078 
Social Bond Eligibility Criteria .................. 129 
Social Bond Framework ............................ 129 
Social Bonds ............................. 129, 196, 201 
Social Finance Assets ................................ 130 
Social Finance Assets Portfolio .................. 130 
Social Finance Bonds ................ 132, 196, 202 
Social Finance Exclusionary Criteria .......... 131 
Social Finance Framework ......................... 131 
SOFR ...................................................... 1163 
SOFR Fallback Provisions ....................... 1164 
SOFR Floating Rate................................. 1161 
SOFR Index ............................................ 1164 
SOFR Index Floating Rate ....................... 1163 
SOFR Observation Period ........................ 1163 
SOFR Reference Rate .............................. 1163 
SOFR Reference Rate Cut-off Date ......... 1163 
SOFRi .................................................... 1163 
Sold Corporate Action Securities ............. 1289 
Sold Long Underlyings .................. 1280, 1281 
Sold Securities ........................................ 1289 
Sold Shares ............................................. 1308 
Sole Securityholder ................................. 1218 
Sole Securityholder Contact .................... 1221 
Solvency Capital Provisions ...................... 863 
SONIA Compounded Index..................... 1160 
SONIA Floating Rate .............................. 1158 
SONIA Index Floating Rate .................... 1160 
SONIA rate ............................................. 1159 
SONIAi ................................................... 1159 
SONIAi-5LBD ............................................ 1159 
South African Companies Act ................... 319 
South African Exchange Control Regulations
 ................................................................. 320 
Sovereign .......................................... 863, 944 
Sovereign Agency ..................................... 944 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation
 ......................................................... 863, 944 
Sovereign Succession Event ...................... 863 
Special Exemption .................................... 398 
Specific Inconvertibility ............................ 634 
Specific Non-Transferability ..................... 635 
Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date ............... 1188 
Specified Currency ............................ 834, 934 
Specified Current Payment Security .......... 346 
Specified DC Valuation Date................... 1252 
Specified Early Exit MER Barrier Observation 
Date ........................................................ 1036 
Specified ELIs .......................................... 345 
Specified Final Valuation Date ....... 1078, 1136 
Specified Financial Centre(s) ..................... 633 
Specified FX Performance Valuation Date
 ............................................................... 1210 
Specified Gemini Event Valuation Date ... 1078 
Specified Interest Barrier Observation Date 992 
Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike Date . 993 
Specified Interest Strike Date .................... 993 
Specified Interest Valuation Date .............. 994 
Specified Lock-in Determination Date ..... 1224 
Specified Lock-in Final Valuation Date ... 1240 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date .................................... 1036 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Initial 
Floor Strike Date ..................................... 1036 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Date or Specified MER Strike Date ......... 1036 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation Date................... 1036 
Specified 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date ........................................ 1037 
Specified Market Timer Redemption Strike 
Date ........................................................ 1078 
Specified MER Barrier Observation Date 1036 
Specified MER Determination Date ......... 1236 
Specified MER Initial Floor Strike Date .. 1036

--- Page 2092 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2066 
 
Specified MER Upper Barrier Event Valuation 
Date ........................................................ 1036 
Specified Number .............................. 863, 944 
Specified Rate ... 1199, 1436, 1442, 1757, 1763 
Specified Rate 1 ................... 1199, 1442, 1763 
Specified Rate 2 ................... 1199, 1442, 1763 
Specified Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date ........................................................ 1078 
Specified Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date
 ............................................................... 1078 
Specified Redemption Lock-in Valuation Date
 ............................................................... 1078 
Specified Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date ........................................ 1078 
Specified Redemption Strike Date .. 1078, 1136 
Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date ........................................ 1079 
Specified Time ........................................ 1234 
Specified Valuation Date ............... 1146, 1269 
SPECTRUM ................................................ v 
SPGRE ......................................................... 9 
SPGRUK...................................................... 9 
Spread ........................................... 1273, 1277 
Spread Cap Margin .................................. 1180 
Spread Interest Rate ................................. 1178 
Spread Rate 1 .......................................... 1180 
Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate .. 1180 
Spread Rate 1 Margin .............................. 1180 
Spread Rate 2 .......................................... 1180 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate .. 1180 
Spread Rate 2 Margin .............................. 1180 
Spread Rate 3 ................................ 1180, 1181 
Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate .. 1180 
Spread Reference Rate ............................. 1178 
Spread Securities ........................... 1178, 1181 
Spread Securities Provisions .................... 1178 
SRD Fallback Provisions ......................... 1152 
SRO List ................................................... 863 
SRO Rules................................................. 246 
SRR ........................................................... 17 
ST ........................................................... 1996 
Stabilisation Manager(s) ............................ xiv 
Standard Event Determination Date ........... 863 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date .................. 864 
Standard Reference Obligation................... 865 
Standard Reference Obligation or SRO ...... 246 
Standard Specified Currency .............. 865, 944 
Standard Terms Supplement .................... 2033 
Stapled Share............................................. 598 
Start Date .................................................. 600 
Steps Plan.................................................. 865 
Sterling ..................................................... xiv 
STLF ......................................................... 420 
Stock Dividend ........................................ 1300 
Stockholm Banking Day ............................ 467 
Straddle Securities ..................................... 231 
Strategy Breach ................................. 622, 629 
Strike ............................................ 1272, 1274 
Strike Date .............................................. 1290 
Strike Level ............................................... 817 
Strike Price ............................ 817, 1273, 1278 
sub unit ..................................................... 507 
Subordinated Level ................................... 861 
Subordinated Obligation ............. 865, 934, 944 
Subordinated Reference Entity .................. 865 
Subordination........................... 834, 934, 1317 
Subsidiary ................................................. 497 
Substitute .......................................... 498, 551 
Substitute Asset ...............................538, 1251 
Substitute Assets ....................................... 538 
Substitute Index Level ............................... 579 
Substitute or Successor Rate Event ...563, 1258 
Substitute Reference Obligation ........ 865, 944 
Substitution Date ....................................... 865 
Substitution Event ..................................... 865 
Substitution Event Date ..................... 866, 945 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount ... 866, 
945 
succeeded ................................................. 867 
Succeeding Determination .............. 1780, 1812 
succession ................................................. 867 
Succession Date ........................................ 867 
Succession Event ...................................... 945 
Succession Event Backstop Date .. 95, 246, 945 
Succession Event Notice ........................... 945 
Succession Event Resolution Request Date 946 
successor .................................................. 245 
Successor .......................................... 866, 946 
Successor Backstop Date .............. 95, 246, 867 
successor corporation ................................ 497 
Successor Currency ........................... 635, 639 
Successor Dividend Futures Contract......... 648 
Successor Index .. 572, 581, 584, 586, 642, 643 
Successor Notice ....................................... 867 
Successor Reference Entity ....................... 961 
Successor Resolution Request Date ........... 867 
SUGEVAL ............................................... 293 
Sum ........................................................ 1214 
SumAIA ........................................... 74, 1241 
Supplement [No. [●]] .............................. 1947 
Supplement [to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars ............................................... 1638 
Supplement [to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars] [No. [●] ................................ 1984 
Supplement [to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars] No. [⚫] ................................. 1638 
Supplement [to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars] No. [●] ................................. 1984 
Supplement [to the Current Base Prospectus]
 ................................................................. 227 
Supplement [to the Current Base Prospectus] 
[No.[⚫] ..................................................... 234 
Supplement [to the Current Base Prospectus] 
No. [⚫] ..................................................... 234 
Supplement [to the Original Base Listing 
Particulars].............................................. 1984 
Supplement [to the Original Base Listing 
Particulars] [No. [●]] ............................... 1985 
Supplement [to the Original Base Listing 
Particulars] No. [].................................... 1637

--- Page 2093 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2067 
 
Supplement [to the Original Base Listing 
Particulars] No. [●] ........................ 1984, 1985 
Supplement No. [●] ................................. 1947 
Supplement to the Original Base Prospectus 
No.1 .................................................. 227, 234 
Supplement to the Original Base Prospectus 
No.2 .................................................. 227, 234 
Supplement to the Original Base Prospectus 
No.3 .................................................. 227, 234 
Supplement to the Original Base Prospectus 
No.5 .................................................. 227, 234 
Supplement to the Original Base Prospectus 
No.6 .................................................. 227, 234 
Supplement(s) ......................................... 1947 
Supplement(s) to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars) .............................................. 1984 
Supplement(s) to the Original Base Listing 
Particulars ..................................... 1984, 1985 
Supplements .................................. 1322, 1637 
Supplements to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars ............................................... 1638 
Supplements to the Current Base Prospectus
 ................................................................. 234 
Supplements to the Current Base Prospectus)
 ................................................................. 227 
Supplements to the Original Base Listing 
Particulars ............................................... 1637 
Supplements to the Original Base Prospectus
 ......................................................... 227, 234 
Supranational Organization ........................ 947 
Surviving Reference Entity Count .............. 773 
Swap Calculation Agent ...................... 86, 745 
Swap Counterparty .................................... 967 
Swap Transaction .................................... 1154 
Swaption Adjustment Event ....................... 868 
Swaption Administrator/Benchmark Event . 868 
Swaption Benchmark ................................. 868 
Swaption 
Benchmark 
Modification 
or 
Cessation Event ......................................... 868 
Swaption Buyer ......................................... 868 
Swaption Disruption Event ........................ 868 
Swaption Interest Amount ......................... 868 
Swaption Interest Amount Payment Date ... 868 
Swaption Seller ......................................... 868 
Swedish Agency Agreement ...................... 440 
Swedish CSD Rules ................................... 440 
Swedish Indirect Securityholder ................. 481 
Swedish Krona .......................................... xiv 
Swedish Securities ............................... vii, 439 
Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent
 ................................................................. 440 
Swedish Securities Register ............... 259, 442 
Switcher Option....................................... 1222 
Synthetic Dividend ..................................... 32 
Synthetic Forward Interest Rate ............... 1204 
Synthetic Forward Rate Securities ............ 1204 
Synthetic Forward Rate Securities Provisions
 ............................................................... 1204 
t ........................................... 1024, 1101, 1127 
T2 ..................................................... 507, 519 
T2 Business Day ....................................... 507 
T2 Settlement Day ............................ 868, 947 
TAI ......................................................... 1216 
Taiwan 
Compliance 
Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings ............. 322, 989 
Target Dividend .................................. 40, 600 
TARGET2 Settlement Day ........................ 519 
TARN MER Condition ........................... 1237 
Tax Disruption ........................... 584, 593, 642 
Tax Reform ............................................... 383 
taxable disposition .................................... 328 
Taxes ................................................ 212, 524 
TCA ......................................................... 383 
TDt ........................................................... 600 
Tender Offer ...................... 604, 614, 621, 656 
Termination Cut-off Date .................525, 1281 
Terms and Conditions ....................... 437, 513 
the 2024 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1
 ................................................................. 174 
the Issuer .................................................. 512 
Threshold Percentage .......................... 87, 968 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation.................. 868 
TLAC .................................... 190, 1321, 1635 
Total Accreted Amount ..................... 111, 680 
Total Actual Interest ................................ 1216 
Total Redemption Reserve ...................... 1213 
Total Reserve Coupon ............................. 1213 
Trade Date ............................. 525, 1146, 1269 
Trading Disruption .................................... 593 
Trading Suspension ................................... 635 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation .......... 869 
Tranche .................................... 226, 437, 1948 
Tranche [●] .................................... 1948, 1985 
Tranche Size ............................................. 869 
Transaction ................. 1154, 2029, 2033, 2037 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms869, 947 
Transaction Type .............................. 869, 947 
Transactions ............................................... xvi 
Transfer ............................................ 302, 982 
Transfer Agent .......................................... 438 
Transfer Notice ................................. 302, 982 
Transfer Taxes .......................................... 374 
Transferable ...................................... 806, 919 
Transferable 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics .......................................... 847 
Transferee Undertaking ..................... 302, 982 
TRC(A) .................................................... 1213 
TRC(n-1) ................................................... 1213 
TRC(N-1) .................................................. 1213 
TRCn ...................................................... 1213 
Treaty ................................................ xiv, 503 
Trigger Event .......................................... 1191 
Trigger Event Date .................................. 1192 
Trigger Event(i) ...................................... 1192 
Trigger Level(i)....................................... 1192 
Trigger Notice ........................................... 968 
Trigger Percentage .................................... 870 
TRR(n-1) ................................................... 1213 
TRRn ...................................................... 1213 
trust ........................................... 313, 988, 991

--- Page 2094 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2068 
 
TUIR ......................................................... 384 
U ....................... 1101, 1399, 1512, 1720, 1831 
U.S. ........................................................... 126 
U.S. dividend-linked payments .................. 346 
U.S. dollars ............................................... xiv 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day
 ..................................................... 1164, 1234 
U.S. Holder ............................................... 326 
U.S. Issuer ................................................. 341 
U.S. person ................................................ 525 
U.S. Special Resolution Regime......... 510, 556 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes ................ 15 
U.S.$ ......................................................... xiv 
U.S.C. ............................................... 510, 557 
UAE ................................................... xix, 323 
UCL Adjustment ..................................... 1193 
UCL Denominator ................................... 1193 
UCL Numerator....................................... 1193 
UCLt ......................................................... 600 
UCLt-1 ....................................................... 600 
UK .............. 870, 948, 1318, 1633, 1943, 1980 
UK Benchmarks Regulation........................ 57 
UK CRA Regulation ......... 9, 1561, 1562, 1563 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ....... xix 
UK PRIIPs Regulationxv, 1318, 1633, 1943, 
1980 
UK Prospectus Regulationxv, 287, 1318, 1633, 
1634, 1943, 1980, 1984 
UK Register ............................................... 57 
Ukraine Reference Entity ........................... 870 
Unassignable Obligations .................. 759, 893 
Undeliverable Assets ......................... 766, 870 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation 760, 895 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations ....... 948 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount
 ................................................................. 870 
Undeliverable Loan Obligations ......... 758, 893 
Undeliverable Obligations ......................... 892 
Undeliverable Participations .............. 759, 893 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation760, 
870, 
948 
Underlyers ................................................. 318 
Underlying ..................... 6, 7, 525, 1146, 1269 
Underlying Amount ................................. 1282 
Underlying Closing Level569, 576, 579, 584, 
593, 598, 599, 609, 618, 627, 633, 638, 642, 
647, 651, 654, 974, 1146, 1270 
Underlying Currency ............................... 1276 
Underlying Finance Instrument .................. 871 
Underlying Level569, 584, 593, 598, 609, 618, 
633, 638, 643, 647, 654, 974, 1146, 1270 
Underlying Linked Securities ................. ii, 438 
Underlying Loan ....................................... 871 
Underlying Obligation ..............871, 940, 1317 
Underlying Obligor .......... 871, 940, 948, 1317 
Underlying Performance ................ 1273, 1278 
Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions ....... 1257 
Underlying Return ................................... 1024 
Underlying Return (Final) ........................ 1106 
Underlying RMB Disruption Event .......... 1301 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity .................... 1301 
Underlying RMB Inconvertibility ............ 1302 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability ..... 1302 
Underlying RMB Settlement Centre(s) .... 1302 
Underlying Schedule .......436, 511, 1146, 1270 
Underlying Schedules ....................... 436, 511 
Underlying Securities ................................ 345 
Underlying Share ...................................... 608 
Underlying Share Company....................... 608 
Underlying Share Currency ....................... 600 
Underlying Share Event ............................ 615 
Underlying Share Exchange ...................... 608 
Underlying Share Exchange Business Day . 608 
Underlying Share Related Exchange .......... 608 
Underlyings .............................................. 525 
unit ........................................................... 493 
United States ............................................. 525 
Universal Successor ............. 95, 246, 867, 871 
Unlimited Share ........................................ 203 
Unlimited Shareholder .............................. 203 
Unscheduled Holiday ................................ 638 
Unwind Costs ................................... 871, 948 
Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level ...................................................... 1065 
Upper MER Barrier Level ....................... 1065 
Upper Range ........................................... 1188 
Upper Range 1 ........................................ 1188 
Upper Range 2 ........................................ 1188 
Upper Range 3 ........................................ 1188 
Upper Strike................................... 1273, 1277 
USBD ............................................ 1164, 1234 
USBDx .................................................... 1163 
USD ................................................. 471, 638 
USD SOFR Swap Rate ............................ 1174 
USRPHC .................................................. 326 
USRPI ...................................................... 347 
UTPR ......................................................... 29 
V% ......................................................... 1181 
Valid Date ..................................... 1146, 1270 
Valid Restructure Rate Request Business Day
 ............................................................... 1221 
Valuation and Settlement Condition1147, 1270 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule437, 
513, 
992 
Valuation Date 761, 871, 895, 948, 1270, 1277 
Valuation Method .............. 761, 872, 895, 949 
Valuation Obligation ......................... 872, 950 
Valuation Obligations ............................... 674 
Valuation Period ..................................... 1290 
Valuation Postponement ............................ 638 
Valuation Roll ................................ 1147, 1271 
Valuation Time569, 575, 584, 585, 598, 609, 
618, 638, 647, 651, 654, 761, 872, 896, 950, 
974, 1147, 1271 
Variable Rate Securities .......................... 1132 
VAT ......................................................... 415 
VAT Act ................................................... 415 
Venezuela Reference Entity....................... 873 
Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity ....... 873 
Venezuelan Order ..................................... 873

--- Page 2095 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2069 
 
Vienna MTF ................................................ iv 
Volatility Bond Interest Rate .................... 1200 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 ............................. 1203 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 Interest Participation 
Rate......................................................... 1203 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 Margin ................. 1203 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 ............................. 1203 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 Interest Participation 
Rate......................................................... 1203 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 Margin ................. 1204 
Volatility Bond Reference Rate ................ 1201 
Volatility Bond Securities ........................ 1200 
Volatility Bond Securities Provisions ....... 1200 
voting power ............................................. 497 
Voting Shares .................................... 873, 950 
VRDIs ....................................................... 330 
Warrant ..................................................... 325 
Warrant Agents ......................................... 512 
Warrantholder ................................... 260, 515 
Warrants............................. 5, 512, 1983, 2041 
Warrants/Certificates ............................... 1946 
WEC Agency Agreement........................... 512 
WEC Dealership Agreement ...................... 271 
WEC General Conditions........................... 512 
Weighted Average Final Price ................... 873 
weighted basket observation ...................... 241 
Weighting ................................................. 525 
White List ................................................. 387 
WHT ......................................................... 411 
Wn ....................................... 1026, 1055, 1107 
Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date ..... 1101 
Worst Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date .. 1022 
worst of basket observation ....................... 241 
Written Decision ....................................... 482 
Written Decision Date ............................... 484 
x ........................... 843, 844, 1160, 1190, 1207 
X ................................................... 1027, 1108 
X Percentage ............................................. 569 
y .....................................455, 456, 1160, 1207 
Y1 .................................................. 1227, 1228 
Y2 .................................................. 1227, 1228 
Yen ............................................................ xiv 
your currency .............................................. 22 
z ....................................................... 874, 875 
Z ............................................................. 1192 
ZCRP........................................................ 875 
ZCRP Percentage ...................................... 875 
Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)455, 456, 
873 
Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount....... 873 
Zero Coupon Calculation Period455, 457, 874, 
875 
Zero Coupon Determination Period455, 
457, 
875 
Zero Coupon Percentage ........................... 875 
Zero Coupon Redemption Percentage ........ 875 
Zero Coupon Reference Price .................... 875 
Zero Coupon Securities ........................... 1226

--- Page 2096 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
2070 
 
SECTION J – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
 
THE ISSUERS OF NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
 
Citigroup Inc. 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
Registered Office: 
31, Z.A. Bourmicht 
L-8070 Bertrange 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
THE GUARANTOR IN RESPECT OF NOTES AND CERTIFICATES ISSUED BY 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
 
Citigroup Inc. 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
 
THE GUARANTOR IN RESPECT OF NOTES AND CERTIFICATES ISSUED BY 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Registered Office: 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AGENT AND FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, 
AUTHENTICATION AGENT, EXCHANGE AGENT AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE 
APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) CALCULATION AGENT  
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
 
Citibank Europe plc (Germany Branch) 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 2097 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
2071 
 
TRANSFER AGENT, CERTIFICATE AGENT AND FRENCH SECURITIES ISSUING AND 
PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay  
Dublin 1, DO1 T871 
Ireland 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) 
CALCULATION AGENT 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
 
DEALER 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
390 Greenwich Street, 3rd Floor 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
 
DEALER 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Börsenplatz 7-11 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 2098 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
2072 
 
WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
 
THE ISSUERS OF WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A. 
 
 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
Registered Office: 
31, Z.A. Bourmicht 
L-8070 Bertrange 
Luxembourg 
 
THE GUARANTOR IN RESPECT OF WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
ISSUED BY CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
PRINCIPAL WARRANT AGENT AND NEW YORK WARRANT AGENT 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1, DO1 T871 
Ireland  
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe PLC, Germany Branch  
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
AUTHENTICATION AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS IN RESPECT OF WARRANTS AND EXERCISABLE CERTIFICATES 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Börsenplatz 7-11 
60313 Frankfurt am Main

--- Page 2099 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
2073 
 
Germany 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc  
388 Greenwich Street 
Tower Building 
New York, NY 10013 
United States

--- Page 2100 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
2074 
 
ADVISORS 
 
AUDITORS TO CITIGROUP INC. AND CGMHI 
 
KPMG LLP 
345 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10154 
United States 
 
AUDITORS TO CGMFL 
 
KPMG Luxembourg Société Coopérative 
39, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS TO CGML 
 
KPMG LLP 
15 Canada Square 
London E14 5GL 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS AS TO ENGLISH LAW 
 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London, E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS AS TO LUXEMBOURG LAW 
 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling SCS 
Société en commandite simple (inscrite au barreau de Luxembourg) 
5 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L 1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS AS TO GERMAN LAW 
 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
Frankfurt Haus am OpernTurm  
Bockenheimer  
Landstraße 2  
60306 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS AS TO UNITED STATES LAW 
 
Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 
450 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
United States 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS AS TO IRISH LAW 
 
A&L Goodbody LLP 
3 Dublin Landings 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1, D01 C4E0

--- Page 2101 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
2075 
 
Ireland 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland