--- Page 1 ---
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
 
Citycon Treasury B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands) 
Citycon Oyj 
(incorporated with limited liability in Finland) 
€2,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Citycon Oyj in the case of Notes issued by Citycon 
Treasury B.V. 
 
Under this €2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Citycon Treasury B.V. 
(Citycon Treasury) or Citycon Oyj (the Parent and, together with Citycon Treasury, the Issuers and each 
an Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The payments of all amounts owing in respect of Notes issued by Citycon Treasury (Guaranteed Notes) 
will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Parent (in such capacity, the Guarantor). 
Notes may be issued in bearer form, registered form or uncertificated book entry form cleared through the 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ASA (the Euronext VPS) (respectively 
Bearer Notes, Registered Notes and VPS Notes).  The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes 
from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase 
as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of 
the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers 
(each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis.  References in this offering circular (the Offering Circular) to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case 
of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing 
to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these 
risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in the circumstances where 
an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
The obligation to supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid. 
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  The Central Bank of Ireland 
only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to 
Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (the Regulated Market)

--- Page 2 ---
or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU and/or that are to be offered to 
the public in any member state of the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) 
for Notes (other than Exempt Notes (as defined below)) issued under the Programme during the period of 
12 months from the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and 
trading on the Regulated Market.  References in this Offering Circular to the Notes being listed (and all 
related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined 
below), the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated Market.  VPS Notes 
may be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated market and, in this case, listed (and all related 
references) shall be construed accordingly. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other 
than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The requirement to publish a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as defined below) (the UK Prospectus Regulation) only applies 
to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the UK and/or offered to the public 
in the UK other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 3 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. References in this Offering Circular to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(as amended, the FSMA).  The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information 
contained in this Offering Circular in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”) of 
Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document 
(the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland or The Financial Supervisory 
Authority of Norway and, where listed, Euronext Dublin or the Oslo Stock Exchange. 
In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in 
respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche 
will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the Pricing Supplement). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes) and the relevant Dealer.  The relevant Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or 
Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, 
or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless 
an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with 
all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Parent has been rated BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Sweden Branch 
(S&P), Baa3 (stable outlook) by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. (Moody’s) and BBB- (stable outlook) by 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch). S&P and Fitch are established in the EEA and are registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).  Moody’s is established in the UK 
and is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). Moody’s is not registered in the EEA and, accordingly, 
any ratings assigned to the Notes by Moody’s will be endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Each of S&P, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and Fitch is established 
in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.  As such, each of S&P, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH

--- Page 3 ---
and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Neither S&P nor Fitch is registered in the UK. Any ratings 
assigned to the Notes by S&P or Fitch will be endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited or Fitch Ratings 
Limited, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Each of S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by either of the rating agencies referred to 
above.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Parent or the Guarantor (as applicable) by the relevant rating agency.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
 
Arranger 
 
NORDEA 
 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS 
DANSKE BANK 
NORDEA 
SEB 
CITIGROUP 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
OP CORPORATE BANK 
SWEDBANK 
 
 
 
The date of this Offering Circular is 24 June 2021.

--- Page 4 ---
i 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  When used 
in this Offering Circular, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Offering Circular and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To 
the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor the information contained in this 
Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import 
of such information. 
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Offering Circular 
shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Offering Circular. Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this 
Offering Circular refers does not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have independently verified the information 
contained herein.  Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is 
made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other 
information provided by the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor in 
connection with the Programme.  No Dealer or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or any other 
information provided by the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor in 
connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers or the Trustee 
to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this 
Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers or the Trustee 
that any recipient of this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any 
Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its 
own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) 
the Guarantor.  Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee 
to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuers or the Guarantor 
is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same.  The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition

--- Page 5 ---
ii 
or affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor 
in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of (a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (c) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii)  
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes, or in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement, may include a legend entitled “MiFID II 
Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes, or in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement, may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance

--- Page 6 ---
iii 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in respect of any Exempt Notes), all Notes issued or to be issued under 
the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  
The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), the Dealers and 
the Trustee represents that this Offering Circular may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be 
lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating 
any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by any of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Offering Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the 
offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including, for these purposes, The Netherlands, 
Finland, Sweden, Belgium and Norway), the UK, Singapore and Japan; see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Offering Circular has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in circumstances where there is an 
exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  As a result, any 
offer of Notes in any member state of the EEA (each a Member State) must be made pursuant to an 
exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus 
for offers of Notes.  Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes in that relevant 
Member State may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of 
the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
in each case, in relation to such offer.  None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) nor any Dealer has authorised, nor does it authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 7 ---
iv 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Offering Circular relating to Citycon Treasury 
has been derived from the audited financial statements of Citycon Treasury for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020 (the Citycon Treasury Financial Statements).   
Citycon Treasury’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Offering Circular to any 
specific year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Citycon Treasury 
Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with Title 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and 
the firm pronouncements in the Guidelines for Annual Reporting in The Netherlands as issued by the Dutch 
Accounting Standards Board. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Offering Circular relating to the Parent has 
been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Parent for the financial years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and the unaudited interim financial statements for the three 
months ended 31 March 2021 (together, the Parent Financial Statements). 
The Parent’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Offering Circular to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Parent Financial Statements have 
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Offering Circular will 
have the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes” or, 
in relation to VPS Notes, “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” or any other section of this Offering 
Circular. 
In addition, the following terms as used in this Offering Circular have the meanings defined below: 
• 
euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended; 
• 
Swedish krona or SEK refer to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden; 
• 
Norwegian krone or NOK refer to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Norway; and 
• 
Danish krone or DKK refer to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Denmark. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
References to Citycon or the Guarantor or the Parent are to Citycon Oyj.  References to the Group are 
to Citycon Oyj and its Subsidiaries.  
References to Citycon Treasury are to Citycon Treasury B.V.  
Certain figures and percentages included in this Offering Circular have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly 
and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which 
precede them.

--- Page 8 ---
v 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR and/or NIBOR as specified in the applicable Final Terms or applicable 
Pricing Supplement (in the case of Exempt Notes). As at the date of this Offering Circular, European Money 
Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR), Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS (as 
administrator of CIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser (as administrator of NIBOR) are included in 
ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the 
Benchmarks Regulation), whereas the administrators of STIBOR is not included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as Citycon Treasury or the Parent, 
as applicable, is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (as administrator of STIBOR) is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence). 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Offering Circular may be deemed to be forward looking statements.  Forward-
looking statements include statements concerning Citycon Treasury’s or the Parent’s, as applicable, , plans, 
objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these 
forward-looking statements.  When used in this Offering Circular, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, 
“expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “should” and any similar 
expressions generally identify forward looking statements.  These forward-looking statements are contained 
in the sections entitled “Risk Factors”, “Description of Citycon Treasury” and “Description of the Parent”

--- Page 9 ---
vi 
and other sections of this Offering Circular.  Citycon Treasury or the Parent, as applicable, have based these 
forward-looking statements on the current view of their management with respect to future events and 
financial performance.  Although each of Citycon Treasury or the Parent, as applicable, each believes that 
the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of 
the date of this Offering Circular, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those 
identified below or which Citycon Treasury or the Parent, as applicable, has otherwise identified in this 
Offering Circular, or if any of Citycon Treasury’s or the Parent’s, as applicable, underlying assumptions 
prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, Citycon Treasury’s or the Parent’s, as applicable, actual results of 
operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section 
titled “Risk Factors” in this Offering Circular including the following:  economic fluctuations and economic 
development; the impact of the Coronavirus (as defined below) pandemic; the UK’s withdrawal from the 
European Union; the negative impact of increasing internet commerce; property portfolio concentration 
and dependency upon retail sales; the increased competition in the real estate market; the construction of 
new retail premises increasing competition for tenants; the objectivity of property valuation statements; the 
decreasing private consumption and decreasing demand for retail premises; the impact of competition 
regulations; changes in tax laws and international financial reporting standards; the ability to successfully 
accomplish Citycon’s (re)development projects; exposure to its largest tenants; operational activities costs; 
risks related terrorist attacks; the successful integration of new business; the ability to secure sufficient 
funds from other members of the Group; risks related to joint ventures; the ability to execute disposals; 
extension of lease agreements and the terms of the lease agreements; limits on competition and rents levels 
as a result of market-share concentration in the grocery retail market; expansion of Citycon’s business into 
new geographical areas; the ability to acquire required services; Citycon’s exposure to environmental 
liabilities; effects of climate change; dependence on the management and key personnel; insurance 
coverage; reputational damage; regulatory and legal risks; credit losses; the ability to meet long term 
financial targets; Citycon’s ability to refinance certain financing arrangements; the ability to secure 
financing; the exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and exchange rates; counterparty risks; and 
modifications, waivers and substitution of the Notes. 
Any forward-looking statements contained in this Offering Circular speak only as at the date of this Offering 
Circular.  Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, each of Citycon 
Treasury or the Parent, as applicable, expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after 
the date of this Offering Circular any updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained in 
it to reflect any change in expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any 
such forward looking statement is based. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  
However stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ......................................................................................................................... 1 
Risk Factors .................................................................................................................................................. 9 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ....................................................................................................... 34 
Form of the Notes ....................................................................................................................................... 37 
Applicable Final Terms ............................................................................................................................... 41 
Applicable Pricing Supplement .................................................................................................................. 55 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes ................................................................... 70 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes .................................................................................................. 111 
Use of Proceeds......................................................................................................................................... 147 
Description of Citycon Treasury ............................................................................................................... 148 
Description of the Parent .......................................................................................................................... 150 
Directors, Corporate Governance and Management of the Parent ........................................................... 163 
Citycon’s Property Portfolio in Brief and Investments, Divestments and Development Projects ............ 170 
Taxation .................................................................................................................................................... 182 
Subscription and Sale ................................................................................................................................ 190 
General Information .................................................................................................................................. 196

--- Page 11 ---
1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).  The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and any relevant 
Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and 
Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, and if appropriate, a new 
Offering Circular or a supplement to the Offering Circular, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the 
VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
Citycon Treasury: 
Citycon Treasury B.V. 
Citycon Treasury Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300WAE0CGQ0IE1H63 
Parent: 
Citycon Oyj 
Parent Entity Identifier (LEI) 
549300P8N0P6KDGTJ206 
Guarantor (with respect to Guaranteed Notes 
issued by Citycon Treasury B.V.):  
Citycon Oyj 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the 
relevant Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme.  There 
are also certain factors that may affect the 
Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Guarantee.  In addition, there are certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme.  All of these are set out under “Risk 
Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche 
Bank Aktiengesellschaft, OP Corporate Bank plc, 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), 
Swedbank AB (publ) and any other Dealers 
appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements

--- Page 12 ---
2 
apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Offering Circular: 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, 
if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (FSMA) unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, 
see “Subscription and Sale.” 
Trustee (in respect of Notes other than the VPS 
Notes): 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Principal Paying Agent (in respect of Notes other 
than the VPS Notes): 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
VPS Agent: 
Danske Bank A/S 
VPS Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Programme Size: 
Up to €2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies 
calculated 
as 
described 
in 
the 
Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time.  
The Issuers and the Guarantor may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, notes may be denominated in any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes)

--- Page 13 ---
3 
the Guarantor, as applicable, or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully paid basis and at an 
issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered 
form or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated 
book entry form, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical 
note or document of title.  Entitlements to VPS 
Notes will be evidenced by the crediting of VPS 
Notes to accounts with Euronext VPS.  VPS Notes 
will not be exchangeable for Notes in bearer or 
registered form and vice versa.  See “Form of the 
Notes” below.   
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates 
as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and the 
relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate 
determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under 
a notional interest rate swap transaction in 
the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions 
(as 
published 
by 
the 
International 
Swaps 
and 
Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); 
or 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to the issue by the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction, as may be agreed between the relevant

--- Page 14 ---
4 
Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) and the relevant Dealer.  
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate 
will be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and the 
relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both.  If 
Floating Rate Notes provide for a Rate of Interest 
(or any component thereof) to be determined by 
reference to a reference rate and the relevant Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event in respect of 
such reference rate has occurred, then the relevant 
Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 
5.2(c) of the Terms and conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes and Condition 4.2(c) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes) to 
determine a successor rate or alternative reference 
rate for use in place of the original reference rate 
and to determine an adjustment spread. If the 
Independent Adviser fails to determine a successor 
rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable), 
then the Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
reference to the original reference rate and the 
fallback provisions set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as 
applicable. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The relevant Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer 
and (where applicable) the Trustee that Exempt 
Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which 
event the relevant provisions will be included in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot 
be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons, following an Event of 
Default or following the occurrence of a Change of 
Control Put Event) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer  
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the relevant Issuer on a date or dates

--- Page 15 ---
5 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price 
or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes) and the relevant Dealer. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may 
be subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution, see “Certain Restrictions—Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above.   
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as 
may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and the 
relevant 
Dealer 
save 
that 
the 
minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions—
Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above, and save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note (other than an Exempt Note) will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding 
taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided 
in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than the VPS Notes and Condition 7 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes.  In the 
event that any such deduction is made, the relevant 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will, 
save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than the VPS Notes and Condition 7 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative 
pledge provision as further described in Condition 
4.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than the VPS Notes and Condition 3.1 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Financial Covenants: 
The terms of the Notes will contain certain financial 
covenants as further described in Condition 4.2 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
the VPS Notes and Condition 3.2 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 10 of

--- Page 16 ---
6 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
the VPS Notes and Condition 9 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than the VPS Notes and Condition 3.1 
of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes) 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer, and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and (save 
for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
relevant Issuer, as applicable, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Guarantee: 
Guaranteed Notes issued by Citycon Treasury will 
be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
the Guarantor.  The obligations of the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee will constitute direct, 
unconditional and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than the VPS Notes and Condition 3.1 
of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and will 
rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Guarantor from time to time outstanding. 
The Guarantor’s obligations in respect of the 
Guaranteed Notes issued by Citycon Treasury are 
contained in (i) in the case of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes, the Trust Deed and, (ii) in the case of 
the VPS Notes, a Deed of Guarantee dated 24 June 
2021 (the Guarantee). 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may 
be rated or unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is 
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable 
Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes).  A security rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
Applications may be made to list VPS Notes and 
admit the VPS Notes to trading on the regulated 
market of the Oslo Stock Exchange.  Any such

--- Page 17 ---
7 
applications will be in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations governing the listing of VPS 
Notes on the Oslo Stock Exchange from time to 
time.   
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets agreed between the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on 
any market may also be issued.   
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will state 
whether or not the relevant Notes are to be VPS 
Notes or not and whether such Notes are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes (other than the VPS Notes) and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
The VPS Notes (save for Conditions 1, 10, 13, and 
14 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes) 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with such Notes will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law.  Conditions 1, 10, 13, and 14 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes will be 
governed by and construed in accordance with 
Norwegian law.   
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 
2019 no. 6 (the CSD Act) which implements 
Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 (CSDR) into 
Norwegian law, and, to the extent applicable, the 
Norwegian Securities Register Act of 5 July 2002 
no. 64 (the VPS Act), as amended or replaced from 
time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be 
entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations 
and liabilities which arise under these acts and any 
related regulations and legislation.  From 1 January 
2020, the VPS Act has been repealed and replaced 
by the CSD Act, which implements CSDR into 
Norwegian law. However, transitional rules have 
been passed to allow Euronext VPS to operate 
under the old rules in the VPS Act until such time 
when Euronext VPS has been authorised as a 
central securities depository (CSD) under the CSD 
Act and CSDR.

--- Page 18 ---
8 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer 
of the Notes in the United States, the EEA 
(including, for these purposes, The Netherlands, 
Norway, Sweden, Belgium and Finland), the UK, 
Singapore and Japan and such other restrictions as 
may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2.  TEFRA C or D/TEFRA 
not applicable, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 19 ---
9 
RISK FACTORS 
Before making an investment decision, prospective investors should carefully review the specific risk 
factors described below, in addition to the other information contained in this Offering Circular.  Citycon 
Treasury and the Parent believe that the following factors may affect Citycon Treasury’s and the Parent’s 
ability to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes or the Guarantee.  Most of these factors are 
contingencies which may or may not occur.  Citycon’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations could be materially affected by each of these risks presented.  Also other risks and uncertainties 
not described herein could affect Citycon Treasury’s and the Parent’s ability to fulfil their respective 
obligations under the Notes or Guarantee.  Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to 
Citycon Treasury or the Parent, or that Citycon Treasury or the Parent currently believe are immaterial, 
could impair the ability of Citycon Treasury or the Parent to fulfil their respective obligations under the 
Notes or the ability of the Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee.  Certain other matters 
regarding the operations of the Parent and Citycon Treasury that should be considered before making an 
investment in the Notes are set out, in the sections “Description of the Parent” and “Description of Citycon 
Treasury”, amongst other places. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT CITYCON TREASURY’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE NOTES 
Citycon Treasury’s principal purpose is to provide funding to entities within the Group.  Therefore, Citycon 
Treasury’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes is entirely dependent on the Group’s financial 
performance.  Citycon Treasury is subject to all the risks to which the Guarantor is subject, to the extent 
that such risks could limit the Guarantor’s ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis its obligations under 
the relevant Guarantee. 
RISKS RELATING TO CITYCON’S OPERATING ENVIRONMENT 
Economic Fluctuations and Economic Development Have an Adverse Effect on the Real Estate Market and 
therefore on Citycon’s Business and Results of Operations. 
The real estate market, demand for retail and other premises, rent levels, occupancy rates, and tenants’ 
ability to pay the rent are significantly affected by economic fluctuations and developments, making them 
potential risks for Citycon.  The general economic trends and consumer confidence and behaviour in the 
Nordic countries and Estonia along with the economic impact on the fair values, occupancy rates and rent 
levels of the shopping centres could affect Citycon’s business operations. 
The business environment in Finland, Sweden, Estonia and Denmark was relatively unstable in 2020 due 
to the economic impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) (the Coronavirus) outbreak which was declared a 
global pandemic by the World Health Organisation in March 2020, however, the decline in gross domestic 
product in the Nordics was significantly less than in the euro area, with negative 2.8 per cent. in Finland, 
negative 0.8 per cent. in Norway, negative 2.8 per cent. in Sweden, negative 2.7 per cent. in Denmark and 
negative 2.9 per cent. in Estonia as compared to negative 6.6 per cent. in the euro area.1 In 2020, 
unemployment in the Nordics stood at 7.9 per cent. in Finland, 4.7 per cent. in Norway, 8.8 per cent. in 
Sweden, 6.1 per cent. in Denmark and 7.5 per cent. in Estonia as compared to 8.3 per cent. in the euro area. 
Inflation in the region was 0.4 per cent. in Finland, 1.4 per cent. in Norway, 0.6 per cent. in Sweden, 0.3 
per cent. in Denmark and negative 0.5 per cent. in Estonia as compared to negative 0.3 per cent. in the euro 
area.2 With respect to the effect of the Coronavirus pandemic on the economic performance of Citycon also 
refer to “—The Coronavirus implications, or an outbreak of other future pandemics or epidemics, in the 
Nordics could have an adverse impact on Citycon’s business and operating results”. 
 
1 Source: https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/tec00115/default/table?lang=en  
2 Source: SEB Nordic Outlook, European Commission, Eurostat, Statistics 
Finland/Norway/Sweden/Estonia/Denmark.

--- Page 20 ---
10 
Changes in national and local economies have an effect on the real estate market, and in particular on rent 
levels and occupancy rates.  More specifically, actual inflation has a direct effect on the rent levels.  Certain 
of Citycon’s leases are based on agreements whereby the rental rate is determined by (i) the base rent tied 
to a yearly rent revision which is based on an index, such as a cost-of-living index, or a percentage minimum 
increase, and (ii) the maintenance rent, which is separately charged to the lessee and is used to cover 
operating expenses incurred by the property owner relating to property maintenance.  Thus, the 
development of rental income levels is for the most part strongly dependent on inflation rate developments. 
A portion of Citycon’s lease agreements also contain a turnover-linked component in addition to base rent, 
while a small portion of Citycon’s other lease agreements are fully based on a tenant’s turnover.  At the end 
of 2020, leases which have a turnover-based component or which are fully based on a tenant’s turnover 
accounted for 66 per cent. of Citycon’s lease portfolio.  Reduction in a tenant’s sales would therefore to 
some extent directly reduce Citycon’s rental income.  Reduced tenant sales also reduce tenants’ willingness 
and ability to pay rent. 
Periods of weak economic growth or recession and unfavourable real estate market conditions could reduce 
demand for Citycon’s retail and other premises, occupancy rates and rent levels and result in decreased 
turnover-based rental income.  Even though retail trade has been reasonably stable in the Nordics in recent 
years, except for some tenant segments during the Coronavirus pandemic, there are many threats to the 
European and global economy that may change this development and, therefore, there are no guarantees 
that Citycon will be able to maintain the present high degree of occupancy and the rental rates of the 
properties owned by it.  The economic occupancy rate of Citycon’s portfolio was approximately 93.6 per 
cent. at the end of 2020 (95.5 per cent. at the end of 2019), when Citycon’s economic occupancy rate in 
Finland and Estonia was approximately 95.4 per cent., in Norway approximately 92.7 per cent. and in 
Sweden and Denmark approximately 92.4 per cent. The economic occupancy rate of Citycon’s portfolio 
was approximately 93.2 per cent. on 31 March 2021. Further, Citycon has some (re)development projects 
in progress and once these projects are completed, the leasable area within Citycon’s shopping centres will 
increase.  Planned leasing of the respective new retail premises is of primary importance to Citycon’s 
financial development and growth.  Adverse changes in rent levels, failures in renting new business 
premises or the loss of key tenants and subsequent decreases in occupancy rates could have a material 
adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
Increasing Online Retail May Have an Adverse Effect on Shopping Centre Sales and Decrease Demand for 
Commercial Retail Premises. 
The retail industry continues to transform as online retail grows and consumers increasingly shop online.  
In the Nordics, it is estimated that online sales accounted for around 12 per cent. of total retail sales in 2020 
and may grow further.  Although offline sales are expected to continue to account for a large majority of 
all retail sales, the growth of online and competitive retail schemes may affect customer behaviour and 
impact demand for commercial retail premises by new and existing tenants.  In particular, the concerns 
surrounding the public health impact of the Coronavirus pandemic may continue to adversely impact 
customers’ perception of shopping centres and an increasing number of customers may prefer online 
shopping to frequenting shopping centres even after Coronavirus-related restrictions have been lifted.  In 
addition, the increasing competition from online retail may also impact the investment needs of tenants and 
property owners who could start to invest more in stores and shopping centres, which could lead to higher 
pressure on margins.  Shopping centres will need to adapt their services and tenant offerings to meet 
changing consumer behaviour and demand to continue to attract customers.  Citycon aims to adapt its 
operations to the effects of increasing online retail by focusing on urban grocery- and necessity-anchored 
shopping centres in growing cities that increasingly offer cafés, restaurants and commercial and municipal 
services, as well as by utilising social media in daily operations.  A significant increase in online retail 
internet shopping could, however, decrease shopping centre sales and the demand for commercial retail 
premises, which could have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and 
financial condition.  The growth or perceived future growth of online retail may also impact investors’ 
willingness to invest in retail assets including shopping centres and in companies owning shopping centres.  
This may impact Citycon’s access to equity and debt financing.

--- Page 21 ---
11 
Increased Competition in the Real Estate Market May Have an Adverse Effect on Citycon’s Business and Its 
Growth Opportunities. 
The Nordic and Estonian real estate markets are characterised by increasing competition from international 
real estate investors.  Citycon expects new real estate investors to continue to enter these markets in the 
future.   
In addition, changes in the liquidity of Nordic real estate markets could have an impact on Citycon’s ability 
to execute its divestment plans.  In particular, poor liquidity in Nordic real estate markets may cause 
Citycon’s divestment plans to be delayed. 
Highly liquid real estate markets usually decrease yield requirements and increase real estate prices, 
whereas slow and illiquid markets usually increase yield requirements which leads to lower real estate 
prices.  In recent years, there has been relatively strong demand for prime properties while the demand for 
secondary properties has been weaker.3 In addition, the slow rate of planning approvals may have a limiting 
effect on the building of new retail properties or extensions of already existing retail properties.  This 
development, combined with the entry of new international investors on the local markets, may make it 
more challenging for Citycon to acquire new properties and could weaken Citycon’s market share and 
growth possibilities. 
Citycon aims to further improve its business and profits by redeveloping and expanding its current 
properties, by acquiring new shopping centres for further development and by carrying on active shopping 
centre management.  There are, however, no guarantees that Citycon will be able to maintain its market 
share and continue to benefit from its current position.  Increased competition in the Nordic and Estonian 
real estate markets could weaken Citycon’s position, market share and growth possibilities, which could in 
turn have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
The Fair Value of Citycon’s Investment Properties May Fluctuate. 
The fair value of investment properties, and market price levels are influenced by several factors, such as 
fluctuations in general and local economic conditions, interest rates, availability and cost of financing, 
inflation expectations, GDP growth, private consumption, market rent trends, vacancy rates, property 
investors’ yield requirements, property operating expenses, the relative attractiveness of other asset classes 
and competition. 
In addition, city planning and building projects, as well as changes in competitive dynamics, may influence 
the value of properties.  Citycon uses the fair value model in the valuation of its investment properties, 
whereupon fair value changes (i.e. fair value gains and losses) of investment properties are recognised in 
the statement of comprehensive income (IAS 40).  Additional information on the changes in the fair value 
of Citycon’s investment properties can be found in “Citycon’s Property Portfolio in Brief and Investments, 
Divestments and Development Projects”. 
Citycon recognised net fair value gains on its investment properties in each year from 2012 to 2016, but 
from 2017 to 2020 recognised fair value losses, including a loss of EUR 146.9 million in 2020, EUR 121.9 
million in 2019 and EUR 72.5 million in 2018. At the end of the first quarter of 2021, Citycon recognised 
a positive valuation change of EUR 8.5 million. Changes in the fair value of the investment properties 
impact Citycon’s statement of comprehensive income and statement of financial position of Citycon, but 
they do not have a direct effect on the cash flow statement.  Significant fair value losses of the investment 
properties could have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial 
condition. 
 
3 Source: https://www.jllsweden.se/content/dam/jll-com/documents/pdf/research/emea/sweden/en/jll-nordic-
outlook-spring-2021-updated.pdf; JLL Nordic City Report Spring 2019.

--- Page 22 ---
12 
Concentrated Property Portfolio and Dependency upon Retail Sales Expose Citycon to Local and Industry-Related 
Risks. 
In accordance with Citycon’s strategy, Citycon’s property portfolio is concentrated and consists almost 
entirely of mixed-use centres for urban living including retail, services and to an increasing degree also 
office space, municipal services, health care and housing, the majority of which are currently located in 
Finland, Sweden and Norway.  However, retail remains the dominant segment and Citycon’s largest tenant 
groups are grocery, fashion and specialty store chains, but also cafés and restaurants, banks and financial 
institutions and municipalities and other public administration tenants.  The fair value of Citycon’s 
investment properties totalled EUR 4,238.4 million on 31 March 2021 including right-of-use assets 
recognised as part of investment properties based on IFRS 16 requirements, with Finnish and Estonian 
properties accounting for 45.7 per cent., Norwegian properties accounting for 36.1 per cent. and Swedish 
and Danish properties accounting for 18.2 per cent. of the total fair value.  As Citycon’s current property 
portfolio is currently concentrated on retail properties in the major cities in Finland, Sweden and Norway, 
Citycon’s business depends heavily on the growth of retail trade in Finland, Sweden and Norway.  For 
economic risks related to Citycon’s business, please see “—Risks Relating to Citycon’s Operating 
Environment—Economic Fluctuations and Economic Development Have an Adverse Effect on the Real 
Estate Market and therefore to Citycon’s Business and Results of Operations”. 
Citycon’s high level of concentration in retail property and its dependency on the Finnish, Swedish, Danish, 
Estonian and Norwegian retail trade may have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of 
operations, and financial condition. 
The Construction of Shopping Centres and New Retail Premises May Increase Competition for Tenants and, 
Therefore, Negatively Affect Citycon’s Business. 
The construction of new shopping centres and other retail premises, especially in Finland and Estonia but 
also in other countries where Citycon operates, is likely to result in increased competition for tenants.  This 
may put pressure on rent levels and increase marketing costs incurred by real estate owners and managers, 
make it more challenging to attract and retain tenants at commercially satisfactory rental rates and increase 
the vacancy rate.  As a result, the need for tenant-specific alteration work and incentives to accommodate 
tenants’ needs may increase.  Any significant increase in marketing costs and tenant incentives and related 
investments, or the impact from difficulties in attracting and retaining suitable tenants, could have a material 
adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
Property Valuation Statements Are Inherently Subjective Assessments of External Property Appraisers. 
Real estate valuations are subjective assessments by external property appraisers that are influenced by a 
number of variables, assumptions, and methodologies that may result in the valuation being inaccurate.  In 
particular, uncertainties impacting valuation statements include, amongst other factors, the lack of liquidity 
of real estate assets, the availability of debt funding, the nature of each property, its location, the expected 
future rental income from that particular property and the valuation methodology used to assess that 
property’s value.  This is especially true when there are few or no comparison sales.  In addition, property 
appraisals are based on assumptions that may prove erroneous.  Property appraisers make certain 
assumptions on the future development of the real estate market, such as market yields and market rents.  
Since the first quarter of 2017, Citycon has measured internally the fair value of properties in the first and 
third quarter of each fiscal year, while an external property appraiser prepares the fair value valuation 
reports for all properties in the second and fourth quarter of each fiscal year.  When measuring internally 
the fair value of properties in the first and third quarter of each fiscal year Citycon prepares the valuation 
on the basis of management estimates and judgement on yields and market rent indications instead of using 
the valuations provided by the external appraiser.  Starting from the first quarter of 2021, properties under 
development have been evaluated by the external property appraisers only during the second and the fourth 
quarter of each fiscal year. During the first and the third quarter of each fiscal year, properties under 
development are evaluated internally by Citycon. Since 30 June 2017, property valuations and advisory 
regarding the property market, yields and market rents has been conducted by the global property specialist

--- Page 23 ---
13 
CBRE, with JLL starting to conduct the valuation for Citycon’s Finnish properties for the financial 
statements with respect to the quarter ended 31 December 2019. Since the first quarter of 2020, JLL has 
also conducted the valuation for Citycon’s Swedish properties. Any erroneous assumptions used as a basis 
for appraisals or deficient appraisals may result in such appraisals materially deviating from the market 
price of a property site and may thus have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of 
operations, and financial condition. 
Tenant Sales and Demand for Citycon’s Retail Premises May Be Adversely Affected by Decreasing Private 
Consumption. 
Private consumption has a material effect on the sales of Citycon’s tenants and, hence, on the demand for 
Citycon’s retail premises.  Growth in retail sales is mainly dependent on economic development, increases 
in household purchasing power and growth in consumer spending.  In 2020, retail sales grew in all the 
countries in which Citycon currently operates. In 2020, the growth rate of retail sales was 3.8 per cent. in 
Finland, 8.0 per cent. in Norway, 3.1 per cent. in Sweden, 4.0 per cent. in Estonia, and 3.5 per cent. in 
Denmark.4   
Weakness in the European economy may further decrease consumer confidence and reduce consumption.  
Should growth in private consumption slowdown in Citycon’s geographic markets, this could lead to 
decreased demand for retail premises.  Lower tenant demand may negatively affect the rental and occupancy 
levels in Citycon’s portfolio, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, 
results of operations, and financial condition. 
Possible Legislative Changes May Cause Unpredictable Adjustment Costs or Increased Tax Burden, and Possible 
Changes in the International Financial Reporting Standards May Affect Accounting Principles of Citycon’s 
Financial Statements. 
Citycon’s operations are regulated by the legislation of each country in which Citycon operates.  In addition, 
Citycon’s operations may be affected by regional or supranational regulations, such as European Union 
legislation.  Citycon’s management believes that Citycon complies in all material respects with legislative 
requirements and other regulations as at the date of this Offering Circular.  Legislation and other regulations 
may, however, change, and Citycon cannot guarantee that in such cases it would be able to comply, without 
significant measures and expenses, with the requirements of changed legislation or other regulations.  For 
example, changes in law and regulations, or in their interpretation and application, concerning property, 
land use, development and zoning may have a material impact on Citycon’s ability to acquire and 
(re)develop properties.  Changes in law and regulations concerning health, safety, stability requirements, 
tenants and rents, environmental protection, privacy, labour and taxation may have a material adverse effect 
on Citycon’s operations.  Additionally, environmentally oriented regulation and the industry best practices 
continue to increase in rigor and scope.  Such changes may adversely affect Citycon’s ability to use certain 
real estate assets as initially intended and could also cause Citycon to incur increased capital expenditure 
or running costs to ensure compliance with new or amended applicable laws or regulations, which may not 
be entirely offset by rental income. 
Tax law and regulations and their interpretation and application related to tax deductibility of interest 
expenses and taxation of capital gains, as well as the laws and regulations related to stamp duties on 
transactions may be subject to change in the countries in which Citycon operates.  Citycon monitors and 
analyses the impact of such changes as part of its normal operations.  Citycon’s taxable income is subject 
to uncertainty, and the final amount of taxes may deviate from the originally recorded amount.  If the final 
amount of Citycon’s taxes deviates from the originally recorded amounts, such differences may affect 
Citycon’s taxable profit for the relevant period, tax receivables or liabilities as well as deferred tax assets 
or liabilities.  Changes in capital gains taxation and in stamp duties may also impact the property markets 
and impede Citycon’s ability to complete non-core disposals.  As Citycon prepares its consolidated financial 
 
4 Sources: SEB Nordic Outlook, European Commission, Eurostat, Statistics Finland/Norway/Sweden/Estonia/ 
Denmark.

--- Page 24 ---
14 
statements in accordance with IFRS, changes in international accounting standards may affect Citycon’s 
accounting policies and, therefore, such changes may have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s results of 
operations for the financial period. 
Adapting Citycon’s operations to any of the changes described above may result in additional costs or 
increased tax burden for Citycon that are difficult to anticipate, which in turn may have a material adverse 
effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
Citycon May Be Affected by Competition Regulation and Authority Decisions in Relation to Executing Its 
(Re)development Projects. 
In Finland, Citycon is a market leader in the shopping centre business measured by leasable retail area and 
is currently the only major property investment company specialising in shopping centres.  Through the 
acquisition of Sektor Gruppen, Citycon entered the Norwegian market in 2015 and is the second largest 
shopping centre operator in Norway.  In Sweden, Citycon is one of the leading players in the shopping 
centre market. Citycon owns two of the largest shopping centres in Tallinn, Estonia making it a market 
leader in that city.  If Citycon were to acquire properties and increase its market share, it could become 
subject to increased scrutiny and challenges with regards to its compliance with competition regulations.  It 
is possible that competition authorities could rule that certain future acquisitions are anti-competitive, which 
may limit Citycon’s ability to further grow through acquisitions. 
Citycon has new (re)development projects under consideration.  All projects under consideration may 
change or be cancelled, for example due to circumstances relating to city planning and zoning.  Public 
authorities, such as municipality authorities, are empowered to develop plans for the use of land.  
Development projects require close contacts with those authorities.  Citycon’s business depends on 
cooperation with authorities empowered with regulatory responsibility relating to Citycon’s business.  
Adverse proceedings with authorities could have a material adverse effect on the possibility to start 
development projects, or on the progress of the development projects and therefore on Citycon’s business, 
results of operations, and financial condition. 
The UK’s Withdrawal from the European Union May Adversely Impact Citycon’s Business, Results of Operations 
and Financial Condition.  
On 31 January 2020, the UK withdrew from the European Union and a transitional period applied until 31 
December 2020 during which time European Union law continued to apply to the UK. On 24 December 
2020 the UK and the European Union agreed to a trade agreement (the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement), but there are still a number of areas of uncertainty in connection with the future of the UK 
and its relationship with the European Union and the application and interpretation of the Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement, and accordingly Brexit-related matters may take several years to be clarified and 
resolved. Given that the UK may still face barriers to trade and commerce with the European Union and 
may still lose its present rights to the global trade deals negotiated by the European Union on behalf of its 
members, which may in turn diminish overall economic activity between the UK and the European Union, 
and the UK and its global trade partners, it is currently impossible to determine the impact that Brexit, the 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement and the nature and extent of responses by the UK in the formulation of 
fiscal and monetary policies and any related matters may have on general economic conditions in the UK. 
It is also not possible to determine the impact that these matters will have on Citycon’s business. 
Due to the size and importance of the UK economy, and the uncertainty and unpredictability concerning 
the UK’s relationship with the European Union, there may continue to be instability in the market, 
significant currency fluctuations, and/or otherwise adverse effects on trading agreements for the foreseeable 
future.  Brexit may in the future cause certain adverse effects on European economic conditions and may 
have adverse effects on levels of economic activity in the countries in which Citycon operates.  Any of the 
foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and 
financial condition.

--- Page 25 ---
15 
RISKS RELATING TO CITYCON AND ITS BUSINESS 
Citycon’s (Re)development Projects May Fail. 
Citycon aims to further improve its operations and profits by (re)developing and refurbishing its existing 
properties.  Citycon’s property development projects are subject to the risks usually attributable to 
construction projects, which include:  (i) delays in construction work or other unforeseeable delays due to 
unforeseeable challenges, (ii) cost overruns, (iii) lack of demand for the new or (re)developed leased 
premises and (iv) planning and zoning risk.  Should any of Citycon’s significant (re)development projects 
prove to be unsuccessful, this may have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of 
operations, and financial condition. 
The Coronavirus Implications, or an Outbreak of Other Future Pandemics or Epidemics, in the Nordics Could 
Have an Adverse Impact on Citycon’s Business and Operating Results. 
The occurrence of pandemic or epidemic outbreaks such as the Coronavirus could materially and adversely 
affect Citycon’s property valuations, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, the 
outbreak of the Coronavirus and the measures implemented to prevent its spread has had, and may continue 
to have, an adverse impact on Citycon’s operating environment and performance.  Varying degrees of 
restrictive measures were imposed and governmental guidelines and recommendations were published 
during periods of 2020 and in early 2021 by each of the countries in which Citycon operates in an effort to 
reduce the infection rate and contain the outbreak. As a large proportion of Citycon's tenants operate in 
essential sectors, such as groceries and pharmacies, all of Citycon’s shopping centres have been at least 
partly open throughout the Coronavirus outbreak.  The restrictive measures have had the effect of generally 
reducing economic activity, changing consumer behaviour and encouraging retailers to focus on online 
sales, which together have negatively affected footfall and tenant sales, specifically in the food and 
beverage, fashion and leisure and entertainment sectors in most of Citycon's shopping centres. As a result, 
the occupancy rates, rent collection levels and, in some cases, rent levels of the shopping centres have been 
negatively affected due to the diminishing ability of the tenants to meet their payment obligations. Citycon 
granted pandemic-related rent discounts mainly at the beginning of the Coronavirus pandemic to cafes and 
restaurants and only to a limited degree in the second half of 2020 and in 2021. In 2020 the total amount of 
rental reliefs granted due to the Coronavirus pandemic was EUR 4.4 million, which were granted during 
the second quarter of 2020. The total amount of rental relief is accrued over the remaining contract period 
under IFRS, and accordingly the impact of such accruals was approximately EUR 1.6 million on the 2020 
full year results.   
While Citycon’s rent collection levels have remained stable (2020: 96 per cent.; first quarter of 2021: 92 
per cent.) and most of its tenants are open for business as of the date of this Offering Circular, the degree 
to which the Coronavirus pandemic affects Citycon’s property valuations, business, results of operations 
and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be 
predicted.    
If the pandemic continues to persist, social distancing and other measures intended to protect public health 
could be maintained for a prolonged period, especially if vaccination programmes proceed more slowly 
than currently expected. As a result, shopping centre footfall could be further negatively affected, which 
would be expected to materially and adversely affect the business and financial condition of Citycon’s 
tenants and, consequently, their ability to meet their payment obligations to Citycon.    
New and more restrictive measures could also be imposed as a result of a new wave of infections including 
due to mutated strains of the Coronavirus in the countries in which Citycon operates, as a result of which 
Citycon’s tenants may struggle further to meet their payment obligations or have to close their stores due 
to persistent lack of sales.  A material decrease in the rent that Citycon collects from its tenants as a result 
of prolonged public health measures in response to the Coronavirus pandemic or any future pandemic or 
epidemic would have a material adverse effect on the value of Citycon’s portfolio and its financial 
condition, business and results of operations.

--- Page 26 ---
16 
Citycon Has Exposures to Its Largest Tenants. 
Citycon’s largest tenants include international and local grocery, fashion and specialty chains, as well as 
restaurants, tenants from the banking and financing sectors and municipal and government tenants.  For the 
year ended 31 December 2020, approximately 17.4 per cent. of Citycon’s rental income was generated 
through lease agreements entered into with its five largest tenants:  Kesko Group, the S Group, Varner 
Group, ICA Group and COOP.  The largest individual tenant is the Kesko Group with its different business 
units and group companies; which together accounted for approximately 4.8 per cent. of Citycon’s rental 
income for the year ended 31 December 2020, whereas the four other aforementioned tenants together 
accounted for approximately 12.6 per cent. of Citycon’s rental income for the year ended 31 December 
2020.  The most important segment of the Kesko Group is grocery retail trade. 
The potential inability of Citycon to satisfy the needs of its key tenants leading to decreasing demand for 
retail space from such key tenants could have a material adverse effect on the occupancy rates and rental 
income of Citycon’s properties.  Changes in the key tenants’ business environment and behaviour, or the 
loss of rental income from one or more key tenants, could have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s 
business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
Increase in Construction Costs Could Have a Negative Effect on Citycon. 
As Citycon’s existing properties age, the cost of repairs could increase, and in accordance with its strategy, 
Citycon may make significant investments in (re)developing its ageing properties.  Such costs could be 
higher than Citycon’s expectations, and the rent charged to tenants may not cover Citycon’s costs, which 
could result in Citycon making a loss on the property. 
In recent years, the construction industry has experienced an increase in the costs of construction and 
construction materials.  Increases in construction costs could make certain projects of Citycon too expensive 
to complete or make the return on investment in such projects less than expected which could prevent 
Citycon from implementing all of its planned development projects or reduce the projected profitability of 
development projects already underway. 
If Citycon does not maintain its ageing properties sufficiently, this may result in a decrease in the value of 
the properties, increased maintenance costs, significant cost to repair and renovate such properties and a 
reduction in the demand for retail premises, which could have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s 
business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
Citycon has commissioned the construction of some of the properties it owns.  As the owner and developer 
of the properties, Citycon may be liable for possible faults found in the properties as well as other direct or 
indirect damage pertaining to the properties.  Citycon’s liability for defects and/or damages may materialise, 
for example, as compensation to tenants in or other users of Citycon’s properties for damage caused due to 
defects or faults in the property.  Potential faults related to construction and consequent liabilities may 
jeopardise the profitability of Citycon’s business and lower the fair value of investment properties owned 
by Citycon, which may have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and 
financial condition. 
Citycon May Not Be Able to Execute Disposals of Real Estate at Acceptable Prices or at All. 
In accordance with its strategy, Citycon has in the past sold properties in part or in full and is continuously 
considering the divestment of properties that are not considered part of its core portfolio. In recent years, 
Citycon has divested non-core properties and plans to continue to improve the quality of its portfolio and 
recycle capital through additional divestments in the coming years. 
During the first quarter of 2020, Citycon divested Markedet in Haugesund, Norway for a total price of EUR 
11.6 million. On 12 February 2021, Citycon signed an agreement to sell three shopping centres in Sweden

--- Page 27 ---
17 
for the gross purchase price of EUR 147.0 million. The closing of the transaction occurred on 31 March 
2021. 
The value and price of the disposed properties are influenced by several factors, such as general economic 
conditions, interest rates, inflation expectations, investor yield requirements, the availability of debt 
financing and competitive dynamics.  It may also be difficult to sell properties that the markets categorise 
as non-prime properties and purchasers’ desire or ability to pay for the real estate properties and the 
disposals of secondary assets are also affected by low liquidity.  There can be no guarantee that Citycon 
will be able in the future to execute disposals at acceptable prices or at prices that are higher than the fair 
market valuation of a particular property.  Delayed disposal of properties or disposals of the properties at a 
loss could have an unfavourable impact on Citycon’s balance sheet and slow down the plan for asset quality 
improvement of Citycon and this may have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of 
operations, and financial condition. 
Terrorist Attacks May Have an Adverse Impact on Citycon’s Business and Operating Results and Could Decrease 
the Value of Citycon’s Assets. 
Terrorist attacks have resulted in substantial and continuing economic volatility and social unrest globally 
and regionally.  Further developments stemming from these events or other similar events could cause 
further volatility.  An increase in the frequency, severity or geographic reach of terrorist acts could 
destabilise the countries in which the Group operates and lead to economic downturn which could be 
harmful to Citycon’s business.  The direct and indirect consequences of any terrorist attacks are 
unpredictable, and Citycon is unlikely to foresee events that could have an adverse effect on the results of 
its business operations.  Citycon’s shopping centres could be a target of terrorist attacks and Citycon’s 
operations could be adversely impacted if infrastructure integral to Citycon and its tenants’ operations is 
destroyed or damaged. 
Although Citycon has insurance coverage for acts of terrorism, the psychological impact of such events 
may have an adverse impact on consumers and potential visitors in Citycon’s shopping centres.  Citycon 
has very little control over the visitors in Citycon’s shopping centres and as consumers perceive increased 
risk of terrorist acts in places of public gathering, such as shopping centres, they may reduce the number of 
visits made to or the time spent in these places due to the lack of security controls in Citycon’s shopping 
centres.  Future terrorist attacks may also result in declining economic activity, which could reduce the 
demand for and the value of Citycon’s properties.  Terrorist attacks or incidents, or the threat of attacks, 
could disrupt the operations of Citycon’s tenants, negatively impact sales and tenants’ businesses could be 
adversely affected, including their ability to continue to honour their lease obligations, which may reduce 
Citycon’s cash flow and have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s ability to service its debt financing 
arrangements. 
The Ability to Integrate Acquired Targets Successfully Is a Requirement to Meet Citycon’s Targets for Growth in 
Profitability. 
Citycon’s business has grown in recent years, mostly through acquisitions of new shopping centres and 
completion of (re)development projects.  This growth has required and is further expected to require 
significant management and personnel resources as well as financial resources.  Successful integration of 
acquired properties into Citycon’s existing business is essential for Citycon’s ability to grow profitably.  
Should Citycon be unable to successfully integrate targets acquired in the future, this may have a material 
adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
The Guarantor’s Ability to Meet Its Obligations Depends Primarily upon Receipt of Sufficient Funds from Other 
Members of the Group. 
The Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations depends primarily upon receipt of sufficient funds from other 
members of the Group.  The Guarantor is dependent upon payments, including by way of loans and loan 
repayments, from other members of the Group to generate the funds necessary to pay principal and interest

--- Page 28 ---
18 
on its borrowings.  The Guarantor and its Subsidiaries may from time to time be subject to restrictions on 
their ability to make such payments to the Guarantor as a result of regulatory, fiscal, and other restrictions.  
There can be no assurance that such restrictions will not have a material adverse effect on the Guarantor’s 
ability to service its borrowings or meet any other costs it may incur, including in respect of the Notes.  
There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will receive sufficient funds from other members of the Group 
to meet its financial obligations. 
Joint Ventures May Introduce Additional Risks to Citycon. 
Citycon may execute real estate acquisitions together with other real estate investors or dispose a part of its 
properties to third parties.  For instance, in January 2013, Citycon acquired Kista Galleria, a large prime 
shopping centre in Stockholm, in partnership with Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB), an 
investment management organisation investing the funds of the Canada Pension Plan.  Citycon and CPPIB 
each own 50 per cent. of the shopping centre.  Citycon also owns the Iso Kristiina in Lappeenranta, Finland, 
in partnership with Ilmarinen, a Finnish pension fund.  Citycon and Ilmarinen each own 50 per cent. of the 
shopping centre. 
These kinds of joint ventures bring along certain risks.  Citycon’s ability to withdraw funds (including 
dividends) from and to exercise management control over the joint ventures may depend on the consent of 
the joint venture partners.  Any disagreements with its partners, for example, on developing the business or 
pursuing the joint projects or other typical risks relating to a joint venture structure, such as potential joint 
and several or secondary liability for transactions and liabilities of the joint venture entity, the difficulty of 
maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies and the possible termination and/or 
commencement of a forced buy or sell procedure by the joint venture partner or of the joint venture partner’s 
stake in the joint venture entity, either as a matter of right or by virtue of alleged non-compliance with the 
applicable joint venture agreement, may have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition.  In addition to this, lenders could become less willing to lend to Citycon 
if it has a greater proportion of co-owned properties.  Any of the above could have a material adverse effect 
on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
There Is No Guarantee That Citycon’s Lease Agreements Will Be Extended in the Future and it is Possible that 
New Lease Agreements Materialise on Materially Worse Conditions. 
Citycon’s lease agreements are divided into two categories:  fixed-term lease agreements and lease 
agreements effective until further notice.  Citycon mainly seeks to enter into fixed term leases.  Apartments, 
storage facilities and individual parking spaces form the main exceptions to this.  As of 31 December 2020, 
leases in effect until further notice represented approximately 4 per cent. of Citycon’s property portfolio. 
Lease agreements effective until further notice introduce a risk that a large number of such agreements may 
be terminated within a short period of time, and this risk may increase in an uncertain economic 
environment.  Conversely, fixed-term agreements are less flexible, which may in some cases delay 
necessary development projects in the property during the term of the agreement.  The average remaining 
length of Citycon’s lease agreements was 2.9 years as of 31 March 2021. 
Citycon generally aims to renew lease agreements with the existing tenants.  There are, however, no 
guarantees that Citycon will be successful in extending the lease agreements at current or with increased 
rent levels.  Accordingly, Citycon cannot guarantee that the like-for-like net rental income growth achieved 
during the last years can be maintained.  The concurrent termination of a large number of lease agreements 
and the inability of Citycon to renew these agreements on improved or similar terms could have a material 
adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
Strong Market-Share Concentration of Grocery Retail Trade in Finland, Norway and Sweden Limits Competition 
and Rent Levels.

--- Page 29 ---
19 
Grocery stores, including four of the five largest tenants of Citycon based on total gross rental income—
Kesko Group, the S-Group, ICA Group and COOP—are often anchor tenants in the shopping centres owned 
by Citycon.  Particularly in Finland, but also in Sweden and Norway, the grocery retail trade is strongly 
concentrated; the S-Group’s market share in the entire Finnish grocery retail market was approximately 
46.05 per cent. in 2020 and the market share of Kesko was approximately 36.96 per cent. in 2020.  In 
concentrated markets demand for retail space is lower due to reduced competition, thereby leading to a 
situation where Citycon might not always be able to receive satisfactory rent levels from its retail premises.  
These factors, in addition to competition that limits or reduces rent levels and subsequently reduces rent 
potential from grocery stores, could have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of 
operations, and financial condition. 
Citycon May Fail to Acquire Required Services or to Transfer the Related Service Cost Increases to Tenants. 
Citycon utilises external service providers in its operations in connection with maintaining and constructing 
Citycon’s properties as well as in connection with the planning of development projects.  Citycon’s main 
external operational service providers are delivering services in the fields of cleaning, technical 
maintenance, utilities and security.  Such external service providers may expose Citycon to various risks, 
including, but not limited to, failure to perform their contractual obligations, cost deviations in relation to 
the external services, or liability for their actions or for the actions of property users. 
The availability, terms and conditions, price, and quality of these external services, as well as the possibility 
of transferring any increases in the costs of these services to the tenants, are material to Citycon’s business.  
The expenses related to Citycon’s external services are not always fixed and may fluctuate from time to 
time and there is no guarantee that Citycon will be able to pass increases on to Citycon’s tenants which 
might cause Citycon’s cash flow and results of operations to decrease.  Furthermore, certain tenants have 
requested in the past, and may request in the future, rent freeze or relief which reduces Citycon’s ability to 
transfer increased expenses fast enough to tenants and may result in decreased revenues.  In addition, 
Citycon’s failure to procure the necessary services on reasonable terms and on a timely basis could impair 
Citycon’s ability to develop and maintain Citycon’s properties and may have a material adverse effect on 
Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
Citycon Is Exposed to Environmental Liabilities. 
As owner and holder (as tenant) of real property, Citycon could be held liable for possible environmental 
damage caused by the operations carried out on such property if such operations have not been carried out 
in accordance with applicable regulations which may in turn decrease the value of Citycon’s property.  In 
2020, BREEAM In-Use certified covered 77 per cent. of Citycon’s portfolio measured by fair value.  
Although Citycon believes that its properties are generally not used for operations that could be particularly 
harmful to the environment, it cannot be ruled out that it could be held liable for environmental damage 
incurred on an owned or held property.  For instance, Citycon may acquire properties that have unknown 
adverse environmental conditions or develop adverse environmental conditions.  As a result, Citycon may 
incur liabilities for the clean-up of such properties even if Citycon did not know of, or was not responsible 
for, the adverse environmental conditions.  In addition to the costs of clean-up, such adverse environmental 
conditions can affect the value of a property, Citycon’s ability to lease and sell the property as well as 
Citycon’s ability to borrow funds using the property as collateral.  In addition, although Citycon believes 
that it has not caused any environmental harm in connection with its management of the properties, it cannot 
be ruled out that Citycon could be held liable for damages if it causes or has caused environmental harm in 
connection with management of the properties.  The costs associated with such damages or remediation 
 
5 Source: https://www.pty.fi/ajankohtaista/tiedotteet/uutinen/article/paeivittaeistavarakaupan-myynti-ja-
markkinaosuudet-2020/  
6 Source: https://www.pty.fi/ajankohtaista/tiedotteet/uutinen/article/paeivittaeistavarakaupan-myynti-ja-
markkinaosuudet-2020/

--- Page 30 ---
20 
activities could be substantial for Citycon.  Such environmental liability could, if it materialises, have a 
material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
Concerns about the Effects of Climate Change May Have an Impact on Citycon’s Business. 
Citycon is exposed to the potential impacts of future climate change and climate change-related risks.  
Particularly, Citycon is exposed to potential physical risks from possible future changes in climate and rare 
catastrophic weather events, such as severe storms and/or floods.  If the frequency of extreme weather 
events increases due to climate change, Citycon’s exposure to these events could increase. 
The regulatory focus on the potential impacts of climate change is increasing, including the introduction of 
more stringent requirements related to building regulations and energy efficiency.  Such measures could 
result in increased costs and Citycon may be adversely impacted as a real estate developer with regards to 
new construction projects or to the adaptation of buildings, as in the future Citycon could be required to 
meet much stricter building regulation requirements and/or energy efficiency requirements. 
Citycon Is Dependent Upon Professional Management and Key Personnel. 
The success of Citycon materially depends on the professional skills of Citycon’s management and 
personnel, as well as on the ability of Citycon to retain its current management and to recruit new skilled 
personnel, when needed.  As Citycon’s current operating model is based on a lean organisational structure 
and Citycon relies on a limited number of key personnel there can be no guarantees that Citycon will be 
able to replace departing key personnel in a timely manner or to develop and retain its management and 
key personnel in the future.  In the event that Citycon experiences pressure on its lean organisational 
structure, Citycon might incur significant recruitment costs if hiring new management or other key 
personnel is time critical.  The loss of Citycon’s key management members or key employees and know-
how, potentially to Citycon’s competitors, and the inability to attract qualified new personnel may have a 
material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
Citycon’s Insurance Coverage May Prove to Be Inadequate. 
Citycon has obtained insurance coverage for its properties and buildings, which it believes to be in line with 
standard industry practices.  This insurance covers liabilities based on, for example, possible water 
damages, fire damages and damages caused by acts of vandalism or terrorism.  In addition, liability 
insurance aimed to cover damages caused to third parties is also included in Citycon’s insurance coverage.  
Furthermore, Citycon has valid business interruption insurance.  Insurance coverage is subject to certain 
limitations and some risks may not be covered by insurance.  Even if the insurance would be adequate to 
cover Citycon’s direct losses, Citycon could be adversely affected by loss of earnings caused by or relating 
to damage to its properties.  The occurrence of any of the above harmful effects or insufficient insurance 
coverage may have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial 
condition. 
Any Damage to Citycon’s Reputation May Have an Adverse Effect on Citycon’s Ability to Attract and Retain 
Tenants. 
Citycon’s business depends upon earning and maintaining the trust and confidence of tenants and visitors 
to Citycon’s shopping centres.  Citycon’s ability to attract and retain tenants may suffer if Citycon’s 
reputation is damaged and this may impact Citycon’s profitability and ability to grow the business.  Matters 
affecting Citycon’s reputation may include, amongst other things, the quality and safety of its business 
properties, compliance with legislation and official regulations, actions by tenants and actions by 
individuals at Citycon’s properties.  Any damage to Citycon’s reputation may lead to reduced visitors which 
will be disruptive to the operations of Citycon’s tenants and may result in a material adverse effect on 
Citycon’s cash flow. 
Citycon Is Subject to Regulatory and Legal Risks Relating to Securities Issues.

--- Page 31 ---
21 
An issuance of shares or other securities by Citycon in or into certain jurisdictions may be subject to specific 
registration, admission or qualification requirements or other restrictions imposed by local law or regulatory 
authorities, or may be prohibited altogether.  Citycon uses its best efforts to comply with such restrictions 
at all times, but it cannot be excluded that due to ambiguities related to the application of and practice 
related to such restrictions, or due to any other reason, Citycon may become subject to regulatory or legal 
proceedings under certain securities laws potentially resulting in fines or penalties or liability for damages.  
As an issuer of securities, Citycon has a large number of foreign investors and, in the future, may market 
its securities to additional foreign investors, which may increase the risk of potential claims by such 
investors based on any applicable securities laws or regulations.  Even if any such allegations or claims 
against Citycon were without merit, such claims or regulatory and legal proceedings might nevertheless 
cause Citycon significant reputational harm and expose Citycon to significant legal costs. 
Credit Losses May Increase as a Result of the Tenants’ Financial Difficulties. 
As a consequence of a weaker economic environment, incidences of tenants experiencing financial 
difficulties during the terms of their lease could increase.  Credit losses have increased slightly in 2020, 
amounting to EUR 5.1 million at the end of 2020 (the amount of credit losses was EUR 2.4 million in 2019 
and EUR 2.2 million in 2018).  Despite a majority of Citycon’s lease agreements including rental 
guarantees, Citycon’s credit losses may increase in the future.  Any significant credit losses could have a 
material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. With respect 
to tenants having difficulties meeting their rent obligations due to the Coronavirus pandemic, also refer to 
“—The Coronavirus implications, or an outbreak of other future pandemics or epidemics, in the Nordics 
could have an adverse impact on Citycon’s business and operating results”.  
Citycon’s Actual Performance May Differ Materially from the Long-Term Financial Targets and Prospects 
Included in this Offering Circular. 
Citycon’s long-term financial targets and prospects constitute forward-looking information that is subject 
to considerable uncertainty.  The long-term financial targets and prospects are based upon a number of 
assumptions relating to, amongst others, the development of Citycon’s industry, business, results of 
operations, and financial condition.  Citycon’s actual business, results of operations, and financial 
condition, and the development of the industry and the macroeconomic environment in which Citycon 
operates, may differ materially from, and be more negative than, those assumed by Citycon when preparing 
its long-term financial targets and prospects.  As a result, Citycon’s ability to reach these long-term financial 
targets and prospects is subject to uncertainties and contingencies, some of which are beyond Citycon’s 
control, and no assurance can be given that Citycon will be able to reach these targets and prospects or that 
Citycon’s financial condition or results of operations will not be materially different from the long-term 
financial targets and prospects that Citycon has set for itself. 
Citycon Could Be Exposed to Disruptions and Other Damages to its Information Technology and Other Networks 
and Operations, and Breaches in Data Security. 
Citycon is dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data to operate.  Citycon’s 
ability to achieve planned revenues and control costs depends in part on the reliability of the technologies 
in place and system networks.  Citycon might incur losses that are caused by disruption or malfunction of 
IT systems, and telecommunications systems, mechanical or equipment failures, human error, natural 
disasters, security breaches or malicious acts.  For instance, cyber security incidents are increasing in 
frequency and may include installation of malicious software, unauthorised access to data and other 
electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorised release of confidential 
or otherwise protected information and the corruption of data.  Although Citycon has not experienced major 
disruptions and cyber security incidents in the past, there can be no assurance that security measures will 
prevent disruptions or security breaches which could adversely affect Citycon’s business.  For instance, the 
increased requirements for working remotely in light of Coronavirus continue to impose additional pressure 
on Citycon’s IT systems and existing security requirements.  In particular, the relatively high number of 
Citycon’s remote workers may introduce identity-assurance issues and increase cyber security risks.  Any

--- Page 32 ---
22 
disruption, malfunction of Citycon’s IT systems or security breach could result in legal proceedings, 
liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruptions to 
Citycon’s operations and damage to Citycon’s reputation, which could have material adverse effects on 
Citycon’s business and results of operations. 
FINANCING RISKS RELATING TO CITYCON’S BUSINESS 
Citycon May Not Be Able to Secure Financing on Satisfactory Terms or at All in the Future. 
Citycon operates in a sector that requires high levels of capital investments.  Citycon has in recent years 
carried out different equity and debt financing arrangements, including directed share issues (2007, 2010, 
2011 and 2014), rights issues (2007, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015), bond issues (2009 and each year from 
2012 to 2021), establishing its Euro medium term note programme in 2017 as well as putting in place 
several bank credit facility arrangements.  In addition, Citycon has commercial paper programmes in 
Sweden, Finland and Norway.  In November 2019, Citycon launched a green financing framework which 
enables Citycon to integrate sustainability objectives in its financing activities (the Green Financing 
Framework).  The Green Financing Framework allows Citycon to issue green bonds and access “green” 
financing, 
and 
is 
available 
on 
Citycon's 
website 
at: 
https://www.citycon.com/sites/default/files/citycon_green_financing_framework.pdf.   
In June 2020, Citycon successfully placed a EUR 200 million bond tap issue due 2024. In November 2020, 
Citycon issued green bonds of NOK 800 million due 2023 and in March 2021 it issued green bonds of EUR 
350 million due 2028. Citycon also renewed and extended its EUR 500 million multicurrency sustainability-
linked revolving credit facility in November 2020. On 31 March 2021, Citycon’s unused credit limits and 
cash balance amounted to EUR 564.3 million as a substantial liquidity buffer for capital investments and 
short-term commercial paper maturities. On 4 June 2021, Citycon issued EUR 350 million subordinated 
fixed to reset rate green capital securities at a fixed rate coupon of 3.625 per cent. per annum until the first 
reset date on 10 September 2026.   
Citycon has commitments to lenders to the effect that it undertakes to maintain its net debt to total assets 
ratio at below 60 per cent., and its interest coverage ratio at a minimum of 1.8:1.0.  Further, under the terms 
of its outstanding bonds, Citycon has committed to maintaining its solvency ratio at or below 0.65:1.0 and 
its secured solvency ratio at or below 0.25:1.0.  These covenants are calculated biannually according to the 
relevant debt agreement. 
Furthermore, macroeconomic conditions might also have a significant effect on Citycon’s ability to obtain 
financing.  Deterioration in the economy of the euro area or the Nordics could result in a reduction in the 
capital that lenders are willing to deploy within the euro area, which may result in increased financing costs 
or the lack of available financing on economically viable terms. 
Citycon’s refinancing of maturing debt and upcoming new investments in developing projects or new 
acquisitions create a need for new funding.  If Citycon is unable to obtain financing on commercially 
favourable terms, or if delays are incurred in obtaining such financing, this could impair Citycon’s ability 
to make investments, or force Citycon to divest assets, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect 
on the execution of Citycon’s strategy and Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
Increases in Interest Rates and Credit Margins Increase Citycon’s Financing Costs. 
Changes in interest rates have a significant effect on the real estate business.  Market interest rates fell 
sharply due to the financial crisis in the autumn of 2008 and have stayed at very low levels in historical 
terms since then.  In 2019 and 2020, interest rates for the Euro and Swedish krona remained at all-time 
lows. Interest rates are expected to increase over time. 
Fluctuations in interest rates affect Citycon’s floating-rate loan interest expenses, which increase as market 
interest rates increase.  Citycon carefully monitors the development of interest rates and actively hedges its

--- Page 33 ---
23 
position against changes in interest rates.  According to Citycon’s financing policy, its interest rate position 
must be hedged at a minimum level of 70 per cent. and at a maximum level of 90 per cent. Citycon mainly 
uses fixed-rate debt and interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate risks.  Citycon’s ratio of fixed interest 
debt was 95.6 per cent. on 31 March 2021. 
A substantial increase in interest rates may also affect private consumption or the ability of tenants to pay 
rents or may lead to increased vacancy rates of Citycon’s business premises. 
Tightening regulation of the banking sector (including Basel III) may contribute to higher costs of financing 
for banks, which may result in an increase in the price of Citycon’s new bank financing and Citycon’s 
average interest rate level.  The spread required by debt capital market investors to invest in bonds issued 
by Citycon varies over time depending on market sentiment and Citycon’s credit rating. 
A material increase in interest rates or increased credit margins could, especially in the long term, have a 
material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
Citycon Is Exposed to Fluctuations in Exchange Rates. 
Citycon is exposed to foreign currency risks due to its operations and debt and equity investments outside 
of the euro area, mainly from the Swedish krona and Norwegian krone.  According to Citycon’s policy, all 
net currency transaction positions resulting in currency gains or losses in the profit and loss statement are 
managed and hedged with currency derivatives. 
In order to prepare its financial statements, Citycon must convert the values of the assets, liabilities, 
revenues and expenses denominated in Swedish krona, Norwegian krone and Danish krona into euro at 
exchange rates applicable in the relevant time period.  Equity investments into subsidiaries outside the euro 
area are not hedged, which will create non-cash translation differences and a weaker Swedish krona or 
Norwegian krone rate reduces the value of these investments as well as the equity of the Group.  The 
translation of the income statements in local currencies into euro, has a currency rate impact on the Group 
income metrics such as the earnings and the earnings per share. 
Accordingly, significant movements in currency rates may have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
In Sweden and Norway, most of Citycon’s sales and expenses are denominated in the local currency.  To 
minimise any negative impact caused by exchange rate volatility, Citycon seeks to finance its Swedish 
business in Swedish krona and the Norwegian business in Norwegian krone so that changes in operating 
profit due to currency fluctuations are partly offset by changes in financial expenses. 
In Denmark, the Danish krone has been closely pegged to the euro from the start and it does not, therefore, 
expose Citycon to major exchange rate risks.  If the situation were to change and the Danish krone were 
devalued against the euro, it could have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results of 
operations, and financial condition. 
An English court judgment may not be enforceable in Finland or The Netherlands  
The Parent, which is also the Guarantor of the Guaranteed Notes issued by Citycon Treasury, is incorporated 
with limited liability under the laws of Finland, and a substantial portion of its assets are located in Finland, 
so any judgment obtained by Noteholders in respect of the Notes issued by the Parent or the Guarantee, as 
applicable, in the English courts against the Guarantor may need to be enforced in Finland. Subject to as 
described below, any judgment obtained in respect of the Notes issued by the Parent or the Guarantee, as 
applicable, in the English courts against the Parent would not be enforceable in Finland.  While a judgment 
of the English courts is likely to be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law, 
administrative tribunals or executive or other public authorities in Finland, the matter would be subject to 
a re-trial on its merits in the Finnish courts.

--- Page 34 ---
24 
Citycon Treasury is incorporated with limited liability under the laws of The Netherlands, and a substantial 
portion of its assets are located in The Netherlands, so any judgment obtained by Noteholders in respect of 
the Notes issued by Citycon Treasury in the English courts against Citycon Treasury may need to be 
enforced in The Netherlands. Subject to the below, any judgment obtained in respect of the Notes issued 
by Citycon Treasury in the English courts against Citycon Treasury may not be enforceable in The 
Netherlands.  While the Dutch courts can be expected to give conclusive effect to a final and enforceable 
judgment of an English court without re-examination or re-litigation of the substantive matters adjudicated 
upon, the matter will have to be re-litigated before the competent Dutch court. This would require (i) the 
court involved accepted jurisdiction on the basis of an internationally recognised ground to accept 
jurisdiction, (ii) the proceedings before such court to have complied with principles of proper procedure 
(behoorlijke rechtspleging), (iii) such judgment not being contrary to the public policy of The Netherlands 
and (iv) such judgment not being incompatible with a judgment given between the same parties by a Dutch 
court or with a prior judgment given between the same parties by a foreign court in a dispute concerning 
the same subject matter and based on the same cause of action, provided such prior judgment is recognisable 
in The Netherlands. 
The UK has applied to become a party to the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and 
enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters made at Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano 
Convention) and, upon the UK becoming a contracting state under the Lugano Convention, a judgment of 
the English courts would be enforceable in Finland and The Netherlands without the need to re-examine or 
re-litigate the matter in the Finnish courts or the Dutch courts, as applicable. However, it is unclear whether 
the UK’s application to become a contracting state under the Lugano Convention will be accepted or (if so 
accepted) when its accession to the Lugano Convention will become effective. Unless or until such 
accession becomes effective (or any other equivalent arrangements are put in place), any judgment obtained 
(i) in respect of the Notes issued by the Parent or the Guarantee, as applicable, in the English courts against 
the Parent in either its capacity as the relevant Issuer or in its capacity as the Guarantor, as applicable, would 
not be enforceable in Finland and the matter would be subject to a re-trial on its merits in the Finnish courts 
and (ii) in respect of the Notes issued by Citycon Treasury in the English courts against Citycon Treasury 
would not be enforceable in The Netherlands and the matter will have to be re-litigated before the competent 
Dutch court.   
The Interests of Citycon’s Significant Shareholders May Be Inconsistent with the Interests of Noteholders. 
There are, as at the date of this Offering Circular, certain shareholders who hold, directly and indirectly, a 
significant position in Citycon’s share capital.  The interests of Citycon’s significant shareholders could 
conflict with the interests of holders of the Notes (the Noteholders).  On 31 March 2021, Citycon’s largest 
shareholder, Gazit-Globe Ltd., held 49.2 per cent. of all the shares and votes in Citycon.  Gazit-Globe Ltd.’s 
shareholding enables it to prevent resolutions requiring a majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast 
and shares represented at a General Meeting of Shareholders.  Such resolutions include a resolution to 
amend Citycon’s Articles of Association, resolutions to issue shares in deviation from the pre-emptive 
subscription right of shareholders and resolutions regarding a potential merger, demerger or liquidation of 
Citycon. 
CPP Investment Board European Holdings S.à r.l. (CPPIBE) is Citycon’s second largest shareholder 
holding 7.5 per cent. of all the shares and votes in Citycon on 31 March 2021. Citycon has no knowledge 
of any effective shareholder agreements. The governance agreement entered into between CPPIBE and 
Gazit-Globe Ltd. on 12 May 2014, as disclosed by Citycon through stock exchange releases on 13 May 
2014 and 17 March 2020, was terminated in accordance with its terms and conditions after CPPIBE ceased 
to hold at least 10 per cent. of Citycon shares, directly or indirectly, for more than 30 consecutive days. 
CPPIBE’s total holding of Citycon shares decreased below the threshold of 10 per cent. on 17 March 2021. 
Significant shareholders’ interests may differ from the interests of other shareholders and may affect 
potential actions or transactions that might benefit the Noteholders. For further information, please see 
“Description of the Parent”.

--- Page 35 ---
25 
Gazit-Globe Ltd.’s Ownership May Exceed 50 per cent. Triggering Change of Control Clauses and an Obligation 
to Make a Mandatory Public Offer. 
Should the ownership of Gazit-Globe Ltd. exceed 50 per cent. of the votes carried by Citycon shares, this 
would trigger an obligation for Gazit-Globe Ltd. to make a mandatory public tender offer for the remaining 
shares and securities entitling their holder to shares in Citycon under the Finnish Securities Market Act 
unless the Financial Supervisory Authority of Finland (Finanssivalvonta) (the FSA) grants an exemption 
from such obligation.  Further, the ownership of Gazit-Globe Ltd.  exceeding 50-55 per cent. of the votes 
carried by Citycon shares would constitute a change of control in Citycon as defined in certain of Citycon’s 
debt financing agreements.  Such a change of control would impose an obligation for Citycon either to 
prematurely repay the loans in question or negotiate with the creditors in question about extension and 
terms of the financing, which Citycon may not be able to do on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
Credit Ratings Could Be Downgraded or May Not Reflect All Risks. 
Moody’s, S&P and Fitch have assigned investment grade level credit ratings to Citycon. Citycon has been 
rated BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P, Baa3 (stable outlook) by Moody’s and BBB- (stable outlook) by Fitch. 
See “Factors Which are Material for the Purpose of Assessing the Market Risks Associated With Notes 
Issued Under the Programme—Risks related to the Market Generally—Credit ratings assigned to Citycon 
Treasury, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in those 
Notes”. 
These ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks relating to Citycon’s business.  In particular, 
further negative property valuations or deteriorating operational metrics could result in negative rating 
actions. Further, should the ownership of Gazit-Globe Ltd.  exceed 50 per cent. the rating agencies could 
consider a downgrade.  See “—Gazit-Globe Ltd.’s Ownership May Exceed 50 per cent. Triggering Change 
of Control Clauses and an Obligation to Make a Mandatory Public Offer”. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by 
the rating agency at any time.  Should Citycon’s credit rating be downgraded, this could result in increased 
interest and other expenses on Citycon’s future borrowings or limit Citycon’s ability to refinance Citycon’s 
existing debt on acceptable terms in the longer term and, therefore, have a material adverse effect on 
Citycon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
Citycon’s Financing Agreements Involve Counterparty Risk. 
International financial institutions are counterparties to Citycon’s long-term bank loans, derivative contracts 
and insurance contracts, for example, the two EUR 250 million unsecured committed multicurrency 
revolving credit facility agreements signed on 17 November 2020 and maturing in May 2024.  It is possible 
that Citycon’s financing or insurance counterparties may experience financial difficulties or bankruptcy in 
the future.  Should one or more of the financial institutions that are Citycon’s counterparties experience 
financial difficulties or bankruptcy, this could have a material adverse effect on Citycon’s business, results 
of operations, and financial condition. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features: 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return.

--- Page 36 ---
26 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes.  During any period when 
Citycon Treasury or the Parent may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will 
not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where Notes issued under the 
Programme convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other notes.  Where Notes 
issued under the Programme convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than 
then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant 
Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes 
in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. If Notes issued under the Programme were to be issued at a substantial discount or 
premium to their principal amount, such Notes may experience more price volatility than Notes that were 
issued at no or minimal discount or premium.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of regulatory scrutiny and 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted.  Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing 
such a “benchmark”.  The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 
June 2016 and has applied since 1 January 2018.  A version of the Benchmarks Regulation has been retained 
and has applied in the UK (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) from the end of the Brexit transition period 
(11.00 pm on 31 December 2020). The Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation applies 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark 
within the EU and the UK, respectively.  Specifically, the Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered 
(or, if non- EU-based in the case of the Benchmarks Regulation or non-UK based in the case of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
(ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities (in the case of the Benchmarks Regulation) or UK 
supervised entities (in the case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation) of “benchmarks” of administrators that

--- Page 37 ---
27 
are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based in the case of the Benchmarks Regulation or non-UK 
based in the case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Any changes to a benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation, the UK Benchmarks Regulation or 
other initiatives, could have a material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs 
and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants 
from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.  Although 
it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the abovementioned changes and/or any further changes in 
the administration or method of determining a Benchmark could have an effect on the value of Floating 
Rate Notes issued under the Programme, investors should be aware that they face the risk that any changes 
to the relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value of and the amount payable under 
the Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes provide that, if a Benchmark Event (which, amongst other events, includes the Original Reference 
Rate ceasing to exist, be administered or be published) occurs, the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser.  The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (which could be positive, 
negative or zero) to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate.  The use of any such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate with the application of an Adjustment Spread to determine the Rate of Interest may 
result in the Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, as applicable, is determined 
by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes provide that the relevant Issuer and the Independent Adviser may agree 
to vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes, the Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes and/or the Trust Deed, as necessary, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, as applicable, without any requirement for consent or approval 
of the Noteholders or the VPS Noteholders, as applicable, or the holders of Coupons (Couponholders) and 
the Trustee or the VPS Trustee as applicable, shall be obliged to effect such amendments in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Notwithstanding the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the relevant Issuer may be unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes 
and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, or the Independent Adviser may not be able to determine 
or select a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes before the relevant Interest Determination Date (as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms) in respect of the applicable Interest Period.  In such circumstances, the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes provide for certain 
additional fall-back provisions and the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest. 
If the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread for the 
life of the Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme, this could result in the Floating Rate Notes 
issued under the Programme, in effect, becoming fixed rate securities. 
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the Floating 
Rate Notes issued under the Programme.  Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make

--- Page 38 ---
28 
their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the 
international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of 
Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee or the VPS Trustee, as applicable, which may be 
exercised without the consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular 
Noteholders. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without 
the consent of Noteholders and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions 
of the Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential 
Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor 
under any Notes in place of the relevant Issuer in the circumstances described in Condition 16 thereof.   
The VPS Trustee Agreement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes) provides that the 
VPS Trustee may, without the consent of the holders of VPS Notes, make certain modifications to the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes or the VPS Trustee Agreement without the prior consent or 
sanction of such holders of VPS Notes, as further detailed in the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
and the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English or Norwegian law or administrative 
practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with such Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this 
Offering Circular. 
The Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (save for Conditions 1, 10, 13 and 14 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
VPS Notes are based on English law; Conditions 1, 10, 13 and 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes are governed by Norwegian law, in each case as in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English or 
Norwegian law or administrative practice after the date of this Offering Circular and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
In Respect of Any Notes Issued With a Specific Use of Proceeds, Such as “Green Bonds”, There can be no 
Assurance that Such Use of Proceeds Meet Investor Expectations. 
The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) relating to any specific Tranche of 
Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer’s intention to allocate an amount equal to the net 
proceeds from any issue of Notes to the financing or refinancing of new or existing assets, developments 
or projects (Green Assets) under Citycon’s Green Financing Framework.  Prospective investors should 
have 
regard 
to 
the 
Green 
Financing 
Framework 
available 
at

--- Page 39 ---
29 
https://www.citycon.com/sites/default/files/citycon_green_financing_framework.pdf and must determine 
for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in the any Notes issued 
under the Green Financing Framework together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
In particular no assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) 
or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Green Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact 
of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Assets. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-
labelled asset or project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
“green” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time.  Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors 
that any assets, projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives 
or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of 
any assets, projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets. 
Citycon has received a second opinion from Cicero (the Second Opinion) of Citycon’s Green Financing 
Framework.  The Second Opinion aims to provide transparency to investors that seek to understand and act 
upon potential exposure to climate risks and impacts of any Notes issued under the Green Financing 
Framework.  The Second Opinion is only an opinion and not a statement of fact.  No assurance or 
representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the Second Opinion 
which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes issued under the Green Financing 
Framework and in particular with any Green Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or 
other criteria.  The Second Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Notes.  The Second Opinion is only current as at the date that opinion was initially issued.  Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of the Second Opinion and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of the Second Opinion for the purpose of any investment in any Notes 
issued under the Green Financing Framework.  Currently, the provider of the Second Opinion is not subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  Furthermore, the holders of any Notes issued under 
the Green Financing Framework will have no recourse against the provider of the Second Opinion.  A 
negative change to, or a withdrawal of, the Second Opinion of the Green Financing Framework may affect 
the value of such Notes and may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in Green Assets. 
In the event that any Notes issued under the Green Financing Framework are listed or admitted to trading 
on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any 
stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green 
Assets.  Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another.  Nor is any representation or assurance given 
or made by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or any other person that 
any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Notes issued under the Green

--- Page 40 ---
30 
Financing Framework or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained for 
so long as such Notes remain outstanding. 
There can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets 
will be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, the intended manner and/or in accordance with 
any timing schedule and that accordingly such amount will be totally or partially disbursed for such Green 
Assets.  Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Assets will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor.  Any such 
event or failure by the relevant Issuer will not constitute an event of default under any Notes issued under 
the Green Financing Framework. 
Any such event or failure to invest an amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of the any Notes 
issued under the Green Financing Framework into Green Assets as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of the 
Second Opinion attesting that the relevant Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which the Second Opinion is opining or certifying on and/or any Notes no longer being listed or admitted 
to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of the such Notes and also potentially the value of any other securities of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor which are intended to finance Green Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may be 
adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination (as defined in the Final Terms) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a 
holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of 
such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect 
of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
No gross-up for new withholding tax on interest in The Netherlands in respect of payments made by Citycon 
Treasury to certain holders of Notes that are entities related to Citycon Treasury 
The Netherlands has introduced a new withholding tax on interest payments as of 1 January 2021 pursuant 
to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). The new withholding tax generally 
applies to interest payments made by an entity tax resident in The Netherlands, like Citycon Treasury, to a 
related entity (as described below) tax resident in a Listed Jurisdiction (as defined below).  
For purposes of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021, an entity is considered a related entity if (i) such 
entity has a Qualifying Interest (as defined below) in Citycon Treasury; (ii) Citycon Treasury has a 
Qualifying Interest in such entity; or (iii) a third party has a Qualifying Interest in both Citycon Treasury 
and such entity. The term "Qualifying Interest" means a directly or indirectly held interest – either 
individually or jointly as part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) – that confers a definite

--- Page 41 ---
31 
influence over the company's decisions and allows the holder of such interest to determine its activities 
(within the meaning of case law of the European Court of Justice on the right of freedom of establishment 
(vrijheid van vestiging)). 
A jurisdiction is considered a listed jurisdiction (a "Listed Jurisdiction"), if it is listed in the yearly updated 
Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden) which includes (i) 
jurisdictions with a corporation tax on business profits with a general statutory rate of less than 9 per cent. 
and (ii) jurisdictions that are included in the EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions. For the fiscal year 
2021, the following 23 jurisdictions are Listed Jurisdictions: American Samoa, Anguilla, Bahamas, 
Bahrain, Barbados, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Fiji, Guam, Guernsey, Isle of 
Man, Jersey, Palau, Panama, Samoa, Seychelles, Trinidad and Tobago, Turkmenistan, Turks and Caicos 
Islands, Vanuatu, the United Arab Emirates and the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
The new withholding tax may also apply in situations where artificial structures are put in place with the 
main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid the Dutch withholding tax, e.g., where an interest 
payment to a Listed Jurisdiction is artificially routed via an intermediate entity in a non-Listed Jurisdiction, 
or in the event of a hybrid mismatch.  
In practice, Citycon Treasury may not always be able to assess whether a holder of Notes is a related entity 
with respect to Citycon Treasury or located in a Listed Jurisdiction.  The parliamentary history is unclear 
on Citycon Treasury’s responsibilities to determine the absence of affiliation in respect of notes issued in 
the market, like the Notes. 
As provided in Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes 
and Condition 7 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, if the Notes or interest coupons 
become subject to withholding tax on interest in The Netherlands pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021, Citycon Treasury will make the required withholding or deduction of such withholding tax for 
the account of the relevant holder and shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to such holder in 
respect of the withholding or deduction. This may have an impact on the net income received from the 
Notes. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for 
the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  In addition, liquidity may be limited if the relevant Issuer 
makes large allocations to a limited number of investors.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market.   
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding.  In addition, the imposition of exchange 
controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes, and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor will make any payments under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified

--- Page 42 ---
32 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer or (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor to make payments in respect of the Notes.  As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or any Notes may 
not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or the Notes.  The ratings may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect 
the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.   
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation.  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by non-European Union credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by a European Union-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-European Union or non-
UK rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances).  If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have 
a different regulatory treatment.  This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which 
may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market.  The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-
UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances . In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, 
transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 
ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory

--- Page 43 ---
33 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Offering Circular.

--- Page 44 ---
34 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Offering Circular and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form 
part of, this Offering Circular: 
(a) 
the quarterly report including the auditors’ review report and the unaudited interim consolidated 
financial statements of the Parent for the three months ended 31 March 2021 (the 2021 Group Q1 
Financial Statements) and including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 22 
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 23 
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
Page 24 
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
Page 25 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Page 26 
Auditors’ review report 
Page 33 
(b) 
the financial statements release including the auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-
consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 of the 
Parent (the 2020 Group Annual Financial Statements) and including the information set out at 
the following pages in particular: 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 45 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 46 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
Page 47 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
Page 48 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 49 to 
88 
Non-Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 89 
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Page 90 
Non-Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
Page 91 
Notes to the Non-Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 92 to 
96 
Auditors’ report 
Pages 97 to 
99 
(c) 
the financial statements release including the auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-
consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 of the 
Parent (the 2019 Group Annual Financial Statements) and including the information set out at 
the following pages in particular: 
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income, IFRS 
Page 43

--- Page 45 ---
35 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position, IFRS 
Page 44 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement, IFRS 
Page 45 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity, IFRS 
Page 46 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 47 to 87 
Non-Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 88 
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Page 89 
Non-Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
Page 90 
Notes to the Non-Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 91 to 94 
Auditors’ report 
Pages 96 to 98 
(d) 
the independent auditor’s report, other information and audited annual financial statements of 
Citycon Treasury for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (the 2020 Treasury Annual 
Financial Statements), including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Balance Sheet 
Page 9 
Profit and Loss Account 
Page 10 
General Accounting Principles 
Pages 11 to 17 
Notes to the Annual Financial Statements 
Pages 18 to 33 
Supplementary Information 
Pages 34 to 37 
Other Information 
Page 38 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Pages 39 to 46 
(e) 
the independent auditor’s report, other information and audited annual financial statements of 
Citycon Treasury for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (the 2019 Treasury Annual 
Financial Statements), including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Balance Sheet 
Page 10 
Profit and Loss Account 
Page 11 
General Accounting Principles 
Pages 12 to 17 
Notes to the Annual Financial Statements 
Pages 18 to 33 
Supplementary Information 
Pages 34 to 36 
Other Information 
Page 37 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Pages 38 to 45 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes on pages 98 to 126 (inclusive) of the previous 
Offering Circular dated 29 June 2018, which is available on the website of Euronext Dublin at:

--- Page 46 ---
36 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_02af4e52-de26-4494-8c91-9aaecd9e8654.PDF 
Any non-incorporated parts of the documents referred to in this Offering Circular are either not relevant for 
an investor or are covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular. 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and the 
Guarantor and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Offering Circular or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Offering Circular. 
Copies of: 
(a) 
the 2021 Group Q1 Financial Statements are available on the website of the Parent at: 
https://www.citycon.com/investors/financial-reports  
(b) 
the 2020 Group Annual Financial Statements are available on the website of the Parent at: 
https://www.citycon.com/investors/financial-reports  
(c) 
the 2019 Group Annual Financial Statements are available on the website of the Parent at: 
https://www.citycon.com/investors/financial-reports  
(d) 
the 2020 Treasury Annual Financial Statements are available on the website of Citycon Treasury 
at: https://www.citycon.com/investors/financing/citycon-treasury-bv 
(e) 
the 2019 Treasury Annual Financial Statements are available on the website of Citycon Treasury 
at: https://www.citycon.com/investors/financing/citycon-treasury-bv  
(f) 
the Green Financing Framework is available on the website of the Parent at: 
https://www.citycon.com/sites/default/files/citycon_green_financing_framework.pdf 
Citycon Treasury and the Parent will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Offering Circular which may affect the assessment of 
any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
37 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
“applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form.  Notes 
will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation 
S). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, each a Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in 
the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice 
period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial 
ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in 
the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes.  The holder 
of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer

--- Page 48 ---
38 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event 
means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than the VPS Notes) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is 
available or (iii) the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by two Directors 
of the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, as applicable, is given to the 
Trustee.  The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event 
of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) or the Trustee may give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes 
or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are 
to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common 
Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered

--- Page 49 ---
39 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, 
the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Registered Global 
Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS 
will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
6.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes) as the registered holder of the 
Registered Global Notes.  None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), any 
Paying Agent, the Trustee or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the 
VPS Notes) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory 
or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in 
any such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in 
definitive form and a certificate to that effect signed by two Directors of the relevant Issuer or (in the case 
of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, as applicable, is given to the Trustee.  The relevant Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than the VPS Notes if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, 
the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall 
occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except 
in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to 
the extent applicable. 
VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form.  Legal title 
to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS.  On the issue of such 
VPS Notes, the relevant Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Trustee, with copies sent to the VPS Agent (the

--- Page 50 ---
40 
VPS Letter), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of a Final 
Terms supplement attached thereto.  On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including the relevant Final 
Terms to Euronext VPS and notification to the Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account 
details by the relevant Dealer, the VPS Agent acting on behalf of the relevant Issuer will credit each 
subscribing account holder with the Euronext VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the 
nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in the Euronext VPS will take place 
two Oslo Business Days after the date of the relevant transaction.  Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS 
Notes will only take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Euronext 
VPS. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes or Registered Notes and vice versa. 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 
no. 6 (the CSD Act) which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 (CSDR) into Norwegian law, and, 
to the extent applicable, the Norwegian Securities Register Act of 5 July 2002 no. 64 (the VPS Act), as 
amended or replaced from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and 
subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under these acts and any related regulations and 
legislation.  From 1 January 2020, the VPS Act has been repealed and replaced by the CSD Act, which 
implements CSDR into Norwegian law. However, transitional rules have been passed to allow Euronext 
VPS to operate under the old rules in the VPS Act until such time when Euronext VPS has been authorised 
as a central securities depository (CSD) under the CSD Act and CSDR. 
The registration of VPS Notes in the Euronext VPS as well as the recording and transfer of ownership to, 
and other interests in, VPS Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the 
VPS Notes”), the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued 
which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date 
of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which 
are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series 
until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the 
expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable 
to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, no Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed 
directly against the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, if applicable, unless 
the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails and/or neglects so to do within a reasonable period 
and the failure and/or inability shall be continuing. 
The relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer and the 
Trustee or the VPS Trustee, as applicable, that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and, in respect of VPS Notes, the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Notes, a new 
Offering Circular will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation 
to such Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
41 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or more 
issued under the Programme. 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPs) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [The target market 
assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients 
which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts 
invested]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPs) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [[The target market assessment indicates that Notes 
are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have 
no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of (a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (c) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]7 
 
7  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or 
Citycon Treasury wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 52 ---
42 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, 
the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA].8 Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]]9 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (the SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not 
“prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]10 
[Date] 
 
IN CASE OF CITYCON TREASURY ISSUING THE NOTES:  
 
CITYCON TREASURY B.V. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300WAE0CGQ0IE1H63 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by 
CITYCON OYJ 
under the €2,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
IN CASE OF THE PARENT ISSUING THE NOTES:  
 
 
8 Not required if minimum denomination is at or above EUR 100,000 / USD 200,000. 
9  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the 
issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
10  Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification 
from Citycon Treasury prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 53 ---
43 
CITYCON OYJ 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300P8N0P6KDGTJ206 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €2,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes other than the VPS Notes][ Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] set forth in the Offering 
Circular dated 24 June 2021 which [, as supplemented by the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation ([together, ]the Offering 
Circular).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order 
to obtain all the relevant information.  The Offering Circular has been published on website of Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin at  https://live.euronext.com/.  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under an Offering Circular with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Offering Circular dated 29 June 2018 which are 
incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 24 June 2021.  This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 24 June 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] 
[and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Offering Circular), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Offering Circular has been published on the website of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
[Citycon Treasury B.V.] [Citycon Oyj] 
(b) 
Guarantor (with respect to Notes 
issued by Citycon Treasury B.V.): 
[Citycon Oyj][Not Applicable] 
 
 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[ 
] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[ 
] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for

--- Page 54 ---
44 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 23 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ 
] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[ 
] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ 
] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ 
] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ 
] 
 
(N.B.  Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations 
above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”)) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount [(in relation 
to calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions)]: 
[ 
] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified 
Denomination, 
insert 
the 
highest 
common factor.  Note:  There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[ 
] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B.  An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ 
] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]] +/- [ 
] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]below)

--- Page 55 ---
45 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [ ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
Change of Control Put 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
[Make-whole Redemption by Issuer] 
 
[(see 
paragraph 
[18]/[19]/[20] 
below 
and 
[Condition 7.5 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than the VPS Notes][Condition 6.5 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes])] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(b) 
[Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior] 
(c) 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes and Guarantee 
obtained: 
[     ] and [     ], respectively] 
(N.B.  Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related Guarantee) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ 
] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form [(and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions)]: 
[[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount][Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form [(and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions)]: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 56 ---
46 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ 
] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ 
] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[ 
] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ 
] 
 
(Second day on which the Target2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, second Copenhagen business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if CIBOR, 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if STIBOR and second Oslo 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if NIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ 
] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a

--- Page 57 ---
47 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ 
] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[ 
] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[ 
] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ 
] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for [Condition 7.2 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than the VPS Notes][Condition 6.2 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] 
and [Condition 7.5 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS 
Notes][Condition 6.5 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes]: 
Minimum period:  [30] days  
Maximum period:  [60] days

--- Page 58 ---
48 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ 
] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable, as the Notes are not redeemable 
in part] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period:  [15] days  
Maximum period:  [30] days 
 
(N.B.  When setting notice periods the Issuer and 
(if applicable) the Guarantor are advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
19. 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Make-whole Redemption Date(s): 
[ 
] 
(b) 
Make-whole Redemption Margin: 
[[ 
] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[ 
]] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/London/[ ]]] 
time/Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Rate Determination 
Date: 
The [ 
] Business Day preceding the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable, as the Notes are not redeemable 
in part] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
]

--- Page 59 ---
49 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
] 
(g) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period:  [15] days 
Maximum period:  [30] days 
 
(N.B.  When setting notice periods, the Issuer and 
(if applicable) the Guarantor are advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee) 
20. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
             Residual Call Early Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, change of 
control put or on event of default: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes:  [Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which 
is exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository 
or other institution for the purpose of their 
immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the 
Belgian Law of 14 December 200511] 
 
(N.B.  The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
 
11 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 60 ---
50 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect:  
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].”)] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry 
form] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(If VPS Notes or Registered Notes, must be “No”) 
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(If VPS Notes or Bearer Notes, must be “No”) 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraphs 15(c) relates) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made/No] 
26. 
Benchmark: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes may be 
calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], 
which 
is 
provided 
by 
[legal 
name 
of 
administrator(s)][repeat as necessary]. As at the 
date 
hereof, 
[legal 
name 
of 
administrator(s)][appears]/[does 
not 
appear] 
[repeat 
as 
necessary] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[legal name of administrator(s)] as 
administrator of [specify benchmark(s)] [repeat as 
necessary] [is/are] not required to be registered by 
virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation] 
/ [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply], such that [legal 
name of administrator(s)], as administrator of 
[specify benchmark][repeat as necessary] [is/are] 
currently not required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
/ [   ] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 61 ---
51 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  [Each of the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor]] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [Citycon Treasury B.V.] 
[Citycon Oyj]: 
[Signed on behalf of Citycon Oyj:] 
By:   ........................................................................  By:   ........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the Official 
List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as 
Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) and to trading 
on the Regulated Market of [Euronext Dublin] [the 
Oslo Stock Exchange] with effect from [     ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, 
trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) and 
to trading on the Regulated Market of [Euronext 
Dublin] [the Oslo Stock Exchange] with effect 
from [     ].] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[ 
] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[have not 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]:

--- Page 62 ---
52 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
[European Union / UK] and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation)] or the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018.  
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Offering Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[ 
] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ 
] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ 
] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering

--- Page 63 ---
53 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
[Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] [Euronext VPS ]and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ 
] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes 
which are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper][include this text for 
Registered Notes].  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: [Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[ 
]

--- Page 64 ---
54 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or if a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified.  If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or if a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified.  If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
7. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in Offering Circular / For 
the purposes of financing our Green Financing 
Framework (as defined in the Offering Circular / 
[Give details]] 
8. 
NET PROCEEDS 
[ 
]

--- Page 65 ---
55 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPs) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [The target market 
assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients 
which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts 
invested]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPs) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [[The target market assessment indicates that Notes 
are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have 
no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of (a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (c) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or

--- Page 66 ---
56 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]12 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA].13 Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]]14 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (the SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not 
“prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]15 
[Date] 
 
IN CASE OF CITYCON TREASURY ISSUING THE NOTES:  
 
CITYCON TREASURY B.V. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300WAE0CGQ0IE1H63 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by 
CITYCON OYJ 
under the €2,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
IN CASE OF THE PARENT ISSUING THE NOTES:  
 
12  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the 
issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
13 Not required if minimum denomination is at or above EUR 100,000 / USD 200,000. 
14  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the 
issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
15  Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification 
from Citycon Treasury prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 67 ---
57 
 
CITYCON OYJ 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300P8N0P6KDGTJ206 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €2,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for Citycon Treasury or the Parent, as applicable, or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.] 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 24 June 2021 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] 
dated [date[s]]] (the Offering Circular).  Full information on [Citycon Treasury or] Citycon Oyj (the 
Parent), [in its capacity as, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Offering Circular.  Copies of the Offering Circular may be 
obtained from the registered office of [Citycon Treasury at Hullenbergweg 300, 1101 BV Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands] [the Parent at Piispansilta 9A, 02230 Espoo, Finland]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Offering Circular dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular].16 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
[Citycon Treasury B.V.][ Citycon Oyj] 
(b) 
[Guarantor (with respect to Notes 
issued by Citycon Treasury B.V.): 
[Citycon Oyj] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[ 
] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[ 
] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
 
16 Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under an Offering 
Circular with a different date.

--- Page 68 ---
58 
to in paragraph 23 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ 
] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[ 
] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ 
] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ 
] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ 
] 
 
(N.B.  Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations 
above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”)) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount [(in relation 
to calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions)]: 
[ 
] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified 
Denomination, 
insert 
the 
highest 
common factor.  Note:  There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[ 
] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B.  An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ 
] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]] +/- [ 
] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
[specify other] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]below)

--- Page 69 ---
59 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [ 
] per cent. of their nominal 
amount][specify other] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
Change of Control Put 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
[Make-whole Redemption by [Citycon Treasury] 
[the Parent]] 
 
[(see 
paragraph 
[18]/[19]/[20] 
below 
and 
[Condition 7.5 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than the VPS Notes][Condition 6.5 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes])] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(b) 
[Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior] 
(c) 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes and Guarantee 
obtained: 
[ 
] and [     ], respectively]  
(N.B.  Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related Guarantee) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ 
] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form [(and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions)]: 
[[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount][Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form [(and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions)]: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 70 ---
60 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [specify other] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ 
] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ 
] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (b) 
below/, not subject to adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ 
] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[ 
] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
] month 
 
[EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ 
] 
 
(Second day on which the Target2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, second Copenhagen business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if CIBOR, 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if STIBOR or second Oslo

--- Page 71 ---
61 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if NIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ 
] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ 
] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[ 
] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[ 
] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ 
] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360]  
[Actual/360]  
[Actual/365] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for [Condition 7.2 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than the VPS Notes][Condition 6.2 of the 
Minimum period:  [30] days

--- Page 72 ---
62 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] 
and [Condition 7.5 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS 
Notes][Condition 6.5 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes]: 
Maximum period:  [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ 
] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable, as the Notes are not redeemable 
in part] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period:  [15] days 
Maximum period:  [30] days 
 
(N.B.  When setting notice periods, the Issuer and 
(if applicable) the Guarantor are advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
19. 
Make-whole Redemption by [Citycon 
Treasury] [the Parent]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Make-whole Redemption Date(s): 
[ 
] 
(b) 
Make-whole Redemption Margin: 
[[ 
] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[ 
]] 
(d) 
Quotation Time:   
[[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/London/[ ]]] 
time/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 73 ---
63 
(e) 
Reference Rate Determination 
Date: 
The [ 
] Business Day preceding the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable, as the Notes are not redeemable 
in part] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
] 
(g) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period:  [15] days 
Maximum period:  [30] days 
 
(N.B.  When setting notice periods, the Issuer and 
(if applicable) the Guarantor are advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee) 
20. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
             Residual Call Early Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, change of 
control put or on event of default: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes:  [Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which 
is exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]

--- Page 74 ---
64 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository 
or other institution for the purpose of their 
immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the 
Belgian Law of 14 December 200517] 
 
(N.B.  The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect:  
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].”)] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry 
form] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(If VPS Notes or Registered Notes, must be “No”) 
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(If VPS Notes or Bearer Notes, must be “No”) 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraphs 15(c) relates) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made/No] 
26. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
27. 
Benchmark: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes may be 
calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], 
which 
is 
provided 
by 
[legal 
name 
of 
administrator(s)][repeat as necessary]. As at the 
date 
hereof, 
[legal 
name 
of 
administrator(s)][appears]/[does 
not 
appear] 
 
17 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 75 ---
65 
[repeat 
as 
necessary] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[legal name of administrator(s)] as 
administrator of [specify benchmark(s)] [repeat as 
necessary] [is/are] not required to be registered by 
virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation] 
/ [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply], such that [legal 
name of administrator(s)], as administrator of 
[specify benchmark][repeat as necessary] [is/are] 
currently not required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
/ [   ] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 76 ---
66 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  [Each of the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor]] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [Citycon Treasury 
B.V.][Citycon Oyj]: 
[Signed on behalf of Citycon Oyj as Guarantor:] 
By:   ........................................................................  By:   ........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading  
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by [Citycon Treasury] [the Parent] (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on [specify market 
– note this must not be a regulated market] with 
effect from [ ].] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[ 
] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[have not 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation) or the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.  
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under

--- Page 77 ---
67 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, [Citycon Treasury] 
[the Parent] [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - 
Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ 
] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ 
] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ 
] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
[Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] [Euronext VPS ]and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ 
] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes

--- Page 78 ---
68 
which are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper][include this text for 
Registered Notes].  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: [Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[ 
] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or if a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified.  If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 79 ---
69 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or if a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified.  If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
7. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
[ 
]

--- Page 80 ---
70 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES OTHER THAN THE VPS NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes which will be 
incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter 
case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and the relevant Dealer at the time of 
issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto 
such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes 
may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent 
with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the 
purpose of such Notes.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed 
upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to “Applicable Final 
Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply 
in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by the Issuer named in the applicable Final 
Terms (as defined below) (the Issuer) constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Trust Deed) dated 24 June 2021 made between Citycon 
Treasury B.V., Citycon Oyj, the Guarantor (as defined below) and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the 
Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
Notes (Guaranteed Notes) issued by Citycon Treasury B.V. (or any new issuer substituted under Condition 
15) will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Citycon Oyj (in its capacity as such guarantor, 
the Guarantor) pursuant to the Guarantee (defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency;  
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for 
a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) 
dated 24 June 2021 and made between Citycon Treasury B.V., Citycon Oyj (in its capacity as both an Issuer 
and the Guarantor of the Guaranteed Notes), the Trustee, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing 
and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include 
any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any 
successor registrar) and transfer agent (together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression 
shall include any additional or successor transfer agents).  The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Registrar, the Paying Agents and the Transfer 
Agents are together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or, if 
this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area or the United Kingdom nor offered in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in

--- Page 81 ---
71 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the United 
Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended), respectively (an Exempt Note), the final 
terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify 
other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the 
Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  References to the applicable 
Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
attached to or endorsed on this Note.  Any reference in the Conditions to applicable Final Terms shall be 
deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant.  The expression 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Registered Notes and Global 
Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes 
are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below) and the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the principal office for the time being of the Trustee being at 24 June 2021 at Winchester House, 
1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom and at the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents.  If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable 
by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity.  The Noteholders 
and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The 
statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust 
Deed and the Agency Agreement.  
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed 
or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and 
the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Notes 
of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination 
and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa.

--- Page 82 ---
72 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.  , The Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes),  the Trustee and 
any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note 
or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether 
or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice 
to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), the Trustee and the Agents as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the 
relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall 
be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), the Trustee and any Agent 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, 
in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be.  References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may

--- Page 83 ---
73 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth 
in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be 
transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the 
Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon 
duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised 
in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant 
Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied 
with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer 
will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from 
time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 3 to the Agency 
Agreement).  Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business 
days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as 
may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate 
and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or 
(at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, 
a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part 
only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect 
of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at 
the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer, shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer, may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
3.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4.1) unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
This Condition 3.2 shall only apply to Guaranteed Notes.

--- Page 84 ---
74 
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and all other moneys payable by the 
Issuer under or pursuant to the Trust Deed has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
the Guarantor in the Trust Deed (the Guarantee).  The obligations of the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 
4.1) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) rank equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
4. 
COVENANTS 
4.1 
Negative Pledges 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed): 
(a) 
the Issuer will not, and will procure that none of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, 
create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest 
(each a Security Interest) upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the Issuer and/or any of 
its Subsidiaries, other than an Acquired Security Interest, to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the Issuer in the case of the creation of the Security 
Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action 
necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed are 
secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant 
Indebtedness to the satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the 
giving of a Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee in its absolute 
discretion deems not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders 
or (B) as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
of the Noteholders; and 
(b) 
the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) will not, and the Guarantor will procure 
that none of its Subsidiaries will, create or have outstanding any Security Interest upon, or 
with respect to, any of the present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including any uncalled capital) of the Guarantor and/or any of its Subsidiaries, other than 
an Acquired Security Interest, to secure any Relevant Indebtedness unless the Guarantor, 
in the case of the creation of the Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any 
other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Guarantee are secured by the Security Interest 
equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness to the satisfaction of the 
Trustee; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or guarantee or other arrangement (whether or not it 
includes the giving of a Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee in 
its absolute discretion deems not materially less beneficial to the interests of the 
Noteholders or (B) as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 85 ---
75 
4.2 
Financial Covenants 
So long as any Note remains outstanding: 
(a) 
the Solvency Ratio shall not exceed 0.65; and 
(b) 
the Secured Solvency Ratio shall not exceed 0.25. 
The Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor will promptly notify the Trustee in 
accordance with the Trust Deed in the event that any of the undertakings in this Condition 4.2 is 
breached at any time. 
For so long as the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor will deliver a certificate to the Trustee on each Reporting Date signed by two duly 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, certifying 
that the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor is and has been in compliance 
with the undertakings set out in this Condition 4.2 at all times since the last such certificate was 
delivered to the Trustee or, if none, since 18 July 2017. 
A certificate by any two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) 
the Guarantor as to any of the amounts referred to in this Condition 4.2, or any of the terms defined 
for the purposes of this Condition 4.2, shall be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
4.3 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(a) 
Acquired Security Interest means a Security Interest of any Person existing at the time 
such Person is acquired by and becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes) or any Subsidiaries of the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case 
of Guaranteed Notes), provided such Security Interest (i) was not created in contemplation 
of, and the principal amount secured has not increased in contemplation of or since, such 
acquisition and (ii) has not been extended to any additional assets or revenues in 
contemplation of or since such acquisition; 
(b) 
Authorised Signatory means any person who (a) is a Director or the Secretary of the Issuer 
or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor or (b) has been notified by the Issuer or 
(in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor in writing to the Trustee as being duly 
authorised to sign documents and to do other acts and things on behalf of the Issuer or (in 
the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor for the purposes of the Trust Deed or these 
Conditions; 
(c) 
Consolidated Total Assets means the total assets (excluding intangible assets) of the 
Group as shown in the most recent audited annual or unaudited semi-annual, as the case 
may be, consolidated financial statements of (in the case of Notes other than Guaranteed 
Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor; 
(d) 
Consolidated Total Indebtedness means the total Indebtedness (on a consolidated basis) 
of the Group as determined by reference to the most recent audited annual or unaudited 
semi-annual, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of (in the case of Notes 
other than Guaranteed Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor; 
(e) 
Group means (in the case of Notes other than Guaranteed Notes) the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries;

--- Page 86 ---
76 
(f) 
IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards, including International 
Accounting Standards and Interpretations, issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (as amended, supplemented or re-issued from time to time) as adopted by 
the European Union; 
(g) 
Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person at any date of determination (without 
duplication) any debt of such Person, including: 
(i) 
all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money in whatever form; 
(ii) 
all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other 
similar instruments; 
(iii) 
all obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit or other similar 
instruments (including reimbursement obligations with respect thereto, except to 
the extent any such reimbursement obligations relate to trade payables); 
(iv) 
all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of 
property, assets or services which purchase price is due more than 90 days after 
the earlier of the date of placing such property in service or taking delivery and 
title thereof or the completion of such services excluding: 
(A) 
any trade payables or other liability to trade creditors; and 
(B) 
any post-closing payment adjustments in connection with the purchase by 
the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor or any 
Subsidiary of any business to which the seller may become entitled, to the 
extent such payment is determined by a final closing balance sheet or such 
payment depends on the performance of such business after the closing 
and provided that (x) the amount of any such payment is not determinable 
at the time of closing and, (y) to the extent such payment thereafter 
becomes fixed and determined, the amount is paid within 90 days 
thereafter; 
(v) 
all capitalised lease obligations of such Person, to the extent treated as 
indebtedness in the financial statements of such Person under IFRS; 
(vi) 
all obligations of the type referred to in paragraphs (i) to (v) of other Persons 
guaranteed by such Person to the extent such obligation is guaranteed by such 
Person; and 
(vii) 
all obligations of the type referred to in paragraphs (i) to (vi) of other Persons 
secured by any Security Interest over any asset of such Person (the amount of such 
obligation being deemed to be the lesser of (A) the book value of such asset as 
shown in the most recent audited annual or unaudited semi-annual financial 
statements of such Person and (B) the amount of the obligation so secured), 
whether or not such indebtedness is assumed by such Person. 
For the purpose of determining the euro-equivalent of Indebtedness denominated in a 
foreign currency, the euro-equivalent principal amount of such Indebtedness pursuant 
thereto shall be calculated based on the relevant official central bank currency exchange 
rate in effect on the date of determination thereof. 
The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any date shall be the outstanding balance at 
such date of all unconditional obligations as described above provided that (i) with respect

--- Page 87 ---
77 
to contingent obligations as described above, will be the value of the contingency, if any, 
giving rise to the obligation as reported in that Person’s financial statements and (ii) in the 
case of Indebtedness sold at a discount, the amount of such Indebtedness at any time will 
be the accreted value thereof at such time; 
(h) 
Measurement Date means each day which is (i) the last day of the Issuer’s or (in the case 
of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor’s financial year in any year in respect of which audited 
annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) 
the Guarantor have been produced (the Annual Measurement Date) or (ii) the last day of 
the first half of the Issuer’s or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor’s financial 
year in any year in respect of which unaudited semi-annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor have been 
produced (the Semi-Annual Measurement Date); 
(i) 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
(j) 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or 
are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-
counter or other securities market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any 
such indebtedness; 
(k) 
Reporting Date means a date falling no later than 30 days after (i) the publication of the 
audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor, with respect to an Annual Measurement Date, or (ii) the publication 
of the unaudited semi-annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer or (in the case 
of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, with respect to a Semi-Annual Measurement Date; 
(l) 
Secured Consolidated Total Indebtedness means such amount of Consolidated Total 
Indebtedness that is secured by a Security Interest granted by the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries; 
(m) 
Secured Solvency Ratio means, in respect of any Measurement Date, (i) the Secured 
Consolidated Total Indebtedness divided by (ii) Consolidated Total Assets; 
(n) 
Solvency Ratio means, in respect of any Measurement Date, (i) the Consolidated Total 
Indebtedness (less cash and cash equivalents (as set out in the most recent audited annual 
or unaudited semi-annual, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of (in the 
case of Notes other than Guaranteed Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) 
the Guarantor)) divided by (ii) Consolidated Total Assets; and 
(o) 
Subsidiary means, in relation to the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor, any company (i) in which the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor holds a majority of the voting rights or (ii) of which the Issuer or (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor is a member and has the right to appoint or remove a 
majority of the board of directors or (iii) of which the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor is a member and controls a majority of the voting rights, and includes 
any company which is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of the Issuer or (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor.

--- Page 88 ---
78 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure 
(including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as applicable, to the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered Notes in 
definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes 
in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number

--- Page 89 ---
79 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant 
payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 90 ---
80 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will (subject to Condition 5.2(f) below) be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA

--- Page 91 ---
81 
Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR, 
CIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR, Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR or Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the 
event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
(c) 
Benchmark Event 
(i) 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply:

--- Page 92 ---
82 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner), by no later than five Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5.2(c)(i)(B) below) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 5.2(c)(i)(C) below) and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5.2(c)(i)(D) below). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition shall act in good faith 
as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying 
Agents, the Trustee, the Couponholders or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it in connection with the operation of this Condition 5.2(i)(c). 
(B) 
If: 
(1) 
the Independent Adviser determines that there is a Successor Rate, then 
such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as 
provided in Condition 5.2(c)(i)(C) below) shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further 
operation of this Condition 5.2(c)); or 
(2) 
the Independent Adviser determines that there is no Successor Rate but that 
there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate (as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 5.2(c)(i)(C) below) 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the subsequent further operation of this Condition 5.2(c)); or 
(3) 
either (I) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (II) a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is not determined pursuant to the 
operation of this Condition 5.2(c) or, in either case, an applicable 
Adjustment Spread is not determined pursuant to Condition 5.2(c)(i)(C) 
below, by no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date relating to any applicable Interest Period, the Original 
Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or component part(s) thereof) on such Interest 
Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 5.2(b)(ii) will (if applicable) continue to apply to such 
determination. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.2(c)(i)(B) shall 
apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any 
subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.2(c). 
(C) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
5.2(c)(i)(B) above, the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which 
may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for

--- Page 93 ---
83 
determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable), subject to the subsequent further operation of and adjustment as 
provided, in this Condition 5.2(c). 
(D) 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(c) and the 
Issuer and the Independent Adviser agree: (I) that amendments to these Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (II) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 5.2(c)(i)(E) below, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, vary these 
Conditions and/or the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5.2(c)(i)(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted 
to trading. 
(E) 
the Issuer shall no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date notify the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if 
applicable), the other Paying Agents, the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices), the Noteholders of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.2(c). Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer: 
(1) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred; (y) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate; and (z) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2(c); 
(2) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either 
case) Adjustment Spread; and 
(3) 
certifying that the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser 
with respect to each of the matters above.  
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability 
to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and (in either case) the Adjustment Spread, the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) and any such other relevant changes pursuant to this Condition 5.2(c)

--- Page 94 ---
84 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without 
prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents, the Trustee, 
the Couponholders and the Noteholders.  
At the request of the Issuer but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
5.2(c)(i)(E), the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if 
applicable) and the other Paying Agents shall, (at the Issuer’s expense and 
direction), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments required to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency 
Agreement (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed or agreement 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement) and 
these Conditions and the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable) and the other Paying Agents shall not be liable to any party 
for any consequences thereof, provided that none of the Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) and the other Paying Agents 
shall be obliged so to concur if in its sole opinion doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the protective provisions afforded 
to it in the Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed or supplemental agency 
agreement) in any way. 
(F) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 5.2(c), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
5.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in accordance with this Condition 5.2(c). 
(G) 
If, in the case of any Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread is notified to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable) and the other Paying Agents pursuant to Condition 
5.2(c)(i)(E), and the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) 
or the other Paying Agents, as applicable, is in any way uncertain as to the 
application of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in 
the calculation or determination of any Rate of Interest, it shall promptly notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable) or the other Paying Agents, as applicable in writing (which 
direction may be by way of a written determination of an Independent Adviser) as 
to which course of action to adopt in the application of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the determination of such Rate of 
Interest. If the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) or the 
other Paying Agents, as applicable, is not promptly provided with such direction, 
or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it 
shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable) or the other Paying Agents, as applicable shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. For the avoidance of doubt, for the period that the

--- Page 95 ---
85 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) or the other Paying 
Agents, as applicable remains uncertain of the application of the Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the calculation or determination of 
any Rate of Interest, the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 5.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply. 
(ii) 
As used in this Condition 5.2(c): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which is to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate, or (where (A) above does not apply) in the case 
of a Successor Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); or   
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that neither (A) nor (B) above applies) the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 5.2(c) has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency 
as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, such other rate 
as the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning specified in Condition 5.2(c)(i)(D); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(B) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the administrator or an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (II) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (B)(I) above;

--- Page 96 ---
86 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (II) 
the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(I) above; 
(E) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (II) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(I) above;  
(F) 
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), any other Paying Agent or any other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or 
Couponholders using the Original Reference Rate; and/or 
(G) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; 
 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor under 
Condition 5.2(c) at its own expense and with prior notification to the Trustee; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest 
Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally 
specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced 
it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a 
Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of the Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate; or  
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (I) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate 
relates, (II) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (III) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (IV) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and

--- Page 97 ---
87 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is provided by law or regulation applicable to indebtedness denominated in the currency to 
which the Original Reference Rate relates and/or formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body.  
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (A) represented by a Global Note or (B) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (x) the 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (y) such Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii)  
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 98 ---
88 
(iii)  
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v)  
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 99 ---
89 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate 
available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate.

--- Page 100 ---
90 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), the Trustee and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof 
to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period.  Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14.  For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for general business in London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), the Principal 
Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of 
wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.

--- Page 101 ---
91 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments 
of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount 
of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 9 or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than 
a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less 
than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified

--- Page 102 ---
92 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either 
on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of 
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, 
at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, 
at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are 
open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the 
relevant due date.  For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the case 
of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained 
by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank 
means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the 
case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close 
of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close 
of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the 
relevant due date (the Record Date).  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered 
Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), the Trustee or the Agents will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on 
account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer, or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes), as the case may be, will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note.

--- Page 103 ---
93 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor adverse tax consequences 
to the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For 
these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed;

--- Page 104 ---
94 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(e) 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(f) 
the Make-whole Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
8 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.6, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 or (in the case 
of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to 
procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such 
additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8) or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor would be obliged to 
pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.2, the Issuer or (in 
the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor shall deliver to the Trustee to make available at its 
specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that

--- Page 105 ---
95 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a 
result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as 
sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
(a) 
Issuer Call (other than Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or (if redemption in part is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  If redemption in part is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not 
less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not 
more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion).  In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 10 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption. 
(b) 
Issuer Call (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) 
If Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the 
Make-whole Redemption Date)), redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Make-
whole Redemption Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and at the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date.  If redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Redeemed Notes will (i) in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior

--- Page 106 ---
96 
to the Make-whole Redemption Date and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a 
Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or 
a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 not less than 10 days prior to the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
In this Condition 7.3(b), Make-whole Redemption Amount means: 
(A) the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal 
and interest to:  
(i) 
if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and the Optional 
Redemption Amount is specified as being an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 
per cent. of the principal amount of the relevant Note, the first Optional Redemption Date 
(assuming the Notes to be redeemed on such date), as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Maturity Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case, on the Notes to be redeemed (not including any portion of such payments of interest 
accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the Make-whole Redemption Date on an annual 
basis at the Reference Rate plus the Make-whole Redemption Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, where: 
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Calculation Agent as having a maturity 
comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilised, at the time 
of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate 
debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Notes; 
Calculation Agent means a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank appointed by the 
Issuer for the purposes of calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount and approved by the 
Trustee, and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; 
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Calculation Agent 
advises the Issuer and the Trustee that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the relevant security 
specified is not appropriate for such purpose, such other central bank or government security as the 
Calculation Agent may, with the advice of Reference Market Makers, determined to be appropriate; 
Reference Bond Price means (i) the average of five Reference Market Maker Quotations for the 
relevant Make-whole Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Market 
Maker Quotations, (ii) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than five, but more than one, such 
Reference Market Maker Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one such 
Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference Market Maker 
Quotation so obtained; 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and 
any Make-whole Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid 
and asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent at the Quotation Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 107 ---
97 
Reference Market Makers means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the 
Reference Bond selected by the Calculation Agent or such other five persons operating in the 
market for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the Issuer; and 
Reference Rate means, with respect to any Make-whole Redemption Date, the rate per annum 
equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, calculated using a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond 
Price for such Make-whole Redemption Date.  The Reference Rate will be calculated on the 
Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.4 
Issuer Residual Call Option 
This Condition 7.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at 
the option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 7.2 or pursuant to the 
Issuer Call (other than Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer) described in Condition 7.3(a) or 
pursuant to the Issuer Call (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer) as described in Condition 
7.3(b)), such option being referred to as the Issuer Residual Call.  The applicable Final Terms 
contains provisions applicable to the Issuer Residual Call and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 7.4 for full information on the Issuer Residual Call.  In particular, the applicable Final 
Terms will identify the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount. 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any 
time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Series issued, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 and not more than 
60 days’ notice to the Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at the Residual Call Early 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.4, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee, to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders, a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally 
issued. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any 
person)  as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out above, in which 
event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control 
If a Change of Control Put Event (as defined below) occurs, each Noteholder shall have the option 
(unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Notice (as defined below), the Issuer shall 
have given notice of redemption under Condition 7.2, Condition 7.3 or Condition 7.4 (if 
applicable)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) that Noteholder’s Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the Change of Control Settlement Date (as defined below).  Such option 
(the Change of Control Put Option) shall operate as set out below. 
If a Change of Control Put Event occurs then, within 5 days of the Issuer or (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor becoming aware that such Change of Control Put Event has 
occurred, the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor shall, and upon the Trustee 
becoming so aware (the Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor each having

--- Page 108 ---
98 
failed to do so) the Trustee may, and, if so requested by the holders of at least one-quarter in 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall, (subject in each case to being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice (a Change of Control Notice) to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 specifying the nature of the Change of Control 
Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar, on any Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6) at the place of such specified office 
falling within the period of 30 days after the Change of Control Notice is given by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or the Trustee, as applicable, (the Change of Control 
Put Period), a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current 
and which may, if this Note is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg), be any form 
acceptable to and delivered in a manner acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar (a Change of Control Exercise Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under 
this Condition 7.5 and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed 
and, if less that the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, 
an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to 
be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2.  If this Note is in 
definitive bearer form, this Change of Control Exercise Notice must be accompanied by this Note 
or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following the delivery 
of the Change of Control Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
A Change of Control Exercise Notice given by a holder of any Note shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 14 to withdraw the Change of Control Exercise Notice. 
Any Note which is the subject of a Change of Control Exercise Notice which has been delivered as 
described above prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Put Period shall be redeemed or, as 
the case may be, purchased by (or on behalf of) the Issuer on the date which is the seventh Business 
Day as defined in Condition 5.2(a) immediately following the last day of the Change of Control 
Put Period (the Change of Control Settlement Date). 
If 80 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding on the date on which the Change 
of Control Notice is given have been redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.5, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption) given within 30 days after the Change of Control Settlement Date, 
redeem or purchase all outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any steps to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put 
Event or any event which could lead to the occurrence of a Change of Control has occurred and 
will not be responsible or liable to Noteholders or Couponholders for any loss arising from any 
failure by it to do so.  If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s Investors Service 
Ltd. (Moody’s), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Sweden Branch (S&P) or Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited (Fitch) are changed from those which are described in paragraph (b) of the 
definition of “Change of Control Put Event” below, or if a rating is procured from a Substitute 
Rating Agency, the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor shall determine the

--- Page 109 ---
99 
rating designations of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as 
are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch and this Condition 
7.5 shall be construed accordingly. 
A Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
any person or any persons acting in concert, other than the Existing Holders or a holding 
company whose shareholders are or are to be substantially similar to the pre-existing 
shareholders of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor and/or any 
direct or indirect holding company of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor, shall acquire a controlling interest in (A) shares in the stated capital of the Issuer 
or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor carrying more than 45 per cent. of the 
voting rights represented by the shares of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) 
the Guarantor (being voting rights which are capable of being exercised at a general 
meeting of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor) where as a result 
of such acquisition, such person will have an interest that is greater than that of the Existing 
Holders at the time of such acquisition or (B) shares in the stated capital of the Issuer or 
(in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor carrying more than 50 per cent. of the 
voting rights represented by the shares of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) 
the Guarantor (being votes which are capable of being cast at a general meeting of the 
Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor) (each such event being, a 
Change of Control); and 
(b) 
on the date (the Relevant Announcement Date) that is the earlier of (1) the date of the 
first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (2) the date of the earliest 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any): 
(i) 
the Notes carry an investment grade credit rating (BBB-, or its equivalent, or 
better) (an Investment Grade Rating) from one or more Rating Agencies and, 
within the Change of Control Period, any such Rating Agency downgrades its 
rating of the Notes to a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+, or its equivalent, 
or worse) or withdraws its rating of the Notes and such rating is not within the 
Change of Control Period restored to an Investment Grade Rating by one or more 
such Rating Agencies or replaced by an Investment Grade Rating of another Rating 
Agency; or 
(ii) 
the Notes do not carry an Investment Grade Rating from at least one Rating Agency 
and neither the Issuer nor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor is able 
to acquire and maintain thereafter an Investment Grade Rating during the Change 
of Control Period from at least one Rating Agency; and 
(c) 
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to paragraph (a) 
above or to decline to confer an Investment Grade Rating, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) 
the Guarantor that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the 
Change of Control or the Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement. 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date 
and ending 180 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period for which the Notes are 
under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 
180 days after the Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating 
Agency, such period not to exceed 180 days after the public announcement of such consideration); 
Existing Holders means, individually or jointly, any and all of (i) Gazit-Globe Ltd., and (ii) any 
person or persons from time to time controlling, controlled by or under common control with Gazit-

--- Page 110 ---
100 
Globe Ltd., including (a) any person or persons that acquires a controlling interest in any of the 
persons referred to in (i) and (ii) above or (b) any person that succeeds to any of the persons referred 
to in (i) and (ii) above by way of a merger, liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or otherwise.  
For the purposes of this definition, control is deemed to be the ownership of or ability to direct 30 
per cent. or more of the equity share capital of a person; 
Rating Agency means Moody’s, S&P or Fitch any of their respective successors or any other 
internationally recognised rating agency (a Substitute Rating Agency) substituted for any of them 
by the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor from time to time and notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; and 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor any actual or potential 
bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential 
Change of Control where within 180 days following the date of such announcement or statement, 
a Change of Control occurs. 
7.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2, Condition 7.5 and Condition 10, each Note will be redeemed at 
its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified 
Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to 
the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) 
Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 365).

--- Page 111 ---
101 
7.7 
Purchases 
The Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or (in 
the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the 
case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.8 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so 
cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.7 above (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying 
Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.9 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4 or 7.5 above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.6(c) 
as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar or 
the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor as the case may be will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or 
Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in The Netherlands or the Republic of Finland; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding 
of such Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 112 ---
102 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6); or 
(d) 
the holder of which is subject to such taxes or duties pursuant to the Dutch Withholding 
Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means The Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments by Citycon Treasury B.V. 
in its capacity as Issuer) or the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments by Citycon Oyj 
either in its capacity as Issuer or in its capacity as Guarantor, as applicable) or any 
jurisdiction from or through which the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor makes a payment in respect of the Notes or Coupons; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee or the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, 
it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice 
to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or Condition 6.2 
or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth 
in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), 
(but in the case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraphs 10.1(b) to 10.1(d) 
(other than the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor and 10.1(e) to (g) inclusive and 10.1(i) and 10.1(j) below, only if the Trustee shall have 
certified in writing to the Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor that such event 
is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), give notice in writing 
to the Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor that each Note is, and each Note 
shall thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together 
with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed in any of the following events (each an Event 
of Default): 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of three days; 
or

--- Page 113 ---
103 
(b) 
if the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor fails to perform or observe 
any of its other obligations under these Conditions or the Trust Deed and (except in any 
case where, in the opinion of the Trustee, the failure is incapable of remedy when no such 
continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues 
for the period of 14 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) following the 
service by the Trustee on the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor of 
notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or any of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor becomes capable of being declared due and repayable 
prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described); (ii) the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or any of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in 
the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor fails to make any payment in respect of any 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment; (iii) any security given by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or any of the Subsidiaries of 
the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor for any Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or any of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or 
indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other 
person; provided that no event described in this subparagraph 10.1(c) shall constitute an 
Event of Default unless the relevant amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or other 
relative liability due and unpaid, either alone or when aggregated (without duplication) 
with other amounts of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money and/or other liabilities due and 
unpaid relative to all (if any) other events specified in (i) to (iv) above, amounts to at least 
€35,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or any of the 
Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, if applicable, 
save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved in writing by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business or any of the Subsidiaries of the 
Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor ceases or threatens to cease to 
carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business, save in either case for the 
purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by 
an Extraordinary Resolution, or the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor or any of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, 
its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts 
pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt 
or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) or any of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the 
appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) or any of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the

--- Page 114 ---
104 
Guarantor or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking or 
assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or any part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any 
part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any case (other than the 
appointment of an administrator or an administrative receiver appointed following 
presentation of a petition for an administration order) unless initiated by the relevant 
company, is not discharged within l4 days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or any of the Subsidiaries (or 
their respective directors or shareholders) of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) 
the Guarantor initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws 
(including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the 
benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally 
(or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an 
arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(h) 
in the case of Guaranteed Notes, if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect; or 
(i) 
in the case of Guaranteed Notes, if the Issuer ceases to be a subsidiary wholly owned and 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor; or 
(j) 
if any event occurs which, under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, has or may have, in 
the Trustee’s opinion, an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) 
to (i) above. 
10.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against the 
Issuer and/or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce the 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such 
proceedings or any other action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons unless (a) 
it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the 
holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, 
fails and/or neglects so to do within a reasonable period and the failure and/or inability shall be 
continuing. 
10.3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions, Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any indebtedness 
(whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any borrowed 
money or any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or any notes, 
bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such

--- Page 115 ---
105 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which each of the Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor 
is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5.  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor and, in certain circumstances specified therein, of the 
Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder 
or Couponholder.  The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which 
any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 9. 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London.  It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock

--- Page 116 ---
106 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  If publication as provided 
above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have 
been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to 
the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on 
the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes).  
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder 
of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
SUBSTITUTION 
This Condition 15 only applies to Guaranteed Notes. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, agree with Citycon 
Treasury and the Guarantor to the substitution in place of Citycon Treasury in its capacity as Issuer 
(or of any previous substitute under this Condition 15) as the principal debtor under the Notes, the 
Coupons and the Trust Deed of the Guarantor or any company being a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, 
subject to: 
(a) 
except in the case of the substitution of the Guarantor as the principal debtor under the 
Notes, the Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor; 
(b) 
the Trustee being satisfied that the substitution is not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders; and 
(c) 
certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with.

--- Page 117 ---
107 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, AUTHORISATION AND 
DETERMINATION 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by way 
of audio or video conference call) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
modification or abrogation by Extraordinary Resolution of any of these Conditions or any of the 
provisions of the Trust Deed.  The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
will be one or more persons present holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons present whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented by him or them, 
except that, at any meeting the business of which includes any matter defined in the Trust Deed as 
a Basic Terms Modification, including the modification or abrogation of certain provisions of these 
Conditions and certain provisions of the Trust Deed, the necessary quorum for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons present holding or representing not less than 
two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one - third, of the nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding.  The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a 
meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not 
less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or 
on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing 
system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-
fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed 
by the Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any 
meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
16.2 
Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of these 
Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, or determine, 
without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such (provided that, in any such case, it is not, in 
the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders) or may agree, 
without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which, in its opinion, is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error or an error which, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, is proven. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting 
any Benchmark Amendments required to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency 
Agreement (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed or agreement supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement) without the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 
5.2(c). 
16.3 
Trustee to have Regard to Interests of Noteholders as a Class 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
substitution), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class but 
shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or

--- Page 118 ---
108 
any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes), the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of 
any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except 
to the extent already provided for in Condition 8 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in 
addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 8 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
16.4 
Notification to the Noteholders 
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution shall be binding 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any 
modification or substitution shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable 
thereafter in accordance with Condition 14. 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION 
AND 
PROTECTION 
OF 
THE 
TRUSTEE 
AND 
ITS 
CONTRACTING WITH THE ISSUER AND (IN THE CASE OF GUARANTEED NOTES) 
THE GUARANTOR 
17.1 
Indemnification and protection of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility and liability towards the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders, including (i) provisions relieving it from taking action unless 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and (ii) provisions limiting or 
excluding its liability in certain circumstances.  The Trust Deed provides that, when determining 
whether an indemnity or any security or pre-funding is satisfactory to it, the Trustee shall be entitled 
(i) to evaluate its risk in any given circumstance by considering the worst-case scenario and (ii) to 
require that any indemnity or security given to it by the Noteholders or any of them be given on a 
joint and several basis and be supported by evidence satisfactory to it as to the financial standing 
and creditworthiness of each counterparty and/or as to the value of the security and an opinion as 
to the capacity, power and authority of each counterparty and/or the validity and effectiveness of 
the security.  The Trustee may rely without liability to the Noteholders or Couponholders on a 
report, confirmation or certificate or opinion or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, 
financial institution or other expert, whether or not addressed to it and whether their liability in 
relation thereto is limited (by its terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by 
the Trustee or in any other manner) by reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise.  
The Trustee may accept and shall be entitled to rely on any such report, opinion, confirmation or 
certificate or advice and such report, opinion, confirmation, or certificate or advice shall be binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), the Trustee, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders. 
17.2 
Trustee Contracting with the Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor and/or any of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or 
relating to, the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and/or any of the 
Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, (b) to exercise and 
enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any such 
transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or 
consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account 
for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.

--- Page 119 ---
109 
17.3 
Trustee Actions 
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in 
that jurisdiction would, in its opinion based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be 
contrary to any law of that jurisdiction.  Furthermore, the Trustee may also refrain from taking such 
action if it would otherwise render it liable to any person in that jurisdiction or if, in its opinion 
based upon such legal advice, it would not have the power to do the relevant thing in that 
jurisdiction by virtue of any applicable law in that jurisdiction or if it is determined by any court or 
other competent authority in that jurisdiction that it does not have such power. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes 
and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 20.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the 
Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes 
and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes) and the Trustee and any Noteholders or Couponholders in 
relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, the Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) 
the Guarantor waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in 
respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; 
and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Each of the Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor irrevocably appoints Law 
Debenture Corporate Services Limited as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before

--- Page 120 ---
110 
the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Law Debenture 
Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately 
appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Dispute.  Each of the Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor 
agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service.  Nothing 
herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
20.4 
Other documents and the Guarantor 
The Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor have in the Trust Deed and Agency 
Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of 
process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 121 ---
111 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes.  VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any 
physical note or document of title other than a statement of account made by Euronext VPS.  Ownership of 
VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register 
maintained by Euronext VPS.  The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of VPS Notes 
which are Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or 
to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms 
and Conditions for the purpose of such VPS Notes.  Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” 
for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation 
to the relevant VPS Notes. 
Each VPS Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of VPS Notes issued by the Issuer named in the 
applicable Final Terms (as defined below) (the Issuer) and each VPS Note will be issued in accordance 
with and subject to an agency agreement (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the VPS Agency Agreement) dated 24 June 2021 made between Citycon 
Treasury B.V., Citycon Oyj (in its capacity as both an Issuer and as a guarantor of the Guaranteed VPS 
Notes (as defined below), the Guarantor) and Danske Bank A/S (the VPS Agent, which expression shall 
include any successor as VPS agent). 
References herein to the VPS Notes shall be references to the VPS Notes of the relevant Series and shall 
mean notes cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen 
(Euronext VPS). 
The VPS Notes have the benefit of a trust agreement (such trust agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Trustee Agreement) dated 24 June 2021 and made between 
Citycon Treasury B.V., Citycon Oyj and Nordic Trustee AS (the VPS Trustee, which expression shall 
include any successor VPS Trustee).  The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that, unless otherwise agreed, 
Nordic Trustee AS will act as calculation agent in respect of VPS Notes (the Calculation Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor or alternative Calculation Agent that may be appointed). 
VPS Notes (the Guaranteed VPS Notes) issued by Citycon Treasury B.V. will also have the benefit of the 
deed of guarantee executed by the Guarantor (such deed as modified and/or restated and/or supplemented 
from time to time, the Guarantee) dated 24 June 2021.   
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated book entry form in accounts with 
Euronext VPS.  The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with Euronext VPS 
in respect of VPS Notes as detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement. The Issuer and the VPS Agent on the 
Issuer’s behalf shall be entitled to obtain information from the register maintained by Euronext VPS for the 
purposes of performing its obligations under the VPS Notes and as permitted by applicable law. 
The final terms for any Tranche of VPS Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of 
the Final Terms prepared in connection with the relevant Tranche of VPS Notes, which supplement these 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (the VPS Conditions) or, if the relevant VPS Notes are VPS Notes 
which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or the United 
Kingdom nor offered in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the United Kingdom Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended), respectively (an Exempt Note), the final terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms 
and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the VPS Conditions, 
replace or modify the VPS Conditions for the purposes of the relevant VPS Notes.  References to the 
applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) prepared in connection with the relevant Tranche of VPS Notes.  Any reference in the 
VPS Conditions to applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing 
Supplement where relevant. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 122 ---
112 
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the VPS Notes (the VPS 
Noteholders or the holders of VPS Notes), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee 
Agreement and these VPS Conditions. 
As used herein, Tranche means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of VPS Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have 
the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
A copy of the VPS Trustee Agreement is available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
registered office for the time being of the VPS Trustee, currently at Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1, 0160 
Oslo, Norway.  The VPS Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement, the Guarantee and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them.  The statements in the VPS Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement and  (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the 
Guarantee. 
If the VPS Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Oslo Stock Exchange the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Oslo Stock Exchange 
(https://www.euronext.com/nb/markets/oslo).  If the VPS Notes are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement will only be obtainable by a VPS Noteholder holding one or more VPS Notes and such VPS 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent as to its 
holding of such Notes and identity. 
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Trustee Agreement, the VPS Agency Agreement or used in the 
applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the VPS Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the 
VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement will prevail and, in 
the event of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the VPS Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE  
The VPS Notes are in uncertificated book-entry form in the currency (the Specified Currency) 
and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination.  VPS Notes will be registered with a separate securities identification code in 
Euronext VPS. 
A VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of 
Euronext VPS.  The Issuer, (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor and the VPS 
Trustee may rely on a certificate of Euronext VPS or one issued on behalf of Euronext VPS by an 
account-carrying institution as to a particular person being a VPS Noteholder. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in Euronext VPS between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS that

--- Page 123 ---
113 
are in force from time to time.  Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer, 
as the holder of the relevant VPS Note.  Each person who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euronext VPS as the holder of a particular nominal amount of VPS Notes shall be treated by the 
Issuer, (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor, the VPS Trustee and the VPS 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such VPS Notes for all purposes. 
VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of Euronext VPS. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE VPS NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
2.1 
Status of the VPS Notes 
The VPS Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3.1) unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and rank pari passu among themselves and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
2.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
This Condition 2.2 shall only apply to Guaranteed VPS Notes. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3.1) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time 
outstanding. 
3. 
COVENANTS 
3.1 
Negative Pledges 
So long as any of the VPS Notes remains outstanding (as defined below): 
(a) 
the Issuer will not, and will procure that none of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, 
create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest 
(each a Security Interest) upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the Issuer and/or any of 
its Subsidiaries, other than an Acquired Security Interest, to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the Issuer in the case of the creation of the Security 
Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action 
necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the VPS Notes are secured by the Security Interest 
equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the 
giving of a Security Interest) is provided as the VPS Noteholders may approve (in 
accordance with the meeting provisions in the VPS Trustee Agreement); and 
(b) 
the Guarantor (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) will not, and the Guarantor will 
procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, create or have outstanding any Security Interest 
upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future business, undertaking, assets or 
revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the Guarantor and/or any of its Subsidiaries,

--- Page 124 ---
114 
other than an Acquired Security Interest, to secure any Relevant Indebtedness unless the 
Guarantor, in the case of the creation of the Security Interest, before or at the same time 
and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Guarantee are secured by the Security Interest 
equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or guarantee or other arrangement (whether or not it 
includes the giving of a Security Interest) is provided as the VPS Noteholders may 
approve (in accordance with the meeting provisions in the VPS Trustee 
Agreement). 
3.2 
Financial Covenants 
So long as any Note remains outstanding: 
(a) 
the Solvency Ratio shall not exceed 0.65; and 
(b) 
the Secured Solvency Ratio shall not exceed 0.25. 
The Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor will promptly notify the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 in the event that any of the undertakings in this 
Condition 3.2 is breached at any time. 
A certificate by any two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed VPS 
Notes) the Guarantor as to any of the amounts referred to in this Condition 3.2, or any of the terms 
defined for the purposes of this Condition 3.2, shall be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
3.3 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(a) 
Acquired Security Interest means a Security Interest of any Person existing at the time 
such Person is acquired by and becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer, (in the case of the 
Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor or any Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of 
the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor, provided such Security Interest (i) was not 
created in contemplation of, and the principal amount secured has not increased in 
contemplation of or since, such acquisition and (ii) has not been extended to any additional 
assets or revenues in contemplation of or since such acquisition; 
(b) 
Authorised Signatory means any person who (a) is a Director or the Secretary of the Issuer 
or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor, or (b) has been notified by the 
Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor, in writing to the Trustee 
as being duly authorised to sign documents and to do other acts and things on behalf of the 
Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor for the purposes of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement or these Conditions; 
(c) 
Consolidated Total Assets means the total assets (excluding intangible assets) of the 
Group as shown in the most recent audited annual or unaudited semi-annual, as the case 
may be, consolidated financial statements of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed 
VPS Notes) the Guarantor; 
(d) 
Consolidated Total Indebtedness means the total Indebtedness (on a consolidated basis) 
of the Group as determined by reference to the most recent audited annual or unaudited 
semi-annual, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of (in the case of Notes

--- Page 125 ---
115 
other than Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed VPS Notes) the 
Guarantor; 
(e) 
Group means (in the case of Notes other than Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries or (in the case of Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries; 
(f) 
IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards, including International 
Accounting Standards and Interpretations, issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (as amended, supplemented or re-issued from time to time) as adopted by 
the European Union; 
(g) 
Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person at any date of determination (without 
duplication) any debt of such Person, including: 
(i) 
all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money in whatever form; 
(ii) 
all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other 
similar instruments; 
(iii) 
all obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit or other similar 
instruments (including reimbursement obligations with respect thereto, except to 
the extent any such reimbursement obligations relate to trade payables); 
(iv) 
all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of 
property, assets or services which purchase price is due more than 90 days after 
the earlier of the date of placing such property in service or taking delivery and 
title thereof or the completion of such services excluding: 
(A) 
any trade payables or other liability to trade creditors; and 
(B) 
any post-closing payment adjustments in connection with the purchase by 
the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor or any 
Subsidiary of any business to which the seller may become entitled, to the 
extent such payment is determined by a final closing balance sheet or such 
payment depends on the performance of such business after the closing 
and provided that (x) the amount of any such payment is not determinable 
at the time of closing and, (y) to the extent such payment thereafter 
becomes fixed and determined, the amount is paid within 90 days 
thereafter; 
(v) 
all capitalised lease obligations of such Person, to the extent treated as 
indebtedness in the financial statements of such Person under IFRS; 
(vi) 
all obligations of the type referred to in paragraphs (i) to (v) of other Persons 
guaranteed by such Person to the extent such obligation is guaranteed by such 
Person; and 
(vii) 
all obligations of the type referred to in paragraphs (i) to (vi) of other Persons 
secured by any Security Interest over any asset of such Person (the amount of such 
obligation being deemed to be the lesser of (A) the book value of such asset as 
shown in the most recent audited annual or unaudited semi-annual financial 
statements of such Person and (B) the amount of the obligation so secured), 
whether or not such indebtedness is assumed by such Person.

--- Page 126 ---
116 
For the purpose of determining the euro-equivalent of Indebtedness denominated in a 
foreign currency, the euro-equivalent principal amount of such Indebtedness pursuant 
thereto shall be calculated based on the relevant official central bank currency exchange 
rate in effect on the date of determination thereof. 
The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any date shall be the outstanding balance at 
such date of all unconditional obligations as described above provided that (i) with respect 
to contingent obligations as described above, will be the value of the contingency, if any, 
giving rise to the obligation as reported in that Person’s financial statements and (ii) in the 
case of Indebtedness sold at a discount, the amount of such Indebtedness at any time will 
be the accreted value thereof at such time; 
(h) 
Measurement Date means each day which is (i) the last day of the Issuer’s or (in the case 
of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor’s financial year in any year in respect of 
which audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer or (in the case of the 
Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor have been produced (the Annual Measurement 
Date) or (ii) the last day of the first half of the Issuer’s or (in the case of the Guaranteed 
VPS Notes) the Guarantor’s financial year in any year in respect of which unaudited semi-
annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed 
VPS Notes) the Guarantor have been produced (the Semi-Annual Measurement Date); 
(i) 
outstanding means, in relation to the VPS Notes, all such VPS Notes issued other than: 
(i) 
those VPS Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the VPS 
Conditions; 
(ii) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with 
the VPS Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest 
(if any) accrued to the date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under 
the VPS Conditions after that date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the 
VPS Agent (and where appropriate notice to that effect has been given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with the VPS Conditions) and remain available for 
payment to the holders of the relevant VPS Notes in accordance with their terms 
and conditions; 
(iii) 
those VPS Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with the 
VPS Conditions; and 
(iv) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under the 
VPS Conditions; 
(j) 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
(k) 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or 
are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-
counter or other securities market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any 
such indebtedness; 
(l) 
Reporting Date means a date falling no later than 30 days after (i) the publication of the 
Issuer’s or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor’s audited annual 
consolidated financial statements, with respect to an Annual Measurement Date, or (ii) the

--- Page 127 ---
117 
publication of the Issuer’s or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor’s 
unaudited semi-annual consolidated financial statements, with respect to a Semi-Annual 
Measurement Date; 
(m) 
Secured Consolidated Total Indebtedness means such amount of Consolidated Total 
Indebtedness that is secured by a Security Interest granted by the Issuer or (in the case of 
the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor or a Subsidiary of the Issuer or (in the case of 
the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor; 
(n) 
Secured Solvency Ratio means, in respect of any Measurement Date, (i) the Secured 
Consolidated Total Indebtedness divided by (ii) Consolidated Total Assets; 
(o) 
Solvency Ratio means, in respect of any Measurement Date, (i) the Consolidated Total 
Indebtedness (less cash and cash equivalents (as set out in the most recent audited annual 
or unaudited semi-annual, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor)) divided by (ii) 
Consolidated Total Assets; and 
(p) 
Subsidiary means, in relation to the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) 
the Guarantor, any company (i) in which the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS 
Notes) the Guarantor, holds a majority of the voting rights or (ii) of which the Issuer or (in 
the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor, is a member and has the right to 
appoint or remove a majority of the board of directors or (iii) of which the Issuer or (in the 
case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor is a member and controls a majority of 
the voting rights, and includes any company which is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor.  
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the VPS Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure (including after application of 
any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 4.1:

--- Page 128 ---
118 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 129 ---
119 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these VPS Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date, or the relevant 
payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these VPS Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 130 ---
120 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will (subject to Condition 4.2(f) below) be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction 
if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the VPS Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR, 
CIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR, Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR or Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of 4.2(b)(ii)(A) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of 4.2(b)(ii)(B) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent

--- Page 131 ---
121 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated 
to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Copenhagen inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it 
is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR), the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR), the 
Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Oslo inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 4.2(b)(ii): 
Reference Banks means (a) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (b) in the case 
of a determination of CIBOR, the principal Danish office of four major banks in the 
Copenhagen inter-bank market, (c) in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal 
Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market or (d) in the case 
of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm

--- Page 132 ---
122 
time) if the Reference Rate is STIBOR or 12.00 noon (Oslo time) if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR. 
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(A) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner), by no later than five Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.2(c)(i)(B) below) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 4.2(c)(i)(C) below) and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.2(c)(i)(D) below). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.2(c) shall act in 
good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the VPS Agent, the VPS 
Trustee or the VPS Noteholders for any determination made by it in connection 
with the operation of this Condition 4.2(c). 
(B) 
If: 
(1) 
the Independent Adviser determines that there is a Successor Rate, then 
such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as 
provided in Condition 4.2(c)(i)(C) below) shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further 
operation of this Condition 4.2(c)); or 
(2) 
the Independent Adviser determines that there is no Successor Rate but that 
there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate (as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 4.2(c)(i)(C) below) 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the subsequent further operation of this Condition 4.2(c)); or 
(3) 
either (I) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (II) a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is not determined pursuant to the 
operation of this Condition 4.2(c) or, in either case, an applicable 
Adjustment Spread is not determined pursuant to Condition 4.2(c)(i)(C) 
below, by no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date relating to any applicable Interest Period, the Original 
Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or component part(s) thereof) on such Interest 
Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 4.2(b)(ii) will (if applicable) continue to apply to such 
determination. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4.2(c)(i)(B) shall

--- Page 133 ---
123 
apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any 
subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.2(c). 
(C) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
4.2(c)(i)(B) above, the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which 
may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for 
determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable), subject to the subsequent further operation of and adjustment as 
provided, in this Condition 4.2(c). 
(D) 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4.2(c) and the 
Issuer and the Independent Adviser agree: (I) that amendments to these VPS 
Conditions and/or the VPS Trustee Agreement and/or the VPS Agency Agreement 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or (in either case) Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (II) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4.2(c)(i)(E) 
below, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the VPS Noteholders 
or the VPS Trustee, vary these VPS Conditions and/or the VPS Trustee Agreement 
and/or the VPS Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
4.2(c)(i)(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted 
to trading. 
(E) 
The Issuer shall no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date  notify the Calculation Agent, the VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee 
and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the VPS Noteholders of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
4.2(c). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the VPS Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
VPS Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer: 
(1) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred; (y) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate; and (z) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2(c);

--- Page 134 ---
124 
(2) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either 
case) Adjustment Spread; and 
(3) 
certifying that the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser 
with respect to each of the matters above.  
The VPS Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and (in either case) the Adjustment Spread, the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and any such other relevant changes pursuant to this 
Condition 4.2(c) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error 
in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without 
prejudice to the VPS Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee and 
the VPS Noteholders.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the VPS Trustee of a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 4.2(c)(i)(E), the VPS Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the VPS Agent 
shall, (at the Issuer’s expense and direction), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the VPS Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer 
in effecting any Benchmark Amendments required to the these VPS Conditions, 
the VPS Trustee Agreement and/or the VPS Agency Agreement (including, inter 
alia, by the execution of a deed or an agreement supplemental to or amending the 
VPS Trustee Agreement and/or the VPS Agency Agreement), the VPS Agency 
Agreement and these VPS Conditions and the VPS Trustee, the Calculation Agent 
and the VPS Agent shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, 
provided that none of the VPS Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the VPS Agent 
shall be obliged so to concur if in its sole opinion doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the protective provisions afforded 
to it in the VPS Conditions, the VPS Agency Agreement or the VPS Trustee 
Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trustee 
agreement or supplemental agency agreement) in any way. 
(F) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.2(c), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
4.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been 
notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if any), in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2(c). 
(G) 
If, in the case of any Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread is notified to the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 4.2(c)(i)(E), and the Calculation Agent, is in any way uncertain as to the 
application of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in 
the calculation or determination of any Rate of Interest, it shall promptly notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing (which 
direction may be by way of a written determination of an Independent Adviser) as 
to which course of action to adopt in the application of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the determination of such Rate of 
Interest. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or

--- Page 135 ---
125 
is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it 
shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. For the avoidance of doubt, for the period that the 
Calculation Agent remains uncertain of the application of the Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the calculation or determination of 
any Rate of Interest, the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 4.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply. 
(ii) 
As used in this Condition 4.2(c): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which is to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate, or (where (A) above does not apply) in the case 
of a Successor Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); or   
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that neither (A) nor (B) above applies) the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 4.2(c) has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency 
as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, such other rate 
as the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning specified in Condition 4.2(c)(i)(D); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(B) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the administrator or an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the

--- Page 136 ---
126 
Original Reference Rate) and (II) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (B)(I) above; 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (II) 
the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(I) above; 
(E) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (II) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(I) above;  
(F) 
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other party to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any VPS Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; and/or 
(G) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; 
 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4.2(c) at its own expense and with prior 
notification to the VPS Trustee; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest 
Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally 
specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced 
it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a 
Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of the Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate; or  
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (I) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate 
relates, (II) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (III) a group of the

--- Page 137 ---
127 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (IV) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is provided by law or regulation applicable to indebtedness denominated in the currency to 
which the Original Reference Rate relates and/or formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body.  
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:

--- Page 138 ---
128 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =

--- Page 139 ---
129 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the VPS Agent, the VPS 
Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 11 as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will promptly be notified 
to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and 
to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11.  For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London.  The notification of any 
rate or amount, if applicable, shall also be made to Euronext VPS by the Calculation Agent in

--- Page 140 ---
130 
accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations of Euronext VPS for the time being in 
effect. 
(h) 
Determination or Calculation by VPS Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine 
the Rate of Interest or in its obligation to calculate any Interest Amount in accordance with 
subparagraph 4.2(b)(i) or subparagraph 4.2(b)(ii) above, as the case may be, and in each case in 
accordance with paragraph (d) and (e) above, the VPS Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest 
at such rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition, but subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum 
Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances or, as the case may be, the VPS Trustee shall calculate the Interest Amount(s) in 
such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and each such 
determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor, the VPS Agent and all VPS 
Noteholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, (in the case 
of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor or the VPS Noteholders shall attach to the Calculation 
Agent or the VPS Trustee (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each VPS Note will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
VPS Note has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
4.4 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer, failing whom (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor, shall procure 
that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in 
respect of the VPS Notes and for so long as any VPS Note is outstanding.  Where more than one 
Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the VPS Notes, references in these VPS Conditions to 
the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the VPS Conditions.  If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with 
any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with prior notification to the VPS Trustee) appoint a leading 
bank or investment banking firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or 
any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place.  The Calculation Agent 
may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 141 ---
131 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
5.2 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS 
Noteholders will be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of Euronext VPS and will 
be effected through and in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to 
time governing Euronext VPS. 
The VPS Agent and any Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and (in the case of the 
Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any VPS Noteholder.  The Issuer and (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) 
the Guarantor reserve the right at any time, with prior notification to the VPS Trustee, to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or 
other agents, provided that the Issuer and (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor 
shall at all times maintain (i) a VPS Agent authorised to act as an account operating institution with 
Euronext VPS, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the VPS Conditions so require, and 
(iii) such other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the VPS Notes may be 
listed. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
5.3 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these purposes, Payment 
Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits):

--- Page 142 ---
132 
(i) 
in London; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
5.4 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7;  
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes;  
(e) 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the VPS Notes; 
(f) 
the Make-whole Redemption Amount (if any) of the VPS Notes; and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the VPS Notes. 
Any reference in the VPS Conditions to interest in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each VPS Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.6, the VPS Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if the VPS Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the VPS Notes are Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the VPS Trustee

--- Page 143 ---
133 
and the VPS Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11, the VPS Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the VPS Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 or (in the case 
of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its 
control to procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required 
to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the VPS Notes is not considered a change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of The Netherlands for the purposes of this Condition 6.2); and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS 
Notes) the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the VPS Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the VPS Trustee to make available to the VPS Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or (in the case of the 
Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate 
as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event 
it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
VPS Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
(a) 
Issuer Call (other than Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or (if redemption 
in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the VPS Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  If redemption in part is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not 
less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of VPS Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed will be selected 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, not more than 10 days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 144 ---
134 
(b) 
Issuer Call (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) 
If Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the 
Make-whole Redemption Date)), redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the VPS Notes then outstanding on any 
Make-whole Redemption Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and at the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date.  If redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of VPS Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed will be selected 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, not more than 30 days prior to the 
Make- whole Redemption Date. 
In this Condition 6.3(b), Make-whole Redemption Amount means: 
(A) the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined 
by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments 
of principal and interest to: 
(i) 
if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and the Optional 
Redemption Amount is specified as being an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 
per cent. of the principal amount of the relevant Note, the first Optional Redemption Date 
(assuming the Notes to be redeemed on such date), as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Maturity Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case, on the VPS Notes to be redeemed (not including any portion of such payments of 
interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the Make-whole Redemption Date on an 
annual basis at the Reference Rate plus the Make-whole Redemption Margin specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, where: 
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Make-whole Calculation Agent as 
having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the VPS Notes to be redeemed that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Notes; 
Make-whole Calculation Agent means a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank 
appointed by the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount, and 
notified to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11; 
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent advises the Issuer that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the relevant 
security specified is not appropriate for such purpose, such other central bank or government 
security as the Make-whole Calculation Agent may, with the advice of Reference Market Makers, 
determined to be appropriate;

--- Page 145 ---
135 
Reference Bond Price means (i) the average of five Reference Market Maker Quotations for the 
relevant Make-whole Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Market 
Maker Quotations, (ii) if the Make-whole Calculation Agent obtains fewer than five, but more than 
one, such Reference Market Maker Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only 
one such Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference Market 
Maker Quotation so obtained; 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and 
any Make-whole Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid 
and asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) quoted in writing to the Make-whole Calculation Agent at the Quotation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Reference Market Makers means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the 
Reference Bond selected by the Make-whole Calculation Agent or such other five persons 
operating in the market for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Make-
whole Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer; and 
Reference Rate means, with respect to any Make-whole Redemption Date, the rate per annum 
equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, calculated using a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond 
Price for such Make-whole Redemption Date.  The Reference Rate will be calculated on the 
Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.4 
Issuer Residual Call Option 
This Condition 6.4 applies to VPS Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date 
at the option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 6.2 or pursuant to 
the Issuer Call (other than Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer) described in Condition 6.3(a) or 
pursuant to the Issuer Call (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer) as described in Condition 
6.3(b)), such option being referred to as the Issuer Residual Call.  The applicable Final Terms 
contains provisions applicable to the Issuer Residual Call and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 6.4 for full information on the Issuer Residual Call.  In particular, the applicable Final 
Terms will identify the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount. 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any 
time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the VPS Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued, the VPS Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the VPS Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if the VPS Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 and 
not more than 60 days’ notice to the VPS Trustee and the VPS Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.4, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the VPS Trustee, to make available at its specified office to the VPS Noteholders, a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the outstanding aggregate 
nominal amount of the VPS Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
VPS Notes originally issued. The VPS Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate (without 
enquiry or liability to any person) as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition 
precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the VPS Noteholders.

--- Page 146 ---
136 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the VPS Noteholders upon a Change of Control 
If a Change of Control Put Event (as defined below) occurs, each VPS Noteholder shall have the 
option (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Notice (as defined below), the Issuer 
shall have given notice of redemption under Condition 6.2, Condition 6.3 or Condition 6.4 (if 
applicable)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) that VPS Noteholder’s VPS Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the Change of Control Settlement Date (as defined below).  Such 
option (the Change of Control Put Option) shall operate as set out below. 
If a Change of Control Put Event occurs then, within 5 days of the Issuer or (in the case of the 
Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor becoming aware that such Change of Control Put Event has 
occurred, the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor shall give notice 
(a Change of Control Notice) to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 specifying 
the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of 
Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of the relevant VPS Note must, within 
the period of 30 days after the Change of Control Notice is given by the Issuer or (in the case of 
the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor (the Change of Control Put Period), give notice (a 
Change of Control Exercise Notice) to the VPS Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
Any VPS Note which is the subject of a Change of Control Exercise Notice which has been 
delivered to the VPS Agent as described above prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Put 
Period shall be redeemed or, as the case may be, purchased by (or on behalf of) the Issuer on the 
date which is the seventh Business Day (as defined in Condition 4.2(a)) immediately following the 
last day of the Change of Control Put Period (the Change of Control Settlement Date). 
If 80 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the VPS Notes outstanding on the date on which the 
Change of Control Notice is given have been redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.5, the Issuer 
may at its option, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 11, the VPS Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption) given within 30 days after the Change of Control Settlement 
Date, redeem or purchase all outstanding VPS Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. 
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s Investors Service Limited (Moody’s), S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited, Sweden Branch (S&P) or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch) 
are changed from those which are described in paragraph (b) of the definition of “Change of Control 
Put Event” below, or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Guarantor shall 
determine the rating designations of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as 
appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch and 
this Condition 6.5 shall be construed accordingly. 
A Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
any person or any persons acting in concert, other than the Existing Holders or a holding 
company whose shareholders are or are to be substantially similar to the pre-existing 
shareholders of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor 
and/or any direct or indirect holding company of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed 
VPS Notes) the Guarantor, shall acquire a controlling interest in (A) shares in the stated 
capital of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor carrying 
more than 45 per cent. of the voting rights represented by the shares of the Issuer or (in the

--- Page 147 ---
137 
case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor (being voting rights which are capable 
of being exercised at a general meeting of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS 
Notes) the Guarantor) where as a result of such acquisition, such person will have an 
interest that is greater than that of the Existing Holders at the time of such acquisition or 
(B) shares in the stated capital of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) 
the Guarantor carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights represented by the shares 
of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor (being votes which 
are capable of being cast at a general meeting of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed 
VPS Notes) the Guarantor) (each such event being, a Change of Control); and 
(b) 
on the date (the Relevant Announcement Date) that is the earlier of (1) the date of the 
first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (2) the date of the earliest 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any): 
(i) 
the VPS Notes carry an investment grade credit rating (BBB-, or its equivalent, or 
better) (an Investment Grade Rating) from one or more Rating Agencies and, 
within the Change of Control Period, any such Rating Agency downgrades its 
rating of the VPS Notes to a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+, or its 
equivalent, or worse) or withdraws its rating of the VPS Notes and such rating is 
not within the Change of Control Period restored to an Investment Grade Rating 
by one or more such Rating Agencies or replaced by an Investment Grade Rating 
of another Rating Agency; or 
(ii) 
the VPS Notes do not carry an Investment Grade Rating from at least one Rating 
Agency and neither the Issuer nor (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the 
Guarantor is able to acquire and maintain thereafter an Investment Grade Rating 
during the Change of Control Period from at least one Rating Agency; and 
(c) 
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to paragraph (b) 
above or to decline to confer an Investment Grade Rating, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed 
VPS Notes) the Guarantor that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the 
occurrence of the Change of Control or the Relevant Potential Change of Control 
Announcement. 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date 
and ending 180 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period for which the VPS Notes 
are under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period 
ending 180 days after the Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a 
Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 180 days after the public announcement of such 
consideration); 
Existing Holders means, individually or jointly, any and all of (i) Gazit-Globe Ltd., and (ii) any 
person or persons from time to time controlling, controlled by or under common control with Gazit-
Globe Ltd., including (a) any person or persons that acquires a controlling interest in any of the 
persons referred to in (i) and (ii) above or (b) any person that succeeds to any of the persons referred 
to in (i) and (ii) above by way of a merger, liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or otherwise.  
For the purposes of this definition, control is deemed to be the ownership of or ability to direct 30 
per cent. or more of the equity share capital of a person; 
Rating Agency means Moody’s, S&P, Fitch or any of their respective successors or any other 
internationally recognised rating agency (a Substitute Rating Agency) substituted for any of them 
by the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor from time to time and 
notified to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11; and

--- Page 148 ---
138 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor, any actual or 
potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or potential bidder relating to any 
potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the date of such announcement or 
statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
6.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2, Condition 6.5 and Condition 9, each Note will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified 
Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such VPS Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such VPS Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to 
the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
VPS Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such VPS Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
6.7 
Purchases 
The Issuer, (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Issuer 
or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor may at any time purchase VPS Notes 
at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
6.8 
Cancellation 
All VPS Notes purchased by the Issuer, (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor, 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor may be

--- Page 149 ---
139 
held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer cancelled by the VPS Agent causing such VPS 
Notes to be deleted from the records of Euronext VPS.  All VPS Notes which are redeemed will 
forthwith be cancelled in the same manner. 
6.9 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4 or 6.5 above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.6(c) 
as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
(in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor will be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law.  In such event, the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor will pay 
such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders 
of the VPS Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the VPS Notes in 
the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any VPS Note: 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such VPS Note 
by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of such VPS Note; or 
(c) 
the holder of which is subject to such taxes or duties pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means The Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments by Citycon Treasury B.V. 
in its capacity as Issuer) or the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments by Citycon Oyj 
either in its capacity as Issuer or in its capacity as Guarantor, as applicable) or any 
jurisdiction from or through which the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) 
the Guarantor makes a payment in respect of the VPS Notes;    
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the VPS Agent on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys

--- Page 150 ---
140 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the VPS Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The VPS Notes will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
9.1 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the VPS Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of three 
days; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor fails to perform or 
observe any of its other obligations under these VPS Conditions or the Guarantee and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 
14 days following the service by the VPS Trustee on the Issuer or (in the case of the 
Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor of notice, addressed to the Issuer or (in the case of 
the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor and requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer, (in the case 
of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor or any of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in 
the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor, if applicable, becomes capable of 
being declared due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however 
described); (ii) the Issuer, (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor or any 
of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor 
fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due 
date for payment; (iii) any security given by the Issuer, (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS 
Notes) the Guarantor or any of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of the 
Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor, if applicable, for any Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer, (in the case of the 
Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor or any of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the 
case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor, if applicable, in making any payment 
due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money of any other person; provided that no event described in this 
subparagraph 9.1(c) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the relevant amount of 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or other relative liability due and unpaid, either alone 
or when aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts of Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money and/or other liabilities due and unpaid relative to all (if any) other events 
specified in (i) to (iv) above, amounts to at least €35,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency); or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor or any 
of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor, 
if applicable, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by the 
VPS Noteholders (in accordance with the meeting provisions in the VPS Trustee 
Agreement); or

--- Page 151 ---
141 
(e) 
if the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor ceases or threatens 
to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business or any of the Subsidiaries 
of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor, if applicable, 
ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business, 
save in either case for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by the 
VPS Noteholders (in accordance with the meeting provisions in the VPS Trustee 
Agreement), or the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor or 
any of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the 
Guarantor stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, 
its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts 
pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt 
or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS 
Notes) the Guarantor or any of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of the 
Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents 
filed with a court) for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or (in the case 
of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor or any of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in 
the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor in relation to the whole or any part 
of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the 
whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force 
against the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any 
case (other than the appointment of an administrator or an administrative receiver 
appointed following presentation of a petition for an administration order) unless initiated 
by the relevant company, is not discharged within l4 days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer, (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor or any of the 
Subsidiaries of the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor (or 
their respective directors or shareholders) initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation 
or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its 
creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a 
proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its 
creditors); or 
(h) 
if (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Issuer ceases to be a subsidiary wholly 
owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor; or 
(i) 
if (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by 
the Issuer or the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect, 
then the VPS Trustee may, pursuant to the terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement, by written notice 
addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the 
Guarantor, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Issuer or (in the case of the Guaranteed 
VPS Notes) the Guarantor declare any VPS Notes to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the 
same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other 
notice of any kind.

--- Page 152 ---
142 
9.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the VPS Conditions, Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any 
indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any 
borrowed money or any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or any 
notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities. 
10. 
TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE OF VPS NOTES 
10.1 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo 
Business Days after the date of the relevant transaction.  VPS Notes may be transferred between 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time 
being, of Euronext VPS.  A transfer of VPS Notes which is held in Euronext VPS through Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking, S.A. is only possible by using an account operator linked to 
Euronext VPS. 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.1, Oslo Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo. 
10.2 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required 
to register the transfer of any VPS Note called for partial redemption. 
10.3 
Costs of registration and administration of the Euronext VPS Register 
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration, 
transfer or administration in relation to the register maintained by Euronext VPS, except for any 
costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may 
require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge 
that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
11. 
NOTICES 
Notices to Euronext VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to Euronext VPS 
for communication by it to the VPS Noteholders.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the VPS Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted 
to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority 
if required by those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of 
the VPS Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was delivered to Euronext VPS. 
12. 
SUBSTITUTION 
This Condition 12 only applies to Guaranteed VPS Notes. 
The Issuer or any previously substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the VPS 
Noteholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the VPS Notes a company (the 
Substitute) as principal debtor under the VPS Notes, provided that no payment in respect of the 
VPS Notes is at the relevant time overdue.  The substitution shall be made by an English law 
governed deed poll (the Deed Poll) and may take place only if:

--- Page 153 ---
143 
(a) 
the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each VPS Noteholder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by 
any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute’s residence for tax 
purposes and/or, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any VPS Note and which 
would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the 
substitution; 
(b) 
if, where the Substitute is not the Guarantor, the obligations of the Substitute under the 
Deed Poll and the VPS Notes shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor by means of the Guarantee; 
(c) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll and the VPS Notes 
represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and in the 
case of the Deed Poll and the Guarantee of the Guarantor have been taken, fulfilled and 
done and are in full force and effect; 
(d) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the VPS Agency Agreement and VPS Trustee 
Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original 
party to it; 
(e) 
each stock exchange or listing authority which has the VPS Notes listed on such stock 
exchange shall have confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the Substitute 
the VPS Notes would continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(f) 
legal opinions addressed to the VPS Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care 
of the VPS Trustee) from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in 
each jurisdiction referred to in (a) above and in England as to the fulfilment of the preceding 
conditions of this Condition 12; 
(g) 
The Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the VPS 
Noteholders, stating that copies, or, pending execution, the agreed text, of all documents 
in relation to the substitution which are referred to above, or which might otherwise 
reasonably be regarded as material to VPS Noteholders, will be available for inspection at 
the specified office of each of the VPS Agent and VPS Trustee.  References in Condition 
8 to obligations under the VPS Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under the 
Deed Poll, and the events listed in Condition 9, shall be deemed to include an additional 
Event of Default if the Substitute ceases to be wholly-owned and controlled by the 
Guarantor; and 
(h) 
the reference to The Netherlands in Condition 7 shall be replaced by references to the 
jurisdiction of a country of residence of the Substitute for tax purposes. 
13. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
13.1 
Provisions with respect to holders of VPS Notes 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the VPS Noteholders 
(including by way of audio or video conference call) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including sanctioning resolutions by a majority of votes (or, in the case of the modification of 
certain provisions of the VPS Notes and the VPS Trustee Agreement (as set out in Condition 13.2(a) 
below), sanctioning by a majority of two thirds of votes).  Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer, the VPS Trustee, Oslo Stock Exchange or by VPS Noteholders holding not less than 10 per 
cent. of the Voting VPS Notes.

--- Page 154 ---
144 
For the purpose of this Condition 13.1, Voting VPS Notes means the aggregate nominal amount 
of the total number of VPS Notes not redeemed or otherwise discharged in Euronext VPS, less the 
VPS Notes owned by the Issuer any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer or any party 
over whom the Issuer has decisive influence. 
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding at least one half 
of the Voting VPS Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
holders of Voting VPS Notes whatever the nominal amount of the VPS Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes any matter set out in 
Condition 13.2(a) below, the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding VPS Notes, or at any adjourned 
such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in aggregate 
nominal amount of the VPS Notes for the time being outstanding.  A resolution passed at any 
meeting of the VPS Noteholders shall be binding on all the VPS Noteholders, whether or not they 
are present at such meeting. 
13.2 
Modification 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that: 
(a) 
in order to make the following amendments, a majority of at least two-thirds of the votes 
cast in respect of Voting VPS Notes is required: 
(i) 
modification of the Maturity Date of the VPS Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon 
maturity; 
(ii) 
reduction or calculation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment 
date in respect of any interest in relation to the VPS Notes or variation of the 
method of calculating the rate of interest in respect of the VPS Notes; 
(iii) 
reduction of any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iv) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to be 
made; 
(v) 
any alteration of Clause 4.1(f) of the VPS Trustee Agreement (which sets out the 
matters for which a majority of two-thirds of votes is required); 
(vi) 
the transfer of rights and obligations under the VPS Conditions and the VPS 
Trustee Agreement to another Issuer; and/or 
(vii) 
a change of VPS Trustee; 
(b) 
save as set out in Condition 13.2(a)(i) above, the VPS Trustee, without providing prior 
written notice to, or consultation with, the VPS Noteholders may make decisions binding 
on all affected VPS Noteholders relating to the Final Terms, the VPS Conditions and/or 
the VPS Trustee Agreement provided that such decision is either (x) not detrimental to the 
rights and benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders in any material respect, (y) made solely 
for rectifying obvious errors and mistakes, or (z) required to be made pursuant to law, court 
order or other administrative decision.  The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify 
the affected VPS Noteholders of any proposal to make such amendments, setting out the 
date from which the amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is 
unnecessary.

--- Page 155 ---
145 
14. 
VPS TRUSTEE 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee and 
for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction.  VPS Noteholders are deemed to have accepted and 
will be bound by the VPS Conditions and the terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the VPS Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from 
which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding VPS Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this VPS Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any 
person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing law 
The VPS Notes and the Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the VPS Notes and the Guarantee are governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law, save that VPS Conditions 1, 10, 13 and 14 (and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with VPS Conditions 1, 10, 13 and 14) are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
The VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement (and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the VPS Trustee Agreement and VPS Agency Agreement) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 
no. 6 (the CSD Act) which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 (CSDR) into Norwegian 
law, and, to the extent applicable, the Norwegian Securities Register Act of 5 July 2002 no. 64 (the 
VPS Act), as amended or replaced from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled 
to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this act and any 
related regulations and legislation. The registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS as well as the 
recording and transfer of ownership to, and other interests in, VPS Notes will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 17.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes, including any dispute as to 
their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the 
Issuer, (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor and any VPS Noteholders 
in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

--- Page 156 ---
146 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 17.2, the Issuer and (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS 
Notes) the Guarantor waive any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they 
are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the VPS Noteholders or the VPS Trustee (on behalf of the 
VPS Noteholders) may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any 
other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Each of the Issuer and (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor irrevocably 
appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited as its agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of 
Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it 
will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of 
any Dispute.  Each of the Issuer and (in the case of the Guaranteed VPS Notes) the Guarantor agrees 
that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein 
shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 157 ---
147 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes, including for the development of existing properties, to acquire new properties, to increase 
shareholdings in existing joint ventures, to refinance the Group’s existing indebtedness or for the purposes 
of the Group’s Green Financing Framework, which enables Citycon to integrate sustainability objectives 
in its financing activities. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will 
be stated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 158 ---
148 
DESCRIPTION OF CITYCON TREASURY 
Overview 
Citycon Treasury B.V. (Citycon Treasury) was incorporated in The Netherlands as a private company 
with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) on 17 June 2011.  Citycon 
Treasury operates under Dutch law.  The registered office of Citycon Treasury is Hullenbergweg 300, 1101 
BV Amsterdam, The Netherlands.  Citycon Treasury’s registration number at the Dutch Chamber of 
Commerce is 52962733 and its telephone number is +31 (0)20 217 0926. 
Corporate Purpose 
As set out in Article 3 of the Articles of Association of Citycon Treasury, Citycon Treasury was 
incorporated for the purpose of: 
• 
borrowing and/or lending moneys, providing security or guarantee or otherwise warranting 
performance jointly and severally on behalf of third parties; 
• 
incorporating, participating in and conducting the management of other companies and 
enterprises; 
• 
rendering administrative, technical, financial, economic or managerial services to other 
companies, persons and enterprises; and 
• 
acquiring, disposing of, managing, utilising and developing real property, personal property and 
other goods, including patents, trademark rights, licences, permits and other industrial property 
rights, 
in each case whether or not in collaboration with third parties and inclusive of the performance and 
promotion of all activities which directly and indirectly relate to those purposes. 
Capital and Shareholders 
The authorised share capital of Citycon Treasury is EUR 90,000, divided into ordinary shares with a par 
value of EUR 100 each.  As at the date of this Offering Circular, Citycon Treasury’s total capitalisation is 
EUR 22,100, consisting of 221 ordinary shares which have been issued and fully paid at par and are directly 
owned by the Guarantor. 
Board of Directors 
The table below sets forth details of the current members of the managing board (bestuur) of Citycon 
Treasury. 
Name 
Year of Birth 
Position 
Arend Doppenberg .....................................................  
1975 
Director A 
Ben Helsing ................................................................  
1977 
Director B 
Robin Rozenberg .......................................................  
1971 
Director B 
Marko Mattila ............................................................  
1981 
Director B 
 
There are no conflicts of interest between the members of the managing board of Citycon Treasury and 
their private or other interests. 
The business address of each member of the managing board of Citycon Treasury is Hullenbergweg 300, 
1101 BV Amsterdam, The Netherlands.  Citycon Treasury has no board of supervisory directors (raad van 
commissarissen).

--- Page 159 ---
149 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Citycon Treasury is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Citycon Treasury is aware) in 
the 12 months preceding the date of this Offering Circular which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of Citycon Treasury. 
Financial Year 
The financial year of Citycon Treasury coincides with the calendar year. 
Auditors and Financial Information 
In 2014 Ernst & Young Accountants LLP were appointed as the external auditors of Citycon Treasury.  
Citycon Treasury prepared the financial statements in accordance with Title 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil 
Code.  The financial statements of Citycon Treasury for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020 are incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. 
Citycon Treasury is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent.  The results of operations and financial 
position of Citycon Treasury are fully consolidated in the Group’s consolidated annual financial statements.  
Citycon Treasury is a special purpose finance subsidiary that provides financing to other members of the 
Group.  The Group’s consolidated annual financial statements incorporated by reference into this Offering 
Circular fully incorporate Citycon Treasury’s results of operations and financial position. 
Audit Committee 
Citycon Treasury qualifies as a public interest entity (organisatie van openbaar belang) which under the 
Eighth Company Law Directive (2006/43/EC) as transposed in and pursuant to Section 21a of the Dutch 
Audit Firms Supervision Act (Wet toezicht accountantsorganisaties) is required to have an audit committee 
unless an exception applies.  Citycon Treasury relies on an exception which applies if the audit committee 
of Citycon Treasury’s parent undertaking (in this case the Guarantor) adheres to certain principles with 
respect to its external auditor and audit committee as set out in Section 3(a) of the Dutch Decree on the 
establishment of an audit committee (Besluit instelling auditcommissie).

--- Page 160 ---
150 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PARENT 
Overview 
Citycon is a leading owner, manager and developer of mixed-use centres for urban living including retail, 
office space and housing in the Nordic and Baltic region, with assets under management totalling 
approximately EUR 4.5 billion at 31 March 2021 (including the fair value of investment properties and 
Kista Galleria (on a 50 per cent. basis)) and a market capitalisation of approximately EUR 1.3 billion at 31 
March 2021 and approximately EUR 1.4 billion at 31 December 2020. Headquartered in Espoo (Helsinki 
Metropolitan Area), Finland, Citycon is the number one shopping centre owner in Finland and among the 
market leaders in Norway, Sweden and Estonia.18 Citycon has also established a foothold in Denmark. On 
31 March 2021 and on 31 December 2020, Citycon owned 3719 and 4020 shopping centres, respectively, 
and one other retail property.   
Citycon focuses on leading shopping centres in the largest cities in the Nordics. The vast majority of 
Citycon’s properties are urban, grocery-anchored and well connected to public transport. The shopping 
centres are located close to residential areas and office locations and, therefore, are easily accessible. 
Citycon actively (re)develops its properties to improve their vitality and competitiveness. Large, well-
established shopping centres represent the core of Citycon’s property portfolio and the seven largest assets 
account for approximately 50 per cent. of its portfolio. In addition to wholly owned properties, Citycon 
may be a co-owner of properties with joint venture partners. This ownership structure is selected from time 
to time for the largest investments to free up capital for, amongst other things, the (re)development of other 
properties in Citycon’s portfolio. 
Citycon’s shopping centres are typically grocery-anchored and the major tenants include specialty and 
grocery chains as well as cafés and restaurants, banks and financial institutions, fashion tenants and 
municipal and other public administration. Citycon’s ten largest tenants (by rental income) and shopping 
centre rental income by segment as at 31 December 2020 are illustrated in the below figures: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18 Source: Company reports, Pangea Property Partners analysis 2020 and Finnish Shopping Centres 2020.   
19 Including Kista Galleria, assuming that the ownership is 50 per cent. 
20 Including Kista Galleria, assuming that the ownership is 50 per cent.

--- Page 161 ---
151 
Citycon’s business operations are divided into three business units: Finland & Estonia, Norway, and 
Sweden & Denmark. Each business unit is further divided into clusters. In the cluster organisational model, 
shopping centres are combined to form entities that are led by commercial directors. As of 31 March 2021, 
the Finnish and Estonian unit was composed of two clusters, the Norwegian unit of three clusters and the 
Swedish and Danish unit of two clusters. The clusters are supported by centralised leasing, development, 
marketing and finance teams. 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2020, Citycon’s IFRS operating profit was EUR 34.1 million. 
Citycon’s rent collection level was at 96 per cent. in 2020 and at 92 per cent. during the first quarter of 
2021. As of 31 March 2021, Citycon had 238 full-time employees of whom 86 worked in Norway, 51 in 
Finland and Estonia, 62 in Sweden and Denmark and 39 in Group functions. 
Citycon has been rated BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P, Baa3 (stable outlook) by Moody’s and BBB- (stable 
outlook) by Fitch. 
Citycon is a public limited company incorporated on 13 April 1988 under the laws of Finland with 
registration number 0699505-3, and the Citycon shares have been listed on the Helsinki stock exchange 
(now Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd., the Helsinki Stock Exchange) since November 1988. As of the date of this 
Offering Circular, Citycon’s registered office is located at Piispansilta 9A, 3rd floor, 02230 Espoo Finland. 
Its telephone number is +358 207 664 400. Its legal entity identifier (LEI) is 549300P8N0P6KDGTJ206. 
Operational History 
Citycon was established in 1988 by the Insurance Company Sampo Pension Ltd, Imatran Voima Oy, 
Rakennustoimisto A. Puolimatka Oy and Postipankki. During the same year, Citycon was listed on the 
Helsinki Stock Exchange. Initially, Citycon’s business focused on office premises.  
In 1998, Citycon’s business concept was modified and the focus was shifted to Finnish retail properties. 
Citycon acquired retail properties throughout Finland from Kesko Corporation, Merita Real Estate Ltd. and 
Nova Life Insurance Company Ltd.  
Citycon almost doubled its property portfolio in 1999 through acquisitions, including acquiring majority 
stakes in 11 shopping centres in Finland and minority stakes in Koskikeskus, Tampere and Jyväskeskus, 
Jyväskylä. As a result of the acquisitions, the sellers, including Nordea, Kesko and Sampo with their group 
companies, became significant shareholders of Citycon.  
In 2003, Citycon refined its business strategy to include development of properties in addition to owning, 
leasing and managing retail premises. The ownership base of Citycon changed significantly as the former 
major owners Kesko, Nordea and Sampo sold their shareholdings and international investors became the 
largest group of owners in Citycon.  
The expansion outside Finland began in 2005 when Citycon acquired its first properties in Sweden and 
Estonia. Citycon acquired 75 per cent. of the Åkersberga Centrum shopping centre in Sweden in July 2005, 
and, Citycon also expanded its operations into Estonia, acquiring Tallinn’s Rocca al Mare shopping centre.  
In 2006, Citycon continued its expansion into new market areas when it purchased the Mandarinas shopping 
centre in the capital of Lithuania, Vilnius. New properties were also acquired in Finland, Sweden and 
Estonia during 2007. In 2007, Citycon also completed the acquisition of Iso Omena shopping centre in 
Espoo.  
In 2008, Citycon redefined the focus in its growth strategy and started to put more emphasis on the 
(re)development of existing shopping centres instead of new acquisitions. Of these (re)development 
projects, the Trio shopping centre in Lahti was opened to the public in its entirety at the end of 2008, and 
the extension project of the Rocca al Mare shopping centre in Tallinn as well as the new shopping centre 
Liljeholmstorget Galleria in Stockholm were completed in 2009.

--- Page 162 ---
152 
In 2010, Citycon continued (re)developing its existing shopping centres, the most important projects being 
the Åkersberga Centrum in the Greater Stockholm Area, Espoontori in Espoo and Forum in Jyväskylä. In 
addition, Citycon began construction in Myllypuro, Helsinki, and Martinlaakso, Vantaa, with the purpose 
of rebuilding the old-fashioned retail centres into modern shopping centres.  
During 2011, Citycon acquired two shopping centres, Högdalen Centrum in Stockholm and Kristiine 
Keskus in Tallinn. Citycon also launched the (re)development of the Koskikeskus shopping centre in 
Tampere, (re)development and extension project of the Magistral shopping centre in Tallinn and the 
refurbishment of Åkermyntan Centrum in Stockholm. In July 2011, Citycon introduced its clarified 
strategy, with a stronger focus on growth in its core business. In addition to the existing operating countries, 
the other Nordic and Baltic countries, namely Norway, Denmark and Latvia, were included in the strategy. 
Supermarket and shop properties were defined as non-core properties with the aim to dispose of such assets 
within the coming years.  
During 2012, Citycon acquired the shopping centre Arabia in Helsinki and the shopping centre Albertslund 
Centrum in the Greater Copenhagen area, which was Citycon’s first acquisition in Denmark.  
In 2013, Citycon and CPPIB jointly acquired the Kista Galleria shopping centre in Stockholm. Citycon also 
started the extension and (re)development of its largest shopping centre in Finland, Iso Omena in Espoo. 
The estimated cost for the project including partial (re)development of the existing shopping centre 
amounted to approximately EUR 250 million. In 2013, Citycon received investment grade ratings from 
both S&P and Moody’s. 
In 2014, Citycon continued updating its property portfolio in line with its strategy. Citycon acquired GIC’s 
40 per cent. stake in the Iso Omena shopping centre in Espoo, increasing Citycon’s stake in the centre to 
100 per cent. Citycon also joined forces with NCC to build Mölndal Galleria shopping centre in Gothenburg 
and continued its disposal strategy by divesting non-core assets, including the Mandarinas shopping centre 
in Vilnius. 
In 2015, Citycon acquired Sektor Gruppen in Norway. Through the acquisition of Sektor Gruppen, Citycon 
gained exposure throughout the entire Nordic region, while increasing its assets under management by 
nearly 50 per cent., from EUR 3.4 billion to EUR 4.9 billion. In 2015, the extension and (re)development 
project of shopping centre IsoKristiina, located in Lappeenranta, Finland, was also completed. 
In August 2016, Citycon opened the first part of the shopping centre Iso Omena’s extension in Espoo, 
Helsinki area. In April 2017, the second and final phase of the extension and (re)development of Iso Omena 
was completed and opened to customers. Iso Omena is currently almost fully leased and it has about 220 
different shops and services. Iso Omena has over 100,000 square metres (sq. m.) of gross leasable area, of 
which retail premises cover 85,000 sq. m. 
In 2017, Citycon acquired the first and second part of the shopping centre Straedet in Køge in the greater 
Copenhagen area for EUR 12.5 million and EUR 60.0 million, respectively. In 2018, Citycon acquired the 
final part for EUR 9.0 million. The shopping centre has a gross leasable area of approximately 18,900 sq. 
m., is comprised of 40 retail units, cafés and restaurants and is anchored by two grocery retailers, fashion 
stores such as H&M and a cinema. Citycon continued its disposal strategy during 2017 and disposed non-
core shopping centres in Finland, Sweden and Norway for a combined EUR 325.0 million. 
In September 2018, Citycon opened the EUR 116.0 million Mölndal Galleria in the Greater Gothenburg 
area, which consists of two floors and 24,000 sq. m. of retail, groceries, food & beverage and services. The 
Mölndal Galleria is the first brand new shopping centre in the Greater Gothenburg Area in over 12 years 
and will serve Mölndal’s growing population of approximately 45,000. In the same year, Citycon divested 
five secondary assets in Finland, Norway and Sweden for EUR 96.0 million, improving the average asset 
quality of its asset portfolio.

--- Page 163 ---
153 
In May 2019, Citycon entered into agreements to sell two land plots in Vuosaari, Helsinki, for a total value 
of EUR 9.4 million. The first of the two divestments was closed in September 2019 for EUR 5.9 million 
and the sale of the second plot will be completed following the approval of the zoning. The divestments 
reflect Citycon’s strategy to focus on larger, urban and grocery-anchored shopping centres in the Nordics. 
In June 2019, Citycon announced that it had signed an agreement to sell two shopping centres in Finland 
for EUR 76.8 million to a Nordic real estate investor NREP.  The two shopping centres that were divested 
were shopping centre Arabia in Helsinki and shopping centre Duo in Tampere. The transaction closed 
during the second quarter of 2019. The proceeds from the transaction were mainly used to repay debt. 
In September 2019, Citycon announced its long-term densification plans at its Capital Markets Day. 
Citycon’s aim is to become more of an urban mixed-use developer and owner in the long-term. Citycon 
already has some residential exposure and has significant potential in its portfolio to build more residential. 
In November 2019, Citycon launched its Green Financing Framework. The Green Financing Framework is 
expected to further support Citycon’s profile as a forerunner in sustainability and enable Citycon to broaden 
its investor base.  
Also in November 2019, Citycon opened the world´s largest solar park with snow melting technology on 
the roof of shopping centre Down Town in Norway. This brings the total number of solar panels to almost 
6,800 throughout its portfolio. 
In February 2020, Citycon acquired the remaining interest in Sektor Portefølje II AS, a portfolio of three 
shopping centres in Norway. The three shopping centres involved in the transaction, Stovner Senter, 
Torvbyen and Markedet, have been managed by Citycon since 2015. Citycon had previously owned 20 per 
cent. of the portfolio. The transaction cost amounted to EUR 145.9 million, of which Citycon assumed 
existing debt of EUR 135.9 million and paid a cash purchase price for shares of EUR 10.0 million. The 
transaction closed on 6 February 2020. At the beginning of March 2020, Citycon sold Markedet for EUR 
11.6 million.   
In May 2020, Fitch assigned a BBB- credit rating with a stable outlook to Citycon. Since then Citycon has 
maintained an investment grade credit rating from all three major credit rating agencies. 
Citycon bought out 24 per cent. of minority shareholders in Heikintori Oy, which holds a shopping centre 
in Espoo, Finland, on 31 March 2020. After the transaction Citycon’s ownership of Heikintori Oy was 93 
per cent. and on 29 April 2021 Citycon acquired the full ownership (100 per cent.) of Heikintori Oy.   
On 20 November 2020, Citycon acquired certain land plots next to Kristiine shopping centre in Tallin, 
Estonia for a total price of EUR 1.6 million.  
During the first quarter of 2021, Citycon divested three lower-tier, non-core assets in the Stockholm area 
with a gross leasable area of sq. m. 57,900 at the total gross purchase price of EUR 147.0 million in line 
with Citycon’s strategy to focus on larger, grocery/municipal services-anchored, urban hubs with a 
connection to transportation links and which provide further densification potential to add residential units, 
offices and other complimentary uses. The closing of the transactions occurred on 31 March 2021.  
Vision, Mission, Strategy and Values 
Citycon’s strategy is supported by Citycon’s vision, mission and values. 
Strategy 
Citycon’s strategy is to be a pan-Nordic retail real estate player focused on urban, grocery-anchored 
shopping centres in the best locations in the Nordics.  Citycon aims to create value by owning, managing

--- Page 164 ---
154 
and developing the centres based on the needs of the surrounding community.  Citycon’s strategy is based 
on these three pillars: 
Right assets 
• 
Focusing on necessity-based, multifunctional shopping centres connected to public transport in 
growing urban areas.  Citycon will look into the densification opportunities in its portfolio to 
become more of a mixed-use property owner. 
Retail experts 
• 
Using and developing Citycon’s retail expertise at each stage of the shopping centre value chain in 
order to create pleasant shopping experiences and sustainable solutions for tenants and visitors. 
Strong capital base 
• 
Allocating capital efficiently and maintaining a conservative gearing level in order to finance 
developments and maximise returns. 
Everyday shopping in urban crosspoints 
Citycon’s community-oriented shopping centres are located in the largest and fastest growing cities in the 
Nordics and placed in urban environments close to where customers live and work and with a direct 
connection to public transport, health care and municipal services.  Citycon’s shopping centres have a 
necessity-based nature as they are typically anchored by grocery stores and other daily shopping.  The 
centres are typically dominant in their catchment areas and they create natural, attractive urban venues that 
cater to all of their customers’ daily needs.  Citycon enriches and creates value for the societies in which it 
operates, by creating a vivid and vibrant community hub indoor and outdoor.  Citycon is also investigating 
mixed-use densification opportunities in its portfolio to further strengthen its shopping centres and to tie 
them even closer to the surrounding community. 
Expertise in building attractive and multifunctional shopping centres 
Citycon’s in-depth expertise in all parts of shopping centre value creation – owning, managing and 
developing – combined with strong local market knowledge and understanding of the customer’s needs 
enables Citycon to build attractive mixed-use shopping centres in the region where retailers can thrive.  
Citycon’s platform of daily shopping centres makes it an ideal partner for local and international retailers 
wanting to increase their presence in the region. 
Growth strategy and joint ventures 
An integral part of Citycon’s growth strategy has been capital recycling and historically the portfolio has 
grown through property acquisitions, through which Citycon has grown in Finland and expanded its 
operations into Sweden, Norway, Estonia and Denmark. As a part of the capital recycling strategy, Citycon 
actively divests non-core assets to re-direct capital to strategic assets. As a result, Citycon has divested non-
core properties in Norway, Finland, Sweden, Estonia and Lithuania in order to be able to better focus on 
core centres.  Non-core properties comprise of smaller shopping centres in non-growing areas outside the 
largest cities in the region.  Citycon intends to continue the divestment of its non-core properties to further 
improve the average quality and size of the property portfolio and strengthen the balance sheet. 
Additionally, Citycon continuously monitors the real estate market for prospective acquisitions.  In addition 
to independent acquisitions, Citycon’s strategy includes building joint venture partnerships with top-quality 
Finnish and international players in selected core properties and Citycon is actively looking at such 
opportunities. As a central part of its strategy, Citycon is actively increasing the proportion of residential 
and office space to diversify the portfolio composition and to create synergies with the necessity-based 
retail assets.

--- Page 165 ---
155 
Efficient portfolio financing 
Citycon focuses on having a strong capital base with an appropriate gearing level, low cost of debt and 
flexible access to debt financing supported by investment-grade credit ratings.  Sufficient and attractively 
priced financing gives Citycon the capacity and flexibility to deliver on its strategy and to buy, sell or 
develop when opportunities arise.  Long-term joint venture partnerships extend Citycon’s capital base, 
spread the risk and leverage the expertise. 
Responsible shopping centre management at the heart of Citycon’s operations 
Citycon believes that operating sustainably is a key cornerstone in creating long-term value and hence it is 
committed to sustainable development, social responsibility and contribution to the surrounding community 
in everything it does. 
Values 
Citycon’s values act as a compass for Citycon’s actions: 
Passionate 
• 
Dedicated to retail 
• 
Drive results 
• 
Take ownership and responsibility 
• 
Take pride in Citycon’s work 
Solution oriented 
• 
Deliver customer convenience 
• 
Hands-on and action-oriented 
• 
Dedicated to long-term value creation 
• 
Forward-looking 
Together One 
• 
One Citycon, One Brand 
• 
Work together, pulling in the same direction 
• 
Encourage, challenge and support each other 
• 
A valuable member of the community 
Competitive Strengths 
Citycon’s strategy is built on the following key competitive strengths: 
Leading Market Position in Core Markets 
Citycon is a leading retail real estate company with meaningful scale in Finland, Norway, Sweden and 
Estonia.  Citycon’s strength lies in its ability to efficiently provide the same quality service to customers in 
multiple locations and countries through centralising certain core functions while at the same time 
decentralising other functions, as appropriate.

--- Page 166 ---
156 
Operational Focus on Urban Locations in Capital and Major Nordic Cities 
Approximately 85 per cent. of properties owned by Citycon are located in capital or second largest cities 
and approximately 70 per cent. located in capital cities.  In such areas, the growth of the population and the 
income level have traditionally supported retail trade and in addition, the liquidity of the real estate market 
has typically been good in these areas.  Citycon’s focus on grocery-anchored daily shopping in urban 
locations drives strong footfall. 
Strong and Stable Cash Flow 
Citycon’s current property portfolio and rental agreement structure provide a solid basis for a stable cash 
flow and net rental revenue based on high occupancy rate and favourable average remaining length of the 
lease portfolio, which on 31 March 2021 was 2.9 years.  The economic occupancy rate21 of Citycon’s 
properties has been on a level that Citycon deems to be good in the past five years at around 94–97 per 
cent., and on 31 March 2021, it was 93.2 per cent.22 At the same time, the retail occupancy rate was 93.8 
per cent.  
Expertise in all Aspects of Shopping Centre Management 
Citycon’s strategy is to own, manage and develop shopping centres.  This broad expertise provides Citycon 
with the opportunity to take a holistic approach in shopping centre management.  Citycon seeks to generate 
long-term earnings growth and enhanced portfolio value through operational improvement and 
(re)development operations.  Management’s development experience together with a leading position in 
the Nordic shopping centre market enables early identification of development potential in Citycon’s 
existing and potential new properties.  Citycon also actively looks at densification opportunities in the 
portfolio to incorporate mixed-use elements into its shopping centres.   
Experienced Management 
Citycon’s management has a wide-ranging experience in the real estate market, shopping centre 
management and financing matters.  Members of Citycon’s corporate management committee (Corporate 
Management Committee) have long-term experience in leasing, maintenance and development of retail 
premises.  Management believes that this experience and knowledge enables Citycon to win new customers 
as well as carry out successful development projects and property acquisition. 
Citycon’s Business 
Citycon takes care of the general administration, commercial management, leasing and marketing of its 
shopping centres and other retail properties by way of its personnel operating on the premises.  Citycon 
also develops its shopping centres continuously through its property development operation, which is 
responsible for the adjustment planning of the shopping centres and extension, improvement and repair 
construction.  Where needed, Citycon’s property development operation is also responsible for land 
acquisition, guidance and development of commercial and operational planning, such as zoning 
negotiations, communication with authorities and management of property development projects.  Citycon 
outsources various functions, mainly cleaning, security services, and in many cases also technical 
management.  These services are provided by large companies that are active in most or all of Citycon’s 
markets and they are retained after tendering.  These tender processes typically result in asking at least three 
comparable offers for the services in question. 
Investment Criteria 
Citycon’s shopping centres have a necessity-based nature as they are typically anchored by grocery stores 
and other daily shopping stores and services.  According to Citycon’s investment criteria, the centres have 
 
21 Economic occupancy rate is measured in rental income instead of sq. m.  
22 Including Kista Galleria 50 per cent.

--- Page 167 ---
157 
strong positions in their catchment areas and create natural, attractive urban venues that cater to all of the 
customer’s daily needs. 
Citycon makes its investment decisions based on the following criteria: 
• 
Capital regions or second-largest cities, urban and unique locations 
• 
Strong population growth and natural footfall 
• 
Integrated with public transportation 
• 
Diversified tenant mix with more than retail:  health care and municipal services 
• 
Necessity-based and dominant in catchment area 
• 
Value creation potential 
• 
Capital expenditure requirements 
• 
Size >20,000 sq. m. 
Citycon as Developer 
A core part of Citycon’s strategy is to actively develop its shopping centres either via (re)developments or 
expansion.  The objective is always to increase the commercial attractiveness and competitiveness of the 
shopping centre and thereby generate stronger rental growth while consolidating market value.  As with 
acquisitions, Citycon is selective in (re)development projects and manages them via strict financial and 
leasing criteria.  Key criteria for Citycon’s (re)development projects are: 
• 
100-150 bps over required valuation yield 
• 
60 per cent. pre-leasing target 
• 
Development margin >20 per cent. 
Citycon is an active owner and long-term developer.  Citycon assesses the impact of its investments on the 
well-being of the immediate area, including: 
• 
Jobs 
• 
Local procurement 
• 
Environmental impact of construction 
In its developing activities, Citycon adopts a “No green-field developments” principle, concentrating on 
selected (re)developments and extensions of existing assets with a proven track record dominant in 
catchment areas, strong demographics in cities with population growth, grocery-anchored/necessity-based, 
and urban.   
Sustainability Strategy 
Citycon’s updated sustainability strategy was adopted at the beginning of 2018 with the objective of 
defining clear and justified sustainability priorities that create value for Citycon as well as Citycon’s 
stakeholders. Citycon’s priorities combine business relevance and the most important sustainability issues 
for Citycon’s stakeholders, the environment, and the communities Citycon operates in. Citycon’s 
sustainability strategy sets long-term main objectives that span to 2030 as well as strategic actions that are 
updated every three years and will guide Citycon in achieving the main objectives. Citycon combines 
climate, environmental and social objectives and has selected indicators that enable close monitoring of

--- Page 168 ---
158 
performance in those areas. Citycon sets objectives both for the short-term and for 2030 and regularly 
updates the objectives in its sustainability strategy. In doing so, Citycon ensures that the latest developments 
as tracked in environmental and social impact studies are reflected in its sustainability strategy and avoids 
being locked into a strategy that has been proved to be outdated. Citycon pursues a participatory approach 
and invites local stakeholders to contribute to its sustainability policies. 
Citycon has committed to carbon neutrality by 2030. It aims to achieve this goal by reducing its energy 
consumption per sq. m. by 10 per cent from 2019 to 2025, by ensuring that all assets will produce renewable 
or recoverable energy for their own use, by purchasing 100 per cent. green electricity for own use 
consumption, purchasing and/or producing carbon neutral heating and by budgeting 2 per cent. of net rental 
income for energy efficiency investments.  
Citycon has been recognised as one of Europe’s Climate Leaders in the list of European companies that 
have achieved the greatest reduction in greenhouse gas emission intensity, which was published by the 
Financial Times and the German data provider Statista on 18 May 2021 for the first time. The list ranks 
the 300 European businesses whose greenhouse gas emissions intensity decreased the most between 2014 
and 2019. Ranked among the top achievers across all industries in Europe, the Nordics and Finland, 
Citycon is one of the few real estate companies in the Nordics ranked on the list. 
As part of its sustainability strategy, Citycon ensures that all of its centres are connected to public 
transportation, encouraging green ways to visit the Citycon centres. As of 31 December 2020, all of 
Citycon’s centres are accessible by bus and 11 of Citycon’s centres are directly connected to the metro. 
Citycon also maintains over 4,000 dedicated bicycle parking spaces and over 400 charging points for 
electrical cars. For example, at the Iso Omena shopping centre in Espoo, Finland, the annual footfall 
increased by 74 per cent. to 20 million annual visitors, tenant sales increased by 17 per cent. and same store 
sales increased by 7 per cent. after the metro opening at the Iso Omena shopping centre.  
As part of its sustainability strategy, Citycon also ensures that all of its properties remain convenient and 
safe. In Citycon’s experience tenant satisfaction stays consistently above 90 per cent. in areas of safety, 
security, hospitality and service-mindedness.  
As of 31 March 2021, Citycon has approximately a total of EUR 3.2 billion of eligible green assets of which 
approximately EUR 2.4 billion remain currently available. In November 2019, Citycon launched the Green 
Financing Framework which enables Citycon to integrate sustainability objectives in its financing activities.  
The Green Financing Framework allows Citycon to issue green bonds and access “green” financing. In 
November 2019, Citycon issued green hybrid securities in the aggregate amount of EUR 350 million. An 
amount equal to the net proceeds was allocated to the refinancing of new or existing assets, developments 
or projects that met Citycon’s Green Financing Framework requirements. In November 2020, Citycon 
issued green bonds in the aggregate amount of NOK 800 million. The net proceeds from the offering were 
used to finance and re-finance eligible green assets and projects in accordance with Citycon’s established 
Green Financing Framework. In November 2020, Citycon also renewed and extended its EUR 500 million 
multicurrency sustainability-linked revolving credit facilities. The margin of the facilities is linked to 
achieving Citycon’s 2030 key sustainability targets. In March 2021, Citycon issued green bonds in the 
aggregate amount of EUR 350 million. The net proceeds from the offering were used to finance and re-
finance eligible green assets and projects in accordance with Citycon’s established Green Finance 
Framework. On 4 June 2021, Citycon issued EUR 350 million subordinated fixed to reset rate green capital 
securities at a fixed rate coupon of 3.625 per cent. per annum until the first reset date on 10 September 
2026.  The proceeds of the capital securities will be allocated to the financing and refinancing of new and 
existing assets, developments or projects that meet Citycon’s green financing framework requirements and 
are in line with Citycon’s diversification through densification strategy which aims at increasing the share 
of residential and office space in its portfolio. The below figures show Citycon’s eligible green assets by 
type and the breakdown of the green financings, in each case as of 31 March 2021 (excluding the issuance 
of the subordinated fixed to reset rate green capital securities on 4 June 2021).

--- Page 169 ---
159 
 
In December 2020, Citycon published its second annual green financing allocation of proceeds and impact 
report which includes information on the allocation of proceeds as verified by an external auditor and impact 
reporting.   
Although the outbreak of the Coronavirus pandemic had a substantial impact on Citycon’s business and 
sustainability actions and shifted Citycon’s immediate efforts towards securing the health and safety of 
visitors and tenants, Citycon has made good progress in implementing its sustainability goals. For example, 
as of 31 December 2020, Citycon has not only reduced its greenhouse gas intensity from baseline 2014 
(kgCO2 e/sq. m.) by 73 per cent. but it also reduced its energy intensity from baseline 2014 (KWH/sq. m.) 
by 15 per cent. and its climate change impact from baseline 2014 (TCO2 e) by 74 per cent. Citycon uses 
100 per cent. renewable electricity for own consumption and 77 per cent. of Citycon’s portfolio (measured 
by fair value) is Breeam in-use certified.   
Environment 
Environmental responsibility and the sustainable development of Citycon’s business are of great 
significance in Citycon’s operations.  According to Citycon’s management, Citycon’s operations do not 
involve any significant environmental issues that may affect Citycon’s ability to utilise its tangible fixed 
assets. 
Intellectual Property Rights 
Citycon is a real estate company specialising in retail premises.  Except for the registration of Citycon 
names, logos, domain names, trademarks and domains of the group companies, Citycon has not registered 
and does not own or licence intellectual property rights that would be material to its operations.  Intellectual 
property rights do not materially affect Citycon’s business or profitability. 
Insurance 
Citycon maintains customary insurance coverage to cover claims and liabilities potentially arising from its 
business.  Citycon’s properties are all insured with a full value property damage insurance which Citycon’s 
management believes is consistent with market practice, including business interruption insurance and 
third-party liability insurance to cover damages to third parties.  In addition, Citycon has obtained, amongst 
others, directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy, and statutory employee insurance policies.  
Insurance policies are subject to customary limitations, as a result of which a policy might not cover all the

--- Page 170 ---
160 
damages suffered.  Please see “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Citycon and Its Business—Citycon’s 
Insurance Coverage May Prove to Be Inadequate”. 
Employees 
As of 31 March 2021, Citycon had 238 full time employees of whom 86 worked in Norway, 51 in Finland 
and Estonia, 62 in Sweden and Denmark and 39 in Group functions.  
For information on Citycon’s incentive plans concerning some of the employees, please see “—Directors, 
Corporate Governance and Management of the Parent—Employee Share Plans” below. 
Legal Proceedings 
Citycon has not, during the previous twelve months preceding the date of this Offering Circular, had any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which Citycon is aware), which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects 
on Citycon’s and/or its subsidiaries’ financial position or profitability.  Citycon’s management is not aware 
of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to lead to any material claims being made 
against Citycon or any of its subsidiaries in the foreseeable future. 
Legal Structure 
Citycon Oyj is the parent company of the Group.  As of 31 March 2021, Citycon had a total of 73 
subsidiaries and 15 associated or joint venture companies in its operating countries. The Finnish subsidiaries 
and associated or joint venture companies are mainly mutual real estate companies through which Citycon 
holds its property portfolio.  Most of Citycon’s subsidiaries abroad are legally structured as limited liability 
companies.  A list of Citycon’s subsidiaries and associated or joint venture companies as of 31 December 
2020 is set forth in Citycon’s financial statements for 2020, which are incorporated into this Offering 
Circular by reference. 
A mutual real estate company is an independent legal entity, the rights and obligations of which are 
independent from the rights and obligations of shareholders.  It is responsible for all obligations and costs, 
such as taxes, insurance and administration expenses, and transfers these obligations and costs to 
shareholders to be paid by them in the form of consideration.  A shareholder administers specified premises 
in a property owned by the mutual real estate company, and the rental income accrued is the shareholder’s 
direct income and does not transfer through the mutual real estate company. 
Related-Party Transactions 
Following the amendments to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act implementing the revised EU 
Shareholders’ Rights Directive (2017/828/EU), related parties of a listed company are determined in 
accordance with IAS 24.  Further compliance requirements were also introduced to the Corporate 
Governance Code 2020 (the Finnish Corporate Governance Code) pursuant to which Citycon should 
define principles for related party transactions and put in place a register for related parties in accordance 
with IAS 24.  Citycon has therefore determined that the Group’s related parties comprise, inter alia,  
Citycon Oyj and its subsidiaries, associated companies and joint ventures, members of the board of directors 
of Citycon (Board Members), the chief executive officer (CEO) and other Corporate Management 
Committee members as well as Citycon’s largest shareholder Gazit-Globe Ltd. which held 49.2 per cent. 
of all the shares and votes in Citycon on 31 March 2021.  
The related-party transactions concluded by Citycon in 2021 (up to the date of this Offering Circular) 
include payments by the group companies to each other for fees such as maintenance and financial charges, 
interest expenses, loan repayments and other administrative service charges.

--- Page 171 ---
161 
There have been no significant changes in Citycon’s practice as regards management remuneration (Board 
Members, CEO and other Corporate Management Committee members) and benefits in 2021. 
Reporting to and Transactions with Gazit-Globe Ltd. 
Gazit-Globe Ltd. has announced that it has applied IFRS in its financial reporting since 2007.  According 
to IFRS, a company may exercise a controlling interest in another company even if its shareholding in that 
company does not exceed 50 per cent. Gazit-Globe Ltd. holds the view that it exercises controlling interest, 
as defined in IFRS, in Citycon based on the fact that it has been able to exercise controlling interest in 
Citycon’s General Meetings of Shareholders pursuant to its shareholding.  In accordance with a disclosure 
agreement concluded between the companies, Citycon will provide Gazit-Globe Ltd. with a more detailed 
breakdown of the accounting information it discloses in its interim and full-year reports so that Gazit-Globe 
Ltd. can consolidate Citycon figures into its own IFRS financial statements. Gazit-Globe Ltd. pays Citycon 
a quarterly fee of EUR 10,000 for providing such detailed breakdown. 
No other transactions have been concluded between Citycon and Gazit-Globe Ltd. in 2021 as at the date of 
this Offering Circular. 
Principal Shareholders 
The issued share capital of the Guarantor consists of 177,998,525 ordinary shares.  The number of shares 
in Citycon changed in 2019 due to a reverse share split.  The number of shares in Citycon was reduced from 
889,992,628 to 177,998,525 by merging each five shares into one share.  The new number of shares was 
registered with the Trade Register on 16 March 2019 and trading with the merged shares commenced on 
18 March 2019. 
The following table sets forth certain beneficial ownership information regarding the holders of 5 per cent. 
or more of the Citycon’s share capital and the number and percentage owned by such shareholders as of 31 
March 2021.  In the year ended 31 December 2017, the Parent received a flagging notice pursuant to Chapter 
9, Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act.  On 28 April 2017 Alecta pensionsförsäkring, ömsesidigt 
notified that its ownership in the Guarantor had increased above the 5 per cent. threshold.  According to the 
notification the Swedish Alecta pensionsförsäkring, ömsesidigt’s holdings in Citycon represented 5.10 per 
cent. of the total number of shares and voting rights in Citycon. On 17 March 2021, Citycon received a 
flagging notice pursuant to Chapter 9, Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act, in which CPPIBE 
notified that their total holding of Citycon shares has decreased below 10 per cent. threshold. According to 
the notification, as a result of this disposal, CPPIBE’s holdings in Citycon represent 7.5 per cent. of the 
total number of shares and voting rights in Citycon.  As of 31 March 2021, 74.75 per cent. of the Citycon 
shares are held in nominee-registered accounts. Citycon has received no flagging notice from the beneficial 
owners listed in the below table since 31 March 2021. The below table shows Citycon’s three largest 
shareholders as of 31 March 2021. 
Name of beneficial owner 
Number of shares 
Total percentage 
of shares 
beneficially 
owned (per 
cent.) 
Gazit Globe Ltd. ........................................................... 
87,559,016 
49.2 
CPP Investment Board European Holdings S.à r.l. ...... 
13,349,889 
7.5 
Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company ........... 
12,694,139 
7.1 
Total ............................................................................ 
113,603,044 
63.8

--- Page 172 ---
162 
Citycon has no knowledge of any effective shareholder agreements. The governance agreement entered 
into between CPPIBE and Gazit-Globe Ltd. on 12 May 2014, as disclosed by Citycon through stock 
exchange releases on 13 May 2014 and 17 March 2020, was terminated in accordance with its terms and 
conditions after CPPIBE ceased to hold at least 10 per cent. of Citycon shares, directly or indirectly, for 
more than 30 consecutive days.  
Dividend Pay-outs 
The following table sets forth the dividend and equity pay return paid to Citycon’s shareholders and the 
distribution per share for the years 2016 to 2020. 
 
Dividend and equity return paid 
to shareholders 
Distribution 
Year 
(EUR)1 
per share 
2020 ................................................................  
95,674,207.2 
0.54 
2019 ................................................................  
115,699,041.2 
0.65 
2018 ................................................................  
115,699,041.6 
0.65 
2017 ................................................................  
115,699,041.6 
0.65 
2016 ................................................................  
133,498,894.2 
0.75 
 
1 
Distribution per share was adjusted in the comparison periods to reflect the number of shares after the reversed share split (5:1) executed 
in March 2019

--- Page 173 ---
163 
DIRECTORS, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OF THE PARENT 
Board Members 
The table below sets forth details of the current Board Members (collectively, the Board of Directors).  
The annual general meeting (AGM) held on 22 March 2021 resolved the number of Board Members to be 
ten. On 26 April 2021, Mr. Andrea Orlandi, who had been a member of the Board of Directors of Citycon 
since 2014, resigned from the Board of Directors. As of the date of this Offering Circular the Board 
Members are: 
Name 
Year of Birth 
Position 
Chaim Katzman ..........................................................  
1949 
Chairman 
Ariella Zochovitzky ....................................................  
1957 
Deputy 
Chairman 
Yehuda (Judah) Angster..............................................  
1982 
Director 
Arnold L. de Haan .......................................................  
1954 
Director 
Zvi Gordon  .................................................................  
1985 
Director 
Alexandre (Sandy) Koifman .......................................  
1953 
Director 
David Lukes ................................................................  
1970 
Director 
Per-Anders Ovin .........................................................  
1956 
Director 
Ofer Stark ....................................................................  
1972 
Director 
 
The business address of each of the Board Members is the registered address of Citycon, in Espoo, Finland. 
Chaim Katzman 
Mr. Katzman performs the role of chairman of the Board of Directors, a position he has held since 2010.  
Mr. Katzman founded Norstar Holdings Inc. (formerly Gazit Inc.) of which he is the controlling shareholder 
and chairman of the board of directors.  In addition, he is founder, CEO and executive chairman of the 
board of directors of Gazit-Globe Ltd. Mr. Katzman is also chairman of the board of directors of First 
Capital Realty Inc. since 2000, chairman of the board of directors of Atrium European Real Estate Ltd. 
since 2008, and vice chairman of the board of directors of Regency Centers Corporation since 2017. 
Ariella Zochovitzky 
Ms. Zochovitzky has been a Board Member since 2009 and the Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors 
since 2020.  In addition to her role with Citycon, she has been general manager and partner of C.I.G.  
Consultant Investments Group Ltd. since 2001 and general manager and partner of C.I.G. Zochovitzky Ltd. 
since 2012.  Ms. Zochovitzky holds and has held non-executive positions with a number of companies, 
including Oil Refineries Ltd. in 2013, Dorad Energy Ltd. between 2011 and 2012, Bithach Haklai Central 
Cooperative Society Ltd. between 2010 and 2016, Acad Equipment and Properties (1979) Ltd. and Acad 
Building and Investments Ltd. between 2009 and 2011, U. Dori Group Ltd. between 2008 and 2012, New

--- Page 174 ---
164 
Makefet Pension Funds Management Inc. (Generali Group) between 2006 and 2015, BATM Advanced 
Communications Limited between 2004 and 2010 and Elco Holdings Ltd. between 2003 and 2009. 
Yehuda (Judah) Angster 
Mr. Angster has been a Board Member since 2020. Mr. Angster founded Dwight City Group LLC in 2018 
and remains its Principal and CEO. He currently also serves as an adjunct professor of real estate law at 
NYU Schack Institute of Real Estate. Between 2015 and 2018 he was the CEO of CastleRock Equity Group, 
between 2012 and 2015 he was international counsel/vice president of development at PCS Wireless LLC, 
between 2009 and 2012 he was internal counsel/compliance and regulations attorney at Empire American 
Holdings and between 2009 and 2012 he was vice president of international banking division/global 
financial projects at Empire Bank-Empire Corporate. He has been a non-executive director with Lightstone 
Group LLC since 2015.  
Arnold L. de Haan 
Mr. de Haan has been a Board Member since 2014.  Mr. de Haan is founder and managing director of 
Boishaen B.V. since 2008.  Prior to joining Citycon, Mr. de Haan has held positions with Hofirma BV, 
MeyerBergman European Retail Partners, Multi Corporation, Commerz Grundbesitz Group, Commerz 
Grundbesitz Investmentgesellschaft mbH, European Metropolitan Property Services, Vaste Waarden 
Nederland, Mountleigh International Plc. and Interned Holding N.V. Mr. de Haan also holds a non-
executive directorship with HRO. 
Zvi Gordon 
Mr. Gordon has been a Board Member since 2020. In addition to his role at Citycon, Mr. Gordon has been 
Vice President of Investments of Gazit-Globe Limited since 2017 and the Chief Investment Officer of 
Norstar Holdings Inc. since 2016. Between 2015 and 2017 he was vice president of mergers & acquisitions 
and chief of staff at Gazit Group USA, between 2014 and 2015 he was private equity investment associate 
in the acquisitions & asset management of The Davis Companies, between 2010 and 2012 he was a manager 
and between 2006 and 2007 a client partner at The Healthsearch Group. Mr. Gordon has been a non-
executive director on the board of directors of HIREF International LLC (HDFC) (Advisory Board) since 
2017, Gazit Gaia Limited since 2017, Gazit Midas Limited since 2017, Gazit Europe (Netherlands) B.V. 
since 2017, Gazit Europe (Asia) B.V. since 2018 and Gazit TripLLLe Canada General Partner Inc. since 
2019.   
Alexandre (Sandy) Koifman 
Mr. Koifman has been a Board Member since 2019.  Mr. Koifman is the founder and principal of Koifman 
Capital Advisors SARL and has been the managing director of Efficient Frontiers Investing SA since 2018.  
Mr. Koifman has previously held the role of managing director at Bedrock SA and of partner at Universal 
Management Services Limited. 
David Lukes 
Mr. Lukes has been a Board Member since March 2017 and acts as the chief executive officer and president 
of SITE Centers (formerly DDR Corporation).  Prior to joining Citycon, he held the position of chief 
executive officer and president of Equity One, Inc. between 2014 and 2017, chief executive officer and 
president of Seritage Realty Trust from 2012 to 2014, chief executive officer and president of Mall 
Properties, Inc. from 2010 to 2012, and president and chief operating officer of Kimco Realty Corporation 
from 2002 to 2010. 
Per-Anders Ovin 
Mr. Ovin has been a Board Member since 2013.  In addition to his role with Citycon, he is chairman of the 
board, partner and owner of Mengus Stockholm AB since 2005 and owner of Marrakech Design / Ovin

--- Page 175 ---
165 
Consulting AB since 2003.  He has also held several non-executive positions at other firms, including 
Kungsleden AB, Prosperity Quest II Limited, EDX London Ltd, and Catella Kapitalförvaltning AB. 
Ofer Stark 
Mr. Stark has been a Board Member since 20 March 2018.  In addition to his role as director of Citycon, 
Mr. Stark has been the founder and principal of Starkitect Studio since 2008, and co-founder and principal 
of PrimeMed Realty LLC. since 2017.  Prior to his current role, Mr. Stark has served at STA Architectural 
Group and Ford Farewell Mills & Gatsch Architects.  
Management of the Group 
Citycon’s Corporate Management Committee comprises of at least three members.  The Board of Directors 
is responsible for appointing members of the Corporate Management Committee upon the proposal of the 
CEO.  The CEO convenes the Corporate Management Committee whenever he or she deems necessary and 
chairs its meetings.  The Corporate Management Committee typically convenes on a monthly basis. 
Members of the Corporate Management Committee at the date of this Offering Circular are: 
Name 
Year of 
Birth 
Position 
F. Scott Ball ..........................................  
1961 
CEO and Chairman of the Corporate 
Management Committee 
Eero Sihvonen .......................................  
1957 
Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice 
President 
Henrica Ginström ..................................  
1983 
Chief Operating Officer 
Erik Lennhammar .................................  
1974 
Chief Development Officer 
Kirsi Simola-Laaksonen ........................  
1975 
Chief Information Officer 
 
On 22 June 2021, Citycon announced that Bret D. McLeod will join Citycon’s Corporate Management 
Committee on 1 August 2021 and will assume responsibility as CFO on 1 January 2022. Eero Sihvonen 
will transfer his CFO duties on 31 December 2021 as a result of his planned retirement. He will stay with 
Citycon as a senior advisor until 30 June 2022. 
The business address of each member of the Corporate Management Committee, except as otherwise 
disclosed below, is the registered address of Citycon, in Espoo, Finland. 
F. Scott Ball 
Mr. Ball has been CEO of Citycon and the chairman of the Corporate Management Committee since 
January 2019.  Previously, he served as president and chief operating officer at Starwood Retail Partners 
prior to which he held several leadership positions, including at Oxford Properties in Canada, and at The 
Mills Corporation and at The Rouse Company in the U.S.  He holds a bachelor’s degree in Business 
Administration from LaSalle University in Louisiana and is a long-time active member of the International 
Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC) and Urban Land Institute (ULI).

--- Page 176 ---
166 
Eero Sihvonen 
Mr. Sihvonen is Citycon’s chief financial officer and executive vice president and has been a member of 
the Corporate Management Committee since 2005.  Prior to joining Citycon, he was a vice president, group 
treasury, of Dynea Group between 1999 and 2005 and held various positions in Neste Group from 1981, 
including chief financial officer of the chemicals division between 1997 and 1999.  In addition to his role 
with Citycon, he has been a member of the board of directors of RAKLI, The Finnish Association of 
Building Owners and Construction Clients, between 2011 and 2013 and has been a deputy member for 
RAKLI since 2013. 
Henrica Ginström 
Ms. Ginström is chief operating officer at Citycon and has been a member of the Corporate Management 
Committee since January 2019.  She has been with Citycon since 2011, holding various positions including 
commercial director in Norway and vice president of investor relations and communications.  She holds a 
master’s degree in Technology from Aalto University School of Science and Technology in Helsinki and a 
second master’s degree in Economics from the Hanken School of Economics, also in Helsinki. 
Erik Lennhammar 
Mr. Lennhammar is chief development officer at Citycon.  He has been a member of the Corporate 
Management Committee since August 2019.  Prior to joining Citycon, he served as senior portfolio manager 
of Nuveen Real Estate, and has held several property development leadership at Steen&Ström and NCC.  
Mr. Lennhammar holds a bachelor’s degree in Engineering from KHT Royal Institute of Technology, 
Stockholm Sweden. 
Kirsi Simola-Laaksonen 
Ms. Simola-Laaksonen is chief information officer at Citycon.  She has been a member of the Corporate 
Management Committee since April 2020.  Prior to joining the Corporate Management Committee, she 
served in various leadership position at Citycon, including as vice president of business process 
improvement from 2015 to 2020. Prior to joining Citycon, she served as audit and international accounting 
manager at Deloitte & Touche between 2007 and 2008 and as audit manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers 
between 1999 and 2007. Ms. Simola-Laaksonen holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from 
Helsinki School of Economics. 
Corporate Governance 
Citycon’s corporate governance principles are based on the laws of Finland, Citycon’s Articles of 
Association, the Finnish Corporate Governance Code and the rules and regulations issued by the Helsinki 
Stock Exchange and the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. Corporate governance for Citycon’s 
subsidiaries is also governed by the laws of the country in which the subsidiary is domiciled, and by each 
subsidiary’s Articles of Association. 
Citycon complies with the Finnish Corporate Governance Code without exception.  The Finnish Corporate 
Governance Code is available on the Securities Market Association’s website at www.cgfinland.fi. The 
Finnish Corporate Governance Code is accompanied by Citycon’s Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
Citycon issues a corporate governance statement for each financial year concurrently with the publication 
of Citycon’s financial statements and the report by the Board of Directors in compliance with the Finnish 
Corporate Governance Code.  The corporate governance statement for the financial year 2020 was issued 
on 18 February 2021.

--- Page 177 ---
167 
Shareholder Meetings 
In accordance with Citycon’s Articles of Association, the AGM shall be held annually within six months 
following the end of the financial period on a date determined by the Board of Directors.  An extraordinary 
general meeting shall be held for addressing a specific issue if shareholders holding at least 10 per cent. of 
the shares in Citycon so demand in writing and whenever deemed necessary for decision-making. 
Board of Directors 
Citycon’s administration and the proper management of its business is arranged by the Board of Directors, 
which comprises a minimum of five (5) and a maximum of ten (10) members, as decided by a general 
meeting of shareholders.  Each Board Member holds a term of office ending at the closing of the first AGM 
following their election. 
The Board of Directors elects from among its members a chairman and one or several deputy chairmen.  A 
meeting of the Board of Directors has a quorum if more than half of the Board Members are present. 
The Board of Directors may set up committees from among its members.  Since 21 March 2013 the 
committees of the Board of Directors have been:  Audit and Governance Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Strategy and Investment Committee. 
Management Remuneration and Benefits 
Board of Directors 
The AGM confirms the remuneration of the Board Members each year in advance, in line with the 
framework of Citycon’s latest remuneration policy and based on a proposal by the Board of Directors’ 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee.  The level of remuneration may vary according to the amount 
of work required from a Board Member, taking into account their position and their role on committees of 
the Board of Directors. The remuneration is paid in cash.  A Board Member has the option to refuse any 
annual fees and/or meeting fees. To safeguard the Board Members’ independence in the performance of 
their duties, they do not participate in performance-based  compensation or similar remuneration or 
incentive schemes with Citycon’s executive management. In the event that Board Members are in an 
employment or service relationship with Citycon, any agreements governing the relationship will be entered 
into in the ordinary course of business and concluded on standard market terms. The relevant Board 
Member shall not participate in the preparation of these agreements or have any decision-making role 
related to these agreements. The key terms of such relationships are disclosed in Citycon’s annual 
remuneration reports.  
The AGM of 2021 decided that the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be paid an annual fee of EUR 
160,000, Deputy Chairman EUR 70,000 and ordinary Board Members EUR 50,000.  The Chairmen of the 
Board of Directors’ committees shall be paid an additional annual fee of EUR 5,000.  In addition, the AGM 
decided that Chairmen of the meetings of the Board’s committees shall be paid a meeting fee of EUR 800 
and other Board and committee members EUR 600 per meeting with the exception of the Chairman of the 
Board, who shall be paid no meeting fees.  It was further decided that Board Members be compensated 
accrued travel and lodging expenses as well as other potential costs related to Board and committee work. 
The Board Members were paid a total of EUR 630,880 in 2020 and EUR 653,000 in 2019.  These sums 
consist of annual and meeting fees for work on the Board of Directors and in its committees.   
Corporate Management Committee 
The Board of Directors confirms the CEO’s salary and other benefits and, on the proposal of the CEO, also 
decides on the salaries and benefits of senior executives.  In addition, the Board of Directors decides on 
Citycon’s short-term and long-term remuneration schemes and the amount of remuneration payable under

--- Page 178 ---
168 
these schemes. Remuneration of the CEO and other members of the Corporate Management Committee 
consists of a fixed monthly salary and fringe benefits as well as short-term incentives typically in the form 
of an annual performance bonus. At the full discretion of the Board of Directors, the CEO may be awarded 
an annual performance bonus up to a maximum EUR 540,000 based on the achievement of annual CEO 
bonus targets.  As for other executives, the maximum amount payable based on the annual performance 
bonus scheme is between 50 and 60 per cent. of the gross annual salary of the member of the Corporate 
Management Committee.   
The total remuneration, including benefits and cash bonuses paid to the CEO and the other members of the 
Corporate Management Committee in 2020 amounted to EUR 3.1 million, as compared to EUR 3.1 million 
in 2019. 
The CEO’s service contract remains in force until 14 November 2021, unless earlier terminated.  The 
termination notice period is six months, both for Citycon and the CEO.  Severance pay is twelve monthly 
base salaries if Citycon terminates the contract and in the event of certain corporate events twenty-four 
monthly base salaries and benefits, including bonus. No severance payment shall be due in the event of 
material breach of the terms of the CEO agreement, breach of fiduciary duties or breach of any material 
rules or regulations applicable to the CEO. 
The statutory and additional pension expenses of the Corporate Management Committee amounted to 
approximately EUR  million in 2020 and approximately EUR 0.4 million in 2019. 
Management Share Plans 
CEO Restricted Share Plan 2018-2021 
The CEO participates in a CEO restricted share plan 2018-2021 (the CEO Restricted Share Plan 2018-
2021), which includes three vesting periods ending on 15 November 2019, 2020 and 2021. The rewards to 
be paid on the basis of the plan correspond to the value of a total of 120,000 Citycon shares including taxes 
and tax-related costs.  The rewards from the plan will be paid in three equal instalments. Upon reward 
payment, the Board of Directors shall have the right to resolve that Citycon pays the reward fully or partly 
in cash, on the basis of the trade volume weighted average quotation of the share on the Helsinki Stock 
Exchange of the calendar month preceding the reward payment date. In this case, the Board of Directors 
shall have the right to obligate the CEO to acquire shares with the amount of paid net reward. All shares 
allocated under the CEO Restricted Share Plan 2018-2021 are eligible for dividend equivalent at the 
beginning of vesting periods. The value of the dividend equivalent per reward share shall equal to the 
distributed dividends or other distributed assets per share. No reward shall be paid if the CEO terminates 
his director contract before the reward payment. The value of the total of 80,000 Citycon shares was paid 
in cash in two equal instalments to the CEO under the CEO Restricted Share Plan 2018-2021 in November 
2019 and 2020, respectively, and in both years the CEO was obligated to acquire Citycon shares in the full 
amount of the net reward.   
Performance Share Plan 2020-2022 
After authorisation by the AGM, on 17 March 2020, the Board of Directors approved a share-based 
incentive plan directed to the members of the Corporate Management Committee, a performance share plan 
2020-2022 (the Performance Share Plan 2020-2022). The plan includes three (3) three-year performance 
periods, spanning from March 2020, 2021 and 2022 until the end of February 2023, 2024 and 2025, 
respectively. The Board of Directors shall, for each performance period, confirm the individual 
performance criteria for each plan participant. The rewards payable under the Performance Share Plan 
2020-2022 are based on achieving the performance criteria as well as a valid employment service contract 
at the time of reward payment. The rewards may be paid partly in Citycon shares and partly in cash. The 
rewards to be paid on the basis of this plan in 2023–2025 correspond to an approximate maximum total 
value of 150,000 Citycon shares also including a possible cash proportion to be used for taxes and tax-
related costs.

--- Page 179 ---
169 
Matching Share Plan 2018–2020 
With authorisation by the AGM, in February 2018, the Board of Directors approved a share-based incentive 
plan for the Group’s key employees, a matching share plan 2018–2020 (the Matching Share Plan 2018–
2020).  The Matching Share Plan 2018–2020 is directed at members of the Corporate Management 
Committee.   
The rewards paid on the basis of the matching period 2018-2019 corresponded to the total value of 21,006 
Citycon shares and the rewards paid on the basis of the matching period 2019-2020 corresponded to the 
value of an approximate maximum total of 5,493 Citycon shares. In addition, a cash proportion was 
included to cover taxes and tax-related costs arising from the reward to the participants in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Matching Share Plan 2018-2020. The rewards to be paid out based on the 
final matching period 2020–2021 correspond to the value of an approximate maximum total of 11,241 
Citycon shares in addition to a cash amount to cover taxes and tax-related costs arising from the payment 
of the rewards to the participants.   
Employee Share Plans 
Restricted Share Plan 2020–2022  
With authorisation by the AGM, in December 2019, the Board of Directors established a new restricted 
share plan directed to selected key employees, excluding the CEO and other members of the Corporate 
Management Committee (the Restricted Share Plan 2020-2022). The rewards from the new Restricted 
Share Plan 2020–2022 may be allocated in 2020–2022. The reward payment will be based on a valid 
employment or service contract of a key employee, and it may be paid partly in Citycon shares and partly 
in cash after the end of a vesting period. A vesting period may last 24 to 36 months from the date of the 
reward allocation. The rewards to be paid on the basis of the Restricted Share Plan 2020-2022 may be paid 
from 2022-2025 and the total reward corresponds to an approximate maximum total value of 60,000 
Citycon shares, including a cash proportion to be used for taxes and tax-related costs. 
Restricted Share Plan 2018–2020 
With authorisation by the AGM, in February 2018, the Board of Directors approved a restricted share plan 
2018–2020 (the Restricted Share Plan 2018–2020). The Restricted Share Plan 2018–2020 is directed to 
selected key employees. The rewards from the Restricted Share Plan 2018–2020 in 2018–2020 were 
allocated in 2018-2020. The reward payments are based on a valid employment or service contract of a key 
employee, and it may be paid partly in Citycon shares and partly in cash after the end of a vesting period. 
A vesting period may last 24 to 36 months from the date of the reward allocation. The total rewards payable 
on the basis of the Restricted Share Plan 2018-2020 correspond to an approximate maximum total value of 
40,000 of Citycon shares also including a cash proportion to be used for taxes and tax-related costs. 
Conflicts of Interest 
According to the Board of Directors’ independence assessment conducted on 22 March 2021, all Directors 
are independent of Citycon. Furthermore, the Board of Directors considered that Judah Angster, Arnold de 
Haan, David Lukes, Per-Anders Ovin, Ariella Zochovitzky and Alexandre Koifman are independent of 
significant shareholders.  Since Chaim Katzman, Zvi Gordon and Ofer Stark are or recently were in the 
service of Citycon’s main shareholder, Gazit-Globe Ltd. or its affiliated companies, they are not considered 
independent of significant shareholders. 
Except as discussed immediately above, there is no actual or potential conflict of interests between the 
duties of any of the Board Members or any of the members of the Corporate Management Committee and 
their respective private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 180 ---
170 
CITYCON’S PROPERTY PORTFOLIO IN BRIEF AND INVESTMENTS, 
DIVESTMENTS AND DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS 
Overview 
On 31 March 2021, Citycon owned a total of 36 shopping centres: 12 in Finland and Estonia, 17 in Norway 
and 7 in Sweden and Denmark. In addition to shopping centres, Citycon owns one other retail property in 
Finland, owns one shopping centre property through a joint venture, Kista Galleria in Sweden, and rented 
one shopping centre in Norway. The total leasable area of the aforementioned properties amounted to 
1,182,360 sq. m. on 31 March 2021. 
Fair value of investment properties 
The fair value of Citycon’s investment property portfolio as of 31 March 2021 was EUR 4,238.4 million 
including right-of-use assets recognised as part of investment properties based on IFRS 16 requirements. 
The Finnish and Estonian properties accounted for EUR 1,935.9 million (45.7 per cent.), the Norwegian 
properties accounted for EUR 1,529.1 million (36.1 per cent.) and the Swedish and Danish properties EUR 
773.4 million (18.2 per cent.).  
In accordance with IFRS and International Accounting Standards (IAS), investment properties are 
measured at fair value for every IFRS-based balance sheet.  In recent years, an evaluation of investment 
properties has been conducted quarterly by an external appraiser.  From 2017 onwards external fair value 
valuations have been conducted semi-annually while Citycon measures internally the fair value of 
properties in the first and third quarters. When measuring internally the fair value of properties in the first 
and third quarter of each fiscal year Citycon prepares the valuation on the basis of management estimates 
and judgement on yields and market rent indications instead of using the valuations provided by the external 
appraiser. The external property appraiser conducts the fair value evaluation of all properties under 
development and the initial fair value evaluation of new acquisitions. Starting from the first quarter of 2021 
properties under development are evaluated by the external property appraisers only during the second and 
the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. During the first and the third quarter of each fiscal year, properties 
under development are evaluated internally by Citycon. Both the external and internal valuations are 
compliant with IFRS accounting standards and International Valuation Standards Council valuation 
standards and guidance. The valuation is primarily carried out as a cash flow analysis of the net operating 
income for a period of ten years according to which the basic cash flow is determined by valid lease 
agreements and property operating expenses valid at the time of valuation. From 2011 to 2017, Citycon’s 
property valuation was conducted by the global property specialist JLL (former Jones Lang LaSalle) and 
from 30 June 2017 onwards the external property valuations have been conducted by the global property 
specialist CBRE, with JLL conducting the valuation for Citycon’s Finnish properties from the quarter ended 
31 December 2019 onwards. Since the first quarter of 2020, JLL has also conducted the valuation for 
Citycon’s Swedish properties. On 31 December 2020, the average yield requirement by CBRE for 
Citycon’s property portfolio in Norway, Denmark and Estonia amounted to 5.8 per cent. and the average 
yield requirement by JLL for Citycon’s property portfolio in Finland and Sweden amounted to 5.4 per cent. 
compared to the average yield requirement by CBRE and JLL for Citycon’s whole property portfolio of 5.4 
per cent. on 31 December 2019. On 31 December 2020, the average yield requirement for properties in 
Finland and Estonia, Norway, Sweden and Denmark was 5.5 per cent., 5.6 per cent. and 5.7 per cent., 
respectively. On 31 December 2020, the average yield requirement for Citycon’s investment properties was 
5.6 per cent. The table below describes the fair value of Citycon’s investment properties as at 31 March 
2021, 31 December 2020, 30 September 2020, 30 June 2020, 31 March 2020 and 31 December 2019 and 
according to (i) valuation statements issued by the external appraisals and (ii) Citycon’s consolidated 
statement of financial position.  
Value Date 
Date of Valuation 
Statement/Advisory 
Fair Value 
According to 
Valuation 
Fair Value in 
Consolidated Statement 
of Financial Position 
(EUR million)

--- Page 181 ---
171 
Statement (EUR 
million) 
31 December 20191 .......................  
- 
4,092 
4,160.2 
CBRE: 31 December 2019 ...  
28 January 2019 
2,564 
 
JLL: 31 December 2019 .......  
25 January 2019 
1,528 
 
31 March 20202 .............................  
22 April 2020 
- 
4,081.5 
30 June 20203 ................................  
- 
4,106 
4,170.4 
CBRE: 30 June 2020 ............  
27 July 2020 
1,765 
 
JLL: 30 June 2020 ................  
20 July 2020 
2,341 
 
30 September 20202 .......................  
3 November 2020 
- 
4,155.1 
31 December 20203 .......................  
- 
4,231 
4,152.2 
CBRE: 31 December 2020 ...  
4 February 2021 
1,847 
 
JLL: 31 December 2020 .......  
4 February 2021 
2,384 
 
31 March 20214 .............................  
6 May 2021 
- 
4,238.4 
 
1 
The fair value measurement for the financial statements for 2019 were conducted by external appraisers, CBRE 
(in Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Estonia) and JLL (in Finland). 
2 
The fair value of investment properties has been measured internally for the interim reporting. 
3 
The fair value measurement for the financial statements for 2020 were conducted by external appraisers, CBRE 
(in Norway, Denmark and Estonia) and JLL (in Finland and Sweden). 
4 
The fair value of investment properties has been measured internally for the interim reporting. As of 1 January 
2021, Citycon’s internal valuation process for the first and the third quarter of the fiscal year are supported by 
JLL and CBRE market commentary reports and opinions of yield movements.   
 
The fair value of Citycon’s investment properties in the consolidated statement of financial position equals 
the property portfolio’s total value according to the externally or internally conducted valuation plus the 
value of new properties acquired during the reporting quarter, investments in development projects under 
planning and transfer into investment properties held for sale. Citycon’s consolidated statement of financial 
position can include a separate line item ‘Investment properties held-for-sale’, which includes such 
investment properties where a sale is deemed highly probable or a disposal agreement has been signed but 
the transactions have not been completed on the reporting date. 
At 31 December 2020, the fair value of Citycon’s property portfolio totalled EUR 4,152.2 million, a 
decrease of EUR 8.0 million from the value at the end of 2019 (31 December 2019: EUR 4,160.2 million). 
Net investments, including both acquisitions and disposals and development projects, increased the value 
by EUR 328.5 million and transfer between categories by EUR 3.9 million. Fair value losses decreased the 
assets value by EUR 146.9 million and changes in exchange rates decreased value by EUR 43.4 million. 
Transfer to the assets held for sale decreased the asset value of investment properties by EUR 149.7 million 
and changes in right-of-use–assets by EUR 0.4 million. The fair value change of investment properties 
amounted to EUR -146.9 million (31 December 2019: -121.9 million). Citycon recorded a total value 
increase of EUR 39.8 million (31 December 2019: 2.4 million) and a total value decrease of EUR 181.1 
million (31 December 2019: 118.4 million). In addition, the application of IFRS 16 standard had an impact 
of EUR -5.7 million (31 December 2019: -6.0 million) to the fair value change of investment properties 
during the January-December reporting period.

--- Page 182 ---
172 
At 31 March 2021, the fair value of Citycon’s property portfolio totalled EUR 4,238.4 million, an increase 
by EUR 86.2 million from year-end (31 December 2020: 4,152.2 million). Net investments, including both 
acquisitions and disposals and development projects, increased the value by EUR 24.1 million. Fair value 
gains increased the assets value by EUR 8.5 million and changes in currency exchange rates increased value 
by EUR 54.8 million. Transfer between categories decreased the asset value of investment properties by 
EUR 0.5 million and changes in right-of-use–assets by EUR 0.6 million. 
The table below sets out the lease portfolio summary for the financial years indicated. 
Lease Portfolio Summary 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Number of leases started during the period ..........................  
1,183 
1,000 
1,354 
Total area of leases started, sq. m. ........................................  
186,576 
145,859 
239,609 
Occupancy rate at end of the period (economic), per cent. ..  
96.4 
95.5 
93.6 
Average remaining length of lease portfolio at the end of 
the period, years ................................................................  
3.4 
3.2 
2.9 
 
Property Portfolio – Finland and Estonia 
As of 31 March 2021, Citycon’s property portfolio in Finland and Estonia consisted of 12 shopping centres 
and one other property with a total gross leasable area owned by Citycon of 466,360 sq. m. 
Shopping Centres 
As of 31 March 2021, Citycon owned 12 shopping centres in Finland and Estonia which had a gross leasable 
area of approximately 464,120 sq. m. 
The following table summarises shopping centres owned by Citycon in Finland and Estonia as of 31 
December 2020. 
Citycon’s 
Shopping 
Centres 
Finland 
Location 
Gross 
Leasable 
Area 
Total, sq. 
m. 
Retail Gross 
Leasable 
Area Total, 
sq. m. 
Sales, 
EUR 
million 
(2020)1 
Footfall
, million 
(2020)1 
Holding of 
Shares, per 
cent. (2020)2
Helsinki metropolitan area 
Columbus ..... 
Helsinki 
22,200 
20,400 
75.9 
5.7 
100 
Heikintori ..... 
Espoo 
8,200 
6,200 
- 
- 
92.7 
Isomyyri ....... 
Vantaa 
11,700 
8,300 
13.1 
0 
3 
Iso Omena .... 
Espoo 
101,200 
84,400 
290.8 
14.7 
100 
Pikkulaiva .... 
Espoo 
8,400 
8,100 
65.8 
2.5 
100 
Myyrmanni ... 
Vantaa 
40,400 
31,100 
124.1 
7.2 
100 
Other areas in Finland 
IsoKarhu ....... 
Pori 
14,600 
12,700 
9.0 
1.1 
100 
IsoKristiina ... 
Lappeenranta 
16,950 
12,800 
33.2 
1.7 
50

--- Page 183 ---
173 
Koskikeskus . 
Tampere 
33,400 
28,800 
80.9 
4.0 
100 
Trio ............... 
Lahti 
46,900 
27,100 
30.0 
3.4 
4 
Estonia 
Kristine Keskus 
Tallin 
45,100 
44,600 
88.3 
5.2 
100 
Rocca el Mare 
Tallin 
57,700 
56,700 
100.1 
4.0 
100 
Total 
 
 
405,850 
341,200 
911.2 
49.6 
 
1 
The figures include estimates.  Including Kista Galleria 50 per cent. 
2 
Parking facilities generally excluded. 
3 
Myyrmäen Kauppakeskus 78.6 per cent., Lieskujan Autopaikat Oy 35.7 per cent. 
4 
Lahden Trio 89.5 per cent., Lahden Hansa 100 per cent., Hansaparkki 36 per cent.

--- Page 184 ---
174 
 
Other Properties 
In addition to shopping centres, on 31 March 2021 Citycon owned one other property in the Finnish and 
Estonian unit with a gross leasable area of 2,240 sq. m.   
Lease Portfolio – Finland and Estonia 
The reported net rental income for the financial year 2020 amounted to EUR 86.8 million and decreased by 
a total of EUR 7.6 million, or 8.1 per cent., from the previous year. The decrease was mainly due to rental 
discounts given during the Coronavirus pandemic as well as increased credit loss provisions and 
divestments of non-core assets in 2019.  
During the three months ended 31 March 2021, the net rental income from Finnish and Estonian operations 
decreased by 7.1 per cent. in comparison to the corresponding period in 2020 and totalled EUR 20.7 million, 
due to rental discounts given during the Coronavirus pandemic and lower turnover based rents and parking 
fees. Net rental income from the like-for-like portfolio decreased by 8.8 per cent. Net rental income in 
Finland accounted for 42.3 per cent. and for 41.1 per cent. of Citycon’s total net rental income in 2020 and 
for the three months ended 31 March 2021, respectively. 
The table below sets out the occupancy rates in Finland and Estonia for the financial years indicated. 
Occupancy Rates 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Occupancy rate at end of the period (economic), per cent. ........  
95.3 
95.7 
95.4 
 
 
Finland and Estonia 
Financial Performance 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Q1-
2020 
Q1-
2021 
Gross rental income, EUR million1 ................. 
102.8 
98.3 
91.5 
24.1 
23.2 
Net rental income, EUR million ..................... 
96.9 
94.4 
86.8 
22.3 
20.7 
Net fair value gains/losses on investment 
property, EUR million ................................. 
-58.8 
-56.1 
-87.5 
-12.7 
3.0 
Operating profit/loss, EUR million ................. 
31.4 
37.4 
-3.5 
8.8 
22.3 
Capital expenditure, EUR million ................... 
54.9 
66.9 
150.5 
34.7 
29.0 
Fair value of investment properties, EUR 
million2 ........................................................ 
1,837.7 
1,849.3 
1,913.0 
1,871.3 
1,935.9 
Yield requirement, per cent. ............................ 
5.5 
5.3 
5.5 
5.3 
5.5 
1 
Citycon changed the format of its income statement to reclassify maintenance rents from the gross rental income 
to service charges, which is now reflected in the 2018, 2019 and 2020 figures. 
2 
Fair value includes right-of-use assets recognised as part of investment properties based on IFRS 16 requirements, 
starting 1 January 2019.

--- Page 185 ---
175 
Property Portfolio – Norway 
As of 31 March 2021, Citycon’s property portfolio in Norway consisted of 18 shopping centres and one 
rented shopping centre with a total gross leasable area of 458,200 sq. m.  
Shopping Centres 
As of 31 December 2020, Citycon’s property portfolio in Norway consisted of 17 fully-owned shopping 
centres which had a total gross leasable area of 443,700 sq. m.  In addition, Citycon rents one shopping 
centre and a gross leasable area of 14,500 sq. m. 
The following table summarises Citycon’s shopping centres in Norway as of 31 December 2020. 
Citycon’s 
Shopping Centres 
Norway 
Location 
Gross 
Leasabl
e Area 
Total, 
sq. m. 
Retail 
Gross 
Leasable 
Area 
Total, sq. 
m. 
Sales, 
EUR 
million 
(2020)1 
Footfall, 
million 
(2020)1 
Holding 
of 
Shares, 
per cent. 
(2020) 
Oslo area 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Buskerud 
Storsenter ............... Krokstadelva 
32,100 
28,800 
92.2 
2.1 
100 
Kolbotn Torg .......... Kolbotn 
18,600 
16,500 
56.8 
2.2 
100 
Liertoppen 
Kjøpesenter ............ Lierskogen 
26,900 
24,800 
83.4 
2.1 
100 
Linderud Senter ...... Oslo 
21,600 
16,800 
53.0 
2.2 
100 
Magasinet 
Drammen................ Drammen 
14,500 
9,300 
21.2 
1.8 
100 
Stovner Senter ........ Oslo 
42,900 
32,100 
76.6 
3.0 
100 
Trekanten ............... Asker 
24,000 
16,900 
75.9 
3.1 
100 
Other areas in 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Down Town ........... Porsgrunn 
36,800 
31,500 
71.0 
2.1 
100 
Herkules 
 
Skien 
50,300 
44,400 
100.9 
3.3 
100 
Kilden Kjøpesenter  Stavanger 
23,300 
20,100 
61.0 
1.8 
100 
Kongssenteret ......... Kongsvinger 
18,000 
15,800 
36.0 
1.2 
100 
Kremmertorget ....... Elverum 
20,500 
17,600 
29.2 
1.2 
100 
Oasen Kjøpesenter . Fyllingsdalen 
50,400 
25,400 
88.8 
3.5 
100 
Sjøsiden .................. Horten 
11,300 
9,900 
27.7 
1.0 
100 
Solsiden2 ................ Trondheim 
14,500 
13,700 
59.4 
2.9 
Rented 
Stopp Tune ............. Sarpsborg 
13,300 
12,500 
30.0 
1.2 
100 
Storbyen ................. Sarpsborg 
25,600 
23,900 
52.4 
2.3 
100 
Torvbyen ................ Fredrikstad 
14,100 
11,900 
77.8 
4.2 
100 
Total ...............................................  
458,700 
371,900 
1093.2 
41.3 
 
 
1 
The figures include estimates. 
2 
Rented property. 
 
Lease Portfolio – Norway 
In 2020, Citycon’s Norwegian operations contributed gross rental income of EUR 81.3 million and net 
rental income of EUR 74.1million to Citycon’s results. The acquisition of three shopping centres in 
Norway, Stovner Senter in Oslo and Torvbyen in Fredrikstad, in the beginning of 2020 increased net rental 
income while the previous year’s divestments and weaker NOK and SEK decreased net rental income. In 
addition, the like-for-like net rental decrease remained relatively modest, 5.9 per cent, and was mainly due 
to discounts granted to tenants in the second quarter of 2020 and volume driven income items that were

--- Page 186 ---
176 
aﬀected by the Coronavirus pandemic. Total net rental income adjusted for exchange rates was 3.0 per cent. 
compared to the previous year.  
During the three months ended 31 March 2021, the net rental income from Norwegian operations increased 
by 0.4 per cent., as compared to the corresponding period in 2020, and totalled EUR 19.2 million mainly 
due to the acquisitions of Stovner and Torvbyen shopping centres during the first quarter of 2020. Like-for-
like net rental income decreased by 8.2 per cent. due to higher vacancy, higher property operating expenses 
and lower parking fees. 
The table below sets out the occupancy rates in Norway for the financial years indicated. 
Occupancy Rates 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Occupancy rate at end of the period (economic), 
per cent. .................................................................. 
98.0 
96.1 
92.7 
 
 
Norway 
Financial Performance 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Q1-
2020 
Q1-
2021 
Gross rental income, EUR million1 ................. 
84.7 
80.9 
81.3 
20.5 
21.1 
Net rental income, EUR million ..................... 
74.3 
75.4 
74.1 
19.2 
19.2 
Net fair value gains/losses on investment 
property, EUR million ................................. 
-22.2 
-33.4 
-5.3 
10.2 
-2.3 
Operating profit/loss, EUR million ................. 
39.8 
39.6 
65.4 
29.7 
15.9 
Capital expenditure, EUR million ................... 
21.1 
22.3 
178.3 
143.5 
2.5 
Fair value of investment properties, EUR 
million2 ........................................................ 
1,328.6 
1,371.4 
1,459.9 
1,324.4 
1,529.1 
Yield requirement, per cent. ............................ 
5.4 
5.5 
5.6 
5.5 
5.6 
1 
Citycon changed the format of its income statement to reclassify maintenance rents from the gross rental income 
to service charges, which is now reflected in the 2018, 2019 and 2020 figures. 
2 
Fair value includes right-of-use assets recognised as part of investment properties based on IFRS 16 requirements, 
starting 1 January 2019. 
 
Property Portfolio – Sweden and Denmark 
As of 31 March 2021, Citycon’s investment properties in Sweden and Denmark consisted of 7 shopping 
centres with a gross leasable area of 211,700 sq. m.  In addition, Citycon owns 50 per cent. of Kista Galleria 
shopping centre.  Including Citycon’s 50 per cent. of Kista Galleria, the total leasable area of the 8 shopping 
centres was 257,800 sq. m. 
Shopping Centres 
The following table summarises Citycon’s shopping centres in Sweden and Denmark as of 31 March 2021. 
Citycon’s 
Shopping 
Location 
Gross 
Leasable 
Area 
Retail Gross 
Leasable 
Sales, 
EUR 
Footfall
, million 
(2020)1 
Holding 
of 
Shares

--- Page 187 ---
177 
Centres Sweden 
and Denmark 
Total, sq. 
m. 
Area Total, 
sq. m. 
million 
(2020)1 
(2020), 
per cent. 
Greater 
Stockholm area 
 
 
 
 
  
Jakobsbergs 
Centrum..............  Järfälla 
42,500 
26,100 
49.7 
4.0 
100 
Kista Galleria2 ....  Stockholm 
46,050 
28,900 
61.6 
6.3 
50 
Liljeholmstorget 
Galleria ...............  Stockholm 
41,200 
27,300 
139.6 
7.9 
100 
Åkersberga 
Centrum..............  Åkersberga 
27,900 
22,900 
68.7 
5.7 
100 
Other areas in 
Sweden 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stenungstorg ......  Stenungsund 
35,500 
22,000 
54.0 
2.6 
100 
Mölndals 
Galleria ...............  Mölndal 
26,300 
24,200 
 
69.7 
4.2 
100 
Denmark 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Albertslund 
Centrum..............  Copenhagen 
18,800 
14,200 
37.6 
4.3 
100 
Straedet ..............  Køge 
19,500 
18,000 
22.9 
- 
100 
Total ............................................. 
257,750 
183,600 
503.8 
35.0 
 
1 
The figures include estimates. 
2 
Kista Galleria figures regarding leasable area, sales and footfall are presented as 50 per cent. Citycon owns a 50 
per cent. share of Kista Galleria. 
Lease Portfolio – Sweden and Denmark 
Citycon has strengthened its position in the Swedish shopping centre market following the completion of 
Liljeholmstorget shopping centre in 2009, the extension of Åkersberga Centrum shopping centre in 2010, 
the acquisition of Högdalen Centrum in 2011, the acquisition of Kista Galleria in 2013 and the recent 
(re)development of Mölndal Galleria in Gothenburg in 2018.  In July 2012, Citycon acquired Albertslund 
Centrum in Albertslund, greater Copenhagen area in Denmark and Straedet in Koge in 2018. 
In 2020, the net rental income from Swedish and Danish operations decreased by EUR 2.9 million, or 6.1 
per cent., to EUR 44.5 million (EUR 47.4 million in 2019) due to given discounts, lower footfall and higher 
credit loss provisions.  
During the three months ended 31 March 2021, the net rental income from Swedish and Danish operations 
decreased by 5.2 per cent. due to given discounts, lower footfall and vacancy and higher operating expenses. 
Like-for-like net rental income decreased by 6.6 per cent.   
The table below sets out the occupancy rates in Sweden and Denmark for the financial years indicated. 
Occupancy Rates 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Occupancy rate at end of the period (economic), 
per cent. .................................................................. 
96.0 
94.8 
92.4 
 
 
Sweden and Denmark 
Financial Performance 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Q1-
2020 
Q1-
2021

--- Page 188 ---
178 
Gross rental income, EUR million1 ......................  
49.5 
52.9 
51.5 
13.2 
13.0 
Net rental income, EUR million ..........................  
43.5 
47.4 
44.5 
11.0 
10.5 
Net fair value gains/losses on investment 
property, EUR million ......................................  
8.5 
-32.4 
-54.2 
-9.3 
7.9 
Operating profit/loss, EUR million ......................  
49.3 
11.7 
-14.6 
0.9 
12.5 
Capital expenditure, EUR million ........................  
91.7 
14.1 
14.9 
1.3 
29.4 
Fair value of investment properties, EUR 
million2 .............................................................  
964.9 
939.5 
779.3 
885.9 
773.4 
Yield requirement, per cent. .................................  
5.2 
5.4 
5.7 
5.4 
5.6 
1 
Citycon changed the format of its income statement to reclassify maintenance rents from the gross rental income 
to service charges, which is now reflected in the 2018, 2019 and 2020 figures. 
2 
Fair value includes right-of-use assets recognised as part of investment properties based on IFRS 16 requirements, 
starting 1 January 2019. 
Property Investments, Divestments and Development Projects 
An integral part of Citycon’s growth strategy has been property acquisitions, through which Citycon has 
grown in Finland and expanded its operations into Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Estonia.  Alongside its 
property portfolio’s growth, Citycon has concentrated on the development of its existing shopping centres.  
Citycon continuously monitors the real estate market for prospective acquisitions.  In accordance with its 
strategy, Citycon has divested non-core properties in Finland, Norway, Sweden, Estonia and Lithuania in 
order to be able to better focus on core shopping centres.  Non-core properties comprise of smaller shopping 
centres in non-growing areas outside the largest cities in the region.  Citycon intends to continue the 
divestment of its non-core properties to further improve the average quality and size of the property 
portfolio and strengthen the balance sheet, and to focus on larger, grocery/municipal services-anchored, 
urban hubs with a connection to transportation links and which provide further densification potential to 
add residential units, offices and other complimentary uses.  
In addition to independent acquisitions, Citycon’s strategy includes building joint venture partnerships with 
top-quality Finnish and international players in selected core properties.  At the end of 2017, Citycon had 
three main joint venture partners with CPPIB as a 50 per cent. owner in Kista Galleria shopping centre in 
Sweden and NCC Property Development acting as Citycon’s development partner in the Mölndal Galleria 
project.  NCC Property Development’s share in Iso Omena was purchased by Citycon in August 2016.  In 
addition, Ilmarinen is a 50 per cent. owner of IsoKristiina shopping centre in Finland.  In Norway, Citycon 
is a 20 per cent. owner of three shopping centres along with Partners Group.  In addition, in Norway, 
Citycon is involved in three residential projects together with developers of residential units through the 
joint venture partnerships Klosterfoss Utvikling AS, Sandstranda Bolig AS and Dr Juells Park AS.  Citycon 
may also divest to an external investor part of any of its properties that are not considered part of the core 
business. 
In December 2014, the Mandarinas shopping centre in Lithuania was sold for approximately EUR 12.5 
million, representing a close to 10 per cent. premium to valuation.  In line with Citycon’s divestment 
strategy, in 2014 a portfolio of six Finnish supermarkets and retail units was divested for EUR 6.7 million 
along with four other single supermarket and retail properties and one non-core shopping centre. 
In October 2014, Citycon acquired GIC’s 40 per cent. minority stake in the Iso Omena shopping centre in 
Espoo, Finland and thus gained 100 per cent. ownership of the property.  Citycon completed the extension 
of Iso Omena and partial (re)development of the existing centre in April 2017.  The extension integrates 
the new Matinkylä metro station and bus terminal.

--- Page 189 ---
179 
On 14 July 2015 Citycon acquired Sektor Gruppen, the second largest shopping centre owner and manager 
in Norway, and accomplished full Nordic coverage.  Through the acquisition of Sektor Gruppen Citycon 
improved the quality of its property portfolio by adding 20 fully owned centres and achieving presence in 
all of the Scandinavian countries. 
In January 2015, Citycon signed an agreement with TK Development regarding the future purchase of the 
Straedet project in Køge in the greater Copenhagen area. TK Development developed an urban, grocery-
anchored open-air shopping centre in the heart of Køge, next to the train station.  Citycon acquired the 
property in phases at completion based on a fixed 6.25 per cent. net initial yield.  The total purchase price 
was approximately EUR 81 million.  TK Development started the construction during the first quarter of 
2015 and the project opened in phases with final completion in the second quarter of 2018. 
In June 2015, Citycon entered into contracts to divest two small non-core properties located in Finland and 
Sweden at a total sales price of approximately EUR 14 million.  In July 2015, Citycon signed an agreement 
to sell the non-core shopping centre Strömpilen in Umeå, Sweden, at a sales price of approximately EUR 
39 million and an agreement to sell a portfolio of 13 non-core grocery store properties in Finland which 
have a total value of approximately EUR 76 million.  In July 2015, Citycon also divested the non-core 
shopping centre Galleria in Oulu, Finland, and the Citytalo property next to Galleria, at a total sales price 
of EUR 13 million. 
In 2016, Citycon made several divestments of its Estonian and Finnish portfolio.  On 29 February 2016, 
Citycon divested the shopping centre Magistral in Tallinn, Estonia at a price of EUR 24 million.  On 29 
April 2016, Citycon further divested five supermarkets and retail properties in Finland, which included 
Sinikalliontie, Kontulan Asemakeskus, Lentolan Perusyhtiö, Lillinkulma and Länsi-Keskus, at a total sale 
price of EUR 74 million.  These retail properties had a gross leasable area of 46,800 sq. m.  In August 2016, 
Citycon purchased NCC Property Development’s share in the shopping centre Iso Omena extension for 
approximately EUR 80 million.  Citycon is now the sole owner of the Iso Omena shopping centre. 
In 2017, Citycon acquired an office building adjacent to Citycon’s Oasen shopping centre in Bergen for 
EUR 78.0 million and invested approximately EUR 85 million in (re)development projects such as Iso 
Omena and Mölndal Galleria.  Citycon also signed a contract to divest shopping centre Lietorvet in Skien, 
Norway, for approximately EUR 13 million and the divestment was completed on 7 July 2017.  During the 
last quarter of 2017, Citycon acquired the second and the largest part of shopping centre Straedet in Køge 
in the greater Copenhagen area for approximately EUR 60.0 million.  The final part of the centre is expected 
to be acquired during the second quarter of 2018 for approximately EUR 3 million.  In 2017, Citycon 
continued to implement its divestment strategy and divested 13 non-core properties and residential building 
rights for a total value of EUR 325.0 million.  For instance, in November 2017 Citycon successfully closed 
the divestment transaction of a property portfolio including five shopping centres in Finland.  During the 
first quarter of 2018, Citycon continued to implement its divestment strategy and divested shopping centre 
Åkermyntan along with residential building rights for a total value of approximately EUR 30 million.   
In 2018, Citycon opened its EUR 116.0 million Mölndal Galleria in Greater Gothenburg area, which 
consists of two floors and 24,000 sq. m. of retail, groceries, food & beverage and services.  The Mölndal 
Galleria is the first brand new shopping centre in the Greater Gothenburg Area in over 12 years, and it will 
serve Mölndal’s growing population of approximately 45,000.  During the same year, Citycon acquired the 
third part of shopping centre Straedet for EUR 9.0 million. Also in 2018, Citycon divested five secondary 
assets in Finland, Norway and Sweden for EUR 96.0 million, improving the average asset quality of its 
asset portfolio. 
In May 2019, Citycon entered into agreements to sell two land plots in Vuosaari, Helsinki for a total value 
of EUR 9.4 million. The first of the two divestments closed in September 2019 for EUR 5.9 million and the 
sale of the second plot will be completed following the approval of the zoning.  The divestments reflect 
Citycon’s strategy to focus on larger, urban and grocery-anchored shopping centres in the Nordics. 
In June 2019, Citycon signed an agreement to sell two shopping centres in Finland for EUR 76.8 million to 
a Nordic real estate investor NREP to divest shopping centre Arabia in Helsinki and shopping centre Duo

--- Page 190 ---
180 
in Tampere.  The transaction closed during the second quarter of 2019. The proceeds from the transaction 
were mainly used to repay debt. 
In February 2020, Citycon acquired the remaining interest in Sektor Portefølje II AS, a portfolio of three 
shopping centres in Norway. The three shopping centres involved in the transaction, Stovner Senter, 
Torvbyen and Markedet, have been managed by Citycon since 2015. Citycon had previously owned 20 per 
cent. of the portfolio. The transaction cost amounted to EUR 145.9 million, of which Citycon assumed 
existing debt of EUR 135.9 million and paid a cash purchase price for shares of EUR 10.0 million. The 
transaction closed on 6 February 2020. 
On 2 March 2020, Citycon divested Markedet with the price of EUR 11.6 million. 
Citycon bought out 24 per cent. of minority shareholders in Heikintori Oy on 31 March 2020. After the 
transaction Citycon’s ownership of Heikintori Oy, which holds a shopping centre in Espoo, Finland, is 93 
per cent. 
On 20 November 2020, Citycon acquired certain land plots next to Kristiine shopping centre in Tallin, 
Estonia for a total price of EUR 1.6 million.  
On 12 February 2021, Citycon signed an agreement to sell three shopping centres in Sweden for the gross 
purchase price of EUR 147.0 million. The divestment follows Citycon’ s strategy to focus on larger, 
grocery/municipal services-anchored, urban hubs with a connection to transportation links and which 
provide further densification potential to add residential units, offices and other complimentary uses. The 
closing of the transaction occurred on 31 March 2021.   
On 29 April 2021 Citycon acquired the full ownership (100 per cent.) of Heikintori Oy in Espoo Finland. 
The table below presents Citycon’s acquisitions and divestments as of 31 March 2021. 
 
Asset type 
Location 
Date 
Gross 
leasable 
area, sq. 
m. 
Price, 
MEUR 
Divestments 
 
 
 
 
 
Portfolio of 3 centres ............... 
 
 
31 March 
2021 
 
147.01 
Tumba................................ Shopping 
centre 
Botkyrka, 
Sweden 
 
23,200 
 
Högdalen ........................... Shopping 
centre 
Bandhagen, 
Sweden 
 
20,000 
 
Fruängen ............................ Shopping 
centre 
Hägerstern, 
Sweden 
 
14,700 
 
Divestments, Total ................. 
 
 
 
57,900 
147.0 
 
1 
Gross purchase price.  
 
In recent years, Citycon has divested non-core properties and plans to continue to improve the quality of its 
portfolio and recycle capital through additional divestments in the coming years. Strengthening the balance 
sheet remains a key priority and Citycon will continue its capital recycling actions going forward.  Citycon 
plans to continue to improve the quality of its portfolio and will be a net seller going-forward.  In addition 
to non-core divestments, Citycon is also considering entering into JV agreements at some of its shopping 
centres.

--- Page 191 ---
181 
(Re)development Projects in Progress 
Citycon divides its investment properties into two categories:  Investment Properties under Construction 
and Operative Investment Properties. As of 31 March 2021, the first mentioned category includes the 
shopping centre Lippulaiva in Finland.  The previous shopping centre Lippulaiva was demolished during 
the last quarter of 2017 and Citycon expects to open a new shopping centre in spring 2022, which will be 
fully integrated with the new metro station. In addition, Citycon has one smaller development project 
ongoing in Oasen Kjøpesenter in Norway, in which over 6,000 sq. m. of oﬃce space will be converted into 
premises for a new health centre, F&B and daily shopping. 
The table below presents Citycon’s development projects approved by the Board of Directors that were in 
progress as of 31 March 2021.  Citycon intends to finance the investments in progress through cash flow 
from the business and a combination of debt and equity financing. 
Property 
Location 
Area 
before/after, 
sq. m 
Estimated 
total project 
investment 
(EUR 
million) 
Actual gross 
capital 
investments by 
31 March 2021 
(EUR million) 
Estimated 
final year 
of 
completion 
Lippulaiva ........ 
Helsinki 
metropolitan, 
Finland 
19,200/44,300 
TBC1 
262.6 
2022 
Oasen 
Kjøpesenter 
(phase I)  .......... 
Bergen, 
Norway 
- 
11.6 
8.0 
2021 
 
1 
Expected investment to be confirmed after the execution decision of Lippulaiva’s residential buildings is 
completed. 
(Re)development Projects under Consideration 
In addition to the above presented development projects already decided by Citycon’s Board of Directors, 
there are (re)development projects under consideration whose planning process has not yet arrived at the 
decision stage or that do not require the decision of the Board, for example because of the size of the project.  
All projects under consideration may change, for example due to circumstances relating to city planning 
and zoning. 
Due to the market uncertainty, the initiation of planned projects will be carefully evaluated against strict 
pre-leasing criteria. 
The most significant (re)development and extension projects under consideration by Citycon are of 
Liljeholmstorget Galleria in Stockholm, Sweden, Stenungstorg in Stenungsund, Sweden, Oasen in Bergen, 
Norway, Isomyyri in Vantaa, Finland and Trekanten in Oslo, Norway where Citycon is connecting the 
property to the metro station in order to create seamless connections with public transportation and 
additional space for new retail, groceries and services.  The Trekanten plan also includes building rights for 
residential and offices.

--- Page 192 ---
182 
TAXATION 
Tax Warning 
Potential investors and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp taxes or 
other documentary taxes or fiscal duties or charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country 
where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In addition, payments of interest on the Notes, or 
income derived from the Notes, may be subject to taxation, including withholding taxes, in the jurisdiction 
of Citycon Treasury, in the jurisdiction of the Parent, in the jurisdiction of the holder of Notes, or in other 
jurisdictions in which the holder of Notes is required to pay taxes. Any such tax consequences may have 
an impact on the net income received from the Notes. 
Prospective investors should carefully consider the tax consequences of investing in the Notes and 
consult their own tax adviser about their own tax situation. Finally, potential investors should be aware 
that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to time, 
with or without retroactive effect. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which 
will apply at any given time. 
Dutch Tax Considerations 
General 
The following is a general summary of certain material Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding 
and disposal of the Notes (for the purposes of this section including, for the avoidance of doubt, Coupons).  
This summary does not purport to describe all possible tax considerations or consequences that may be 
relevant to a holder or prospective holder of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as trusts or similar arrangements) may be 
subject to special rules.  In view of its general nature, it should be treated with corresponding caution. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of The Netherlands, published regulations thereunder and published 
authoritative case law, all as in effect on the date of this Offering Circular, and all of which are subject to 
change, possibly with retroactive effect. Where the summary refers to “The Netherlands” or “Dutch” it 
refers to the part of the Kingdom of The Netherlands located in Europe. In addition, the summary is based 
on the assumption that the Notes issued by Citycon Treasury do not qualify as equity of Citycon Treasury 
for Dutch tax purposes. 
The discussion is for general information purposes only and is not tax advice or a complete description of 
all tax consequences relating to the acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes. Holders or prospective 
holders of Notes should consult their own tax advisers regarding the tax consequences relating to the 
acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
Withholding tax 
Holders of Notes (other than entities related to Citycon Treasury) 
All payments of principal or interest made by, or on behalf of, Citycon Treasury under the Notes to holders 
of Notes other than holders that are entities related to Citycon Treasury (within the meaning of the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021; Wet bronbelasting 2021) (see below) may be made free of withholding or 
deduction of, for or on account of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by 
The Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
Holders of Notes that are entities related to Citycon Treasury 
Payments of principal or interest made by, or on behalf of, Citycon Treasury under the Notes to holders of 
Notes that are entities related (gelieerd) to  Citycon Treasury (within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding

--- Page 193 ---
183 
Tax Act 2021) (see below) may become subject to Dutch withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. (rate for 
2021), if such related entity: 
(i) 
is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch 
Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden) (a 
"Listed Jurisdiction"); or  
(ii) 
has a permanent establishment located in a Listed Jurisdiction to which the interest payment is 
attributable; or  
(iii) 
is entitled to the interest payment for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid 
taxation for another person; or  
(iv) 
is a hybrid entity (a hybrid mismatch), or 
(v) 
is not resident in any jurisdiction,  
all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021. 
Listed Jurisdiction 
For the fiscal year 2021, the following 23 jurisdictions are Listed Jurisdictions: American Samoa, Anguilla, 
Bahamas, Bahrain, Barbados, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Fiji, Guam, 
Guernsey, Isle of Man, Jersey, Palau, Panama, Samoa, Seychelles, Trinidad and Tobago, Turkmenistan, 
Turks and Caicos Islands, Vanuatu, the United Arab Emirates and the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
Related entity 
For purposes of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021, an entity is considered a related entity if: 
(i) 
such entity has a Qualifying Interest (as defined below) in Citycon Treasury;  
(ii) 
Citycon Treasury has a Qualifying Interest in such entity; or  
(iii) 
a third party has a Qualifying Interest in both Citycon Treasury and such entity.  
The term "Qualifying Interest" means a directly or indirectly held interest – either individually or jointly 
as part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) – that confers a definite influence over the entity's 
decisions and allows the holder of such interest to determine its activities (within the meaning of case law 
of the European Court of Justice on the right of freedom of establishment (vrijheid van vestiging)) 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
Please note that the summary in this section does not describe the Dutch tax consequences for: 
(i) 
holders of Notes if such holders, and in the case of individuals, such Noteholder’s partner or certain 
of their relatives by blood or marriage in the direct line (including foster children), have a 
substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest (fictief aanmerkelijk 
belang) in Citycon Treasury under the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001).  
Generally speaking, a holder of securities in a company is considered to hold a substantial interest 
in such company, if such holder alone or, in the case of individuals, together with such Noteholder’s 
partner (as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001), directly or indirectly, holds (i) an interest 
of 5 per cent. or more of the total issued and outstanding capital of that company or of 5 per cent. 
or more of the issued and outstanding capital of a certain class of shares of that company; or (ii) 
rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest; or (iii) certain profit-sharing rights in that 
company that relate to 5 per cent. or more of the company’s annual profits and/or to 5 per cent. or

--- Page 194 ---
184 
more of the company’s liquidation proceeds.  A deemed substantial interest may arise if a 
substantial interest (or part thereof) in a company has been disposed of, or is deemed to have been 
disposed of, on a non-recognition basis; 
(ii) 
pension funds, investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen), exempt investment 
institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) (as defined in the Dutch Corporate Income Tax 
Act 1969; Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969) and other entities that are, in whole or in part, 
not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax; and 
(iii) 
holders of Notes who are individuals for whom the Notes or any benefit derived from the Notes are 
a remuneration or deemed to be a remuneration for activities performed by such holders or certain 
individuals related to such holders (as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001). 
Dutch Resident Entities 
Generally speaking, if the holder of Notes is an entity that is a resident or deemed to be a resident of The 
Netherlands for Dutch corporate income tax purposes (a Dutch Resident Entity), any payment under the 
Notes or any gain or loss realised on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes is subject to Dutch 
corporate income tax at a rate of 15 per cent. with respect to taxable profits up to €245,000 and 25 per cent. 
with respect to taxable profits in excess of that amount (rates and brackets for 2021). 
Dutch Resident Individuals 
If a holder of Notes is an individual, resident or deemed to be a resident of The Netherlands for Dutch 
income tax purposes (a Dutch Resident Individual), any payment under the Notes or any gain or loss 
realised on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes is taxable at the progressive income tax rates (with 
a maximum of 49.50 per cent. in 2021), if: 
(i) 
the Notes are attributable to an enterprise from which the holder of Notes derives a share of the 
profit, whether as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) or as a person who has a co entitlement to the net 
worth (medegerechtigd tot het vermogen) of such enterprise without being a shareholder (as defined 
in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001); or 
(ii) 
the holder of Notes is considered to perform activities with respect to the Notes that go beyond 
ordinary asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer) or derives benefits from the Notes 
that are taxable as benefits from other activities (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden). 
Income from savings and investments 
If the above-mentioned conditions (i) and (ii) do not apply to the individual holder of Notes, such 
Noteholder will be taxed annually on a deemed return (with a maximum of 5.69 per cent. in 2021) on the 
individual’s net investment assets (rendementsgrondslag) for the year, insofar the individual’s net 
investment assets for the year exceed a certain threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The deemed return on the 
individual’s net investment assets for the year is taxed at a rate of 31 per cent.  Actual income, gains or 
losses in respect of the Notes are as such not subject to Dutch income tax.  
The net investment assets for the year are the fair market value of the investment assets less the allowable 
liabilities on 1 January of the relevant calendar year.  The Notes are included as investment assets. 
For the net investments on 1 January 2021, the deemed return ranges from 1.90 per cent. up to 5.69 per 
cent. (depending on the aggregate amount of the net investment assets of the individual on 1 January 2021). 
The deemed, variable return will be adjusted annually on the basis of historic market yields. 
Non-residents of The Netherlands

--- Page 195 ---
185 
A holder of Notes that is neither a Dutch Resident Entity nor a Dutch Resident Individual will not be subject 
to Dutch taxes on income or capital gains in respect of any payment under the Notes or in respect of any 
gain or loss realised on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes, provided that: 
(i) 
such holder does not have an interest in an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in the Dutch 
Income Tax Act 2001 and the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969) which, in whole or in part, 
is either effectively managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment, 
a deemed permanent establishment or a permanent representative in The Netherlands and to which 
enterprise or part of an enterprise the Notes are attributable; and 
(ii) 
in the event the holder is an individual, such holder does not carry out any activities in The 
Netherlands with respect to the Notes that go beyond ordinary asset management and does not 
derive benefits from the Notes that are taxable as benefits from other activities in The Netherlands. 
Gift and inheritance taxes 
Residents of The Netherlands 
Gift or inheritance taxes will arise in The Netherlands with respect to a transfer of the Notes by way of a 
gift by, or on the death of, a holder of such Notes who is resident or deemed resident of The Netherlands at 
the time of the gift or his or her death. 
Non-residents of The Netherlands 
No Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will arise on the transfer of Notes by way of gift by, or on the death of, 
a holder of Notes who is neither resident nor deemed to be a resident in The Netherlands, unless: 
(i) 
in the case of a gift of a Note by an individual who at the date of the gift was neither resident nor 
deemed to be a resident in The Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days after the date of 
the gift, while being resident or deemed to be a resident of The Netherlands; or 
(ii) 
in the case a gift of a Note is made under a condition precedent, the holder of the Notes is resident 
or is deemed to be resident of The Netherlands at the time the condition is fulfilled; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is otherwise construed as a gift or inheritance made by, or on behalf of, a person who, 
at the time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be a resident of The Netherlands. 
For purposes of Dutch gift and inheritance taxes, amongst others, a person that holds the Dutch nationality 
will be deemed to be a resident of The Netherlands if such person has been a resident of The Netherlands 
at any time during the ten years preceding the date of the gift or such person’s death.  Additionally, for the 
purposes of Dutch gift tax, amongst others, a person not holding the Dutch nationality will be deemed to 
be a resident of The Netherlands if such person has been a resident of The Netherlands at any time during 
the twelve months preceding the date of the gift.  Applicable tax treaties may override deemed residency. 
Value added tax (VAT) 
No Dutch VAT will be payable by a holder of Notes on (i) any payment in consideration for the issue of 
the Notes or (ii) the payment of interest or principal by Citycon Treasury or the Parent under the Notes. 
Other taxes and duties 
No Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty will be payable by a 
holder of Notes in respect of in connection with (i) the issue of the Notes or (ii) the payment of interest or 
principal by Citycon Treasury or the Parent under the Notes.

--- Page 196 ---
186 
Finnish tax considerations 
General 
The following is a general description of certain Finnish tax consequences relating to receipt of principal, 
interest and capital gains in respect of the Notes, including payments under the Guarantee.  This summary 
is based on the laws and regulations in full force and effect in Finland as at the date of this Offering Circular, 
which may be subject to change in the future, potentially with retroactive effect.  Investors should be aware 
that the comments below are of a general nature and do not constitute legal or tax advice and should not be 
understood as such.  The comments below relate only to the position of persons who are the absolute 
beneficial owners of the Notes and Coupons.  Holders or prospective holders of Notes are therefore advised 
to consult their own qualified tax advisors to determine, in the light of their individual situation, the tax 
consequences of the acquisition, holding, redemption, sale or other disposition of the Notes and Coupons. 
Non-resident Holders of Notes and Coupons 
Payments made by or on behalf of Citycon Treasury or the Parent to persons not resident in Finland for tax 
purposes and who do not engage in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of 
business in Finland may be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of the Republic of Finland or by any municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein. 
Resident Holders of Notes and Coupons 
Payments made by or on behalf of Citycon Treasury or the Parent to persons resident in Finland for tax 
purposes are subject to tax in Finland.  Repayments of principal on the Notes as well as the redemption or 
other sale of the Notes are treated as disposals (partial or full, depending on the case) of the Notes, 
potentially resulting in taxation on the capital gains/losses, as explained below. 
(a) 
Corporates 
For Finnish resident corporate entities, and entities not resident in Finland for tax purposes but who 
engage in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Finland, interest income and yields from disposals relating to the Notes are generally taxed at a 
corporate income tax rate of 20 per cent. (the current rate in 2021).  The remaining acquisition cost 
in taxation of the Notes is regarded as tax-deductible expenditure upon disposal of the Notes.  
Losses resulting from the disposal of the Notes can be set off against income from the same income 
source during the year of the disposal and ten subsequent tax years.   
Payments made to corporates resident in Finland for tax purposes are made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or by any 
municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
(b) 
Individuals and Estates 
For a private person (and an estate of a deceased person) who is resident in Finland for tax purposes 
and is taxed in accordance with the Income Tax Act (1535/1992, as amended), interest income and 
capital gains relating to the Notes (including payments made by Citycon Treasury or the Parent) 
are generally taxed at the current (2021) capital income tax rate of 30 per cent. up to EUR 30,000 
and 34 per cent. for any amounts exceeding EUR 30,000.  Capital gains are tax-exempt if all taxable 
sales during a tax year in aggregate do not exceed EUR 1,000.  Correspondingly, capital losses are 
not deductible if the related acquisition costs in a tax year in aggregate do not exceed EUR 1,000.  
Capital gains or losses are calculated by deducting the aggregate of the acquisition cost and the 
expenses related to acquiring the gain or loss from the sale price.  Alternatively, instead of applying

--- Page 197 ---
187 
the actual acquisition cost, individuals and estates can apply a “presumed acquisition cost,” in 
which case no additional actual expenses can be deducted.  The presumed acquisition cost is 20 per 
cent. (and if the Notes have been owned for a period of at least ten years, 40 per cent.) of the sale 
price.  Capital losses resulting from the disposal of such Notes, which do not belong to the business 
activities of individuals or estates, can generally be set off against capital income from non-business 
activities derived during the tax year of the disposal and five subsequent years. 
Note that the separate tax rules applicable to Finnish resident private individuals taxed in 
accordance with the Business Income Tax Act (360/1968, as amended) are not dealt with in this 
description. 
Payments of interest or interest compensation (secondary market compensation, in Finnish 
“jälkimarkkinahyvitys”) made to individuals or estates are generally subject to advance withholding 
of income tax according to the Prepayment Act (Ennakkoperintälaki 1118/1996, as amended).  The 
withholding liability should primarily lie with any paying agent or other intermediary (such as a 
financial institution) effecting the payment to the holder of Notes or Coupons, if the paying agent 
or intermediary is resident in Finland for tax purposes or the payment is made through a Finnish 
permanent establishment of a non-resident paying agent or intermediary. 
The Act on Withholding on Interest Income (Laki korkotulon lähdeverosta 1341/1990, as amended) 
should not be applicable to payments made under the Notes, Coupons or the Guarantee. 
Gift and inheritance tax 
Unless an applicable international tax treaty states otherwise, gift or inheritance taxes will arise in Finland 
with respect to a transfer of the Notes by way of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of such Notes, in case 
the donor/deceased person or the donee/beneficiary was a resident of Finland at the time of the gift/death.  
Subject to certain restrictions, the Finnish Inheritance and Gift Tax Act (Perintö- ja lahjaverolaki 378/1940, 
as amended) allows crediting the gift or inheritance tax, paid for the same property in some other country 
in case the donee/beneficiary is a resident in Finland.  For the purposes of Finnish gift and inheritance taxes, 
a person who has his/her permanent home and dwelling in Finland, is deemed resident in Finland. 
Transfer Taxation 
A transfer of the Notes or Coupons is not subject to Finnish transfer taxation. 
Value added tax (VAT) 
No Finnish VAT will be payable by the holders of the Notes on (i) any payment in consideration for the 
issue of the Notes or (ii) the payment of interest or principal by Citycon Treasury or the Parent under the 
Notes. 
Norwegian tax considerations 
General 
The following is a general summary of Norwegian tax considerations relating to acquisitions, holding and 
disposal of Notes issued under the Programme.  The information does not purport to be a complete summary 
of Norwegian tax law and practice currently applicable.  This summary is based upon the law as in effect 
on the date of this Offering Circular and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date.  
Such changes could be made on a retrospective basis. 
Norwegian tax legislation does not currently include statutory legislation relating specifically to notes.  
Instead, taxation treatment must be derived from general tax rules and principles applicable to capital 
income and capital gains.  Therefore, the answers to certain questions in respect of the legal basis and

--- Page 198 ---
188 
principles of recognition of income related to the Notes may be uncertain.  The terms of the Notes may 
cause the taxation of the Notes to depart from the taxation treatment described in this summary. 
Due to the general nature of this summary, potential investors are advised to consult with and rely upon 
their own tax advisers.  Noteholders tax resident in jurisdictions other than Norway should consult with and 
rely upon local tax advisers as regards the tax position in their country of residence. 
Non-Norwegian holders 
(a) 
Payment of interest 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes to persons or legal entities not considered resident 
in Norway for tax purposes, (nor considered to hold the Notes in connection with business activities 
conducted or managed in Norway), are not subject to any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any Norwegian taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges. 
(b) 
Sale, exchange and redemption of Notes 
Gains or profits realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of the Notes by persons or legal 
entities not considered resident in Norway for tax purposes (nor considered to hold the Notes in 
connection with business activities conducted or managed in Norway), are not subject to 
Norwegian taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges. 
(c) 
Stamp duties and net wealth taxation 
No Norwegian issue tax or stamp duties are payable in connection with the issue of the Notes. 
Notes held by persons or legal entities not considered resident in Norway for tax purposes (nor 
considered to hold the Notes in connection with business activities conducted or managed in 
Norway), will not be subject to net wealth taxation in Norway. 
Norwegian holders 
(a) 
Payment of interest 
Holders of Notes resident in Norway for tax purposes will be subject to Norwegian capital income 
taxation on interest which is currently 22 per cent. (25 per cent. for financial companies subject to 
financial tax). The same applies to persons and legal entities that hold the Notes in connection with 
any business activity conducted or managed in Norway. 
Interest is as a general rule recognised for tax purposes at the time the interest is considered acquired 
on an accrual basis.  This means that neither the actual payment nor the due date of possible 
payment of interest is as a starting point decisive when determining when interest deriving from 
the Notes is recognised for tax purposes. 
(b) 
Sale, exchange and redemption of Notes 
Holders of Notes resident in Norway for tax purposes are taxed in Norway on realised gains 
(including sale, exchange and redemption) of Notes and have a right to deduct losses, which arise 
on such realisation, provided that one of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
the Notes are classified as debentures (“mengdegjeldsbrev”) as opposed to non-negotiable 
debt, or 
(ii) 
the realisation of the Notes is connected to business activities.

--- Page 199 ---
189 
Gains are taxable as ordinary income, currently at a rate of 22 per cent. (25 per cent. for 
financial companies subject to financial tax). Losses are deductible at the same rate.  This 
will include gains or losses attributed to any change in the denominated currency (other 
than NOK).  Such gains or losses are taxable even if the Notes are not classified as 
debentures or not connected to business activities. 
The same applies to persons and legal entities that hold the Notes in connection with any 
business activity conducted or managed in Norway. 
Net wealth taxation 
For holders of Notes resident in Norway for tax purposes or that hold the Notes in connection with business 
activities conducted or managed in Norway, except limited liability companies and similar entities, the 
Notes will be taken into account for net wealth tax purposes in Norway.  Listed Notes are valued at the 
market value on 1 January in the assessment year.  The marginal rate of net wealth tax is 0.85 per cent. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and certain 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, commonly known as FATCA, a foreign financial 
institution (as defined in FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements.  
Citycon Treasury or the Parent may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of 
jurisdictions (including Finland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions.  Under the provisions of such IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru 
payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply before the date that is two years 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published and Notes issued 
prior to six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of Citycon Treasury). However, if additional 
Notes (as described under Condition 18 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes 
and Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes) that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 200 ---
190 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 24 June 2021, agreed 
with Citycon Treasury and the Parent a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree 
to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes”, 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes”.  In the Programme Agreement, Citycon Treasury (failing which, the Guarantor) and the Parent have 
agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any 
future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers 
against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Offering Circular as completed by the 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 201 ---
191 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of 
the EEA each Dealer represents and agrees that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that, it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Offering Circular as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by Citycon Treasury or the Parent, as applicable, for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require Citycon Treasury or the 
Parent, as applicable, or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). 
For these purposes, 
(a) 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:

--- Page 202 ---
192 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the EUWA); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Offering Circular as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK selling restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer;

--- Page 203 ---
193 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
The Netherlands 
Notes in definitive bearer form that constitute a fixed claim against the relevant Issuer and on which interest 
does not become due during their term or on which no interest is due whatsoever are subject to the above 
mentioned selling restriction under “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” and, in addition thereto, 
may fall within the definition of ‘spaarbewijzen’ as referred to in the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet 
inzake spaarbewijzen).  Any transfer and acceptance of such Notes within, from or into The Netherlands is 
prohibited unless it is done through the mediation of either the relevant Issuer or a member of Euronext in 
Amsterdam N.V., and must be either: 
(a) 
between individuals or legal entities who or which trade or invest in securities in the conduct of a 
profession or trade (which includes banks, brokers, dealers, insurance companies, pension funds, 
other institutional investors and commercial enterprises which regularly, as an ancillary activity 
invest in securities); or 
(b) 
in any other case, recorded in a transaction note, including the name and address of each party to 
the transaction, the nature of the transaction and the details and serial number of such Note. 
The above prohibition does not apply (a) to a transfer and acceptance between individuals who do not act 
in the conduct of a profession or a business, (b) to the initial issue of such Notes to the first holders thereof, 
or (c) to the issue and trading of such Notes within, from or into The Netherlands if they are physically 
issued outside The Netherlands and are not immediately thereafter distributed in The Netherlands or to 
residents of The Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately thereafter. 
In the event that the Dutch Savings Certificates Act applies, the relevant Issuer as the issuer of the Notes, 
as applicable, or the Dealers or the Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be, which make payments or 
act as intermediaries in respect thereof are obliged to formally identify their counterparty(ies) and to keep 
a record of the details and serial numbers of the Notes involved. 
The Republic of Finland 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will agree that it will not 
publicly offer the Notes or bring the Notes into general circulation in the Republic of Finland other than in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and all applicable provisions of the laws of the Republic of 
Finland, including the Finnish Securities Market Act (Arvopaperimarkkinalaki (746/2012, as amended)) 
and any regulation made thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to time. 
Norway 
In no circumstances may an offer of Notes denominated in NOK be made in the Norwegian market without 
the Notes being registered in Euronext VPS in dematerialised form or in another central securities 
depository which is properly authorised and recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
(in Norwegian: Finanstilsynet) as being entitled to register the Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 
909/2014.  See also the selling restriction “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” above.   
Japan

--- Page 204 ---
194 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that the offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual 
in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, 
transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any 
similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
The Kingdom of Sweden  
This Offering Circular has not been approved by or registered with the Swedish Financial Supervisory 
Authority (Finansiinspektionen) pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (Lag 
(1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument).  Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will agree, that it will not market or offer the Notes in Sweden other than 
in circumstances that are deemed not to be an offer to the public in Sweden which would result in a 
requirement to prepare a prospectus in Sweden under the Financial Instruments Trading Act (1991:980) 
(Lag (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument). 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Offering Circular has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Offering Circular or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the 
SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,

--- Page 205 ---
195 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivative contracts (as defined in 
Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) 
in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore and a 
reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as 
modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable 
at the relevant time. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in respect of any Exempt Notes), all Notes issued or to be issued 
under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it 
is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Trustee and any of the other Dealers shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Trustee and the Dealers 
represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 206 ---
196 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of Citycon Treasury dated 24 May 2021 and by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Parent dated 5 May 2021 and the giving of the Guarantee for the obligations of Citycon Treasury under the 
Notes has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor dated 5 May 
2021.   
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to 
the issue of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has 
been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months 
from the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market.  
The approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 24 June 2021. 
In the case of VPS Notes, application may be made to the Oslo Stock Exchange for such VPS Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated market. 
Applicable Finnish Law 
In Finland, Citycon Oyj is subject to various Finnish laws and regulations, including but not limited to the 
Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act (624/2006, as amended), the Finnish Accounting Act (1336/1997, 
as amended), the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012, as amended) and the Finnish Penal Code 
(39/1889, as amended), as well as various rules and regulations of Finnish authorities and non-governmental 
bodies (including but not limited to the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority, the Finnish Competition 
and Consumer Authority, Helsinki Stock Exchange and the Finnish Securities Market Association).  
Citycon Oyj is also subject to regional and supranational regulations, most notably European Union 
legislation.  This list of laws and regulations does not aim to be comprehensive and lists only some general 
legislation applicable to Citycon Oyj. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the relevant Issuer 
in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.   
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from https://www.citycon.com/investors/financing/emtn-
programme and from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent for the time being in London or the 
registered office of the VPS Trustee: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents of each of Citycon Treasury and the Parent (with an English 
translation thereof); 
(b) 
the consolidated and non-consolidated audited financial statements of the Parent in respect of the 
financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, in each case, together with the 
auditors’ reports in connection therewith.  The Parent currently prepares audited consolidated and 
non-consolidated accounts on an annual basis;

--- Page 207 ---
197 
(c) 
the non-consolidated audited financial statements of Citycon Treasury in respect of the financial 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 together with the independent auditor’s 
reports in connection therewith.  Citycon Treasury currently prepares audited non-consolidated 
accounts on an annual basis; 
(d) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Parent and Citycon Treasury 
and the most recently published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of the Parent, in 
each case together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith.  The Parent 
currently prepares unaudited reviewed consolidated interim accounts on a quarterly basis; 
(e) 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the VPS Trustee Agreement, the VPS 
Agency Agreement, and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons 
and the Talons; 
(f) 
a copy of this Offering Circular; and 
(g) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms and 
Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the relevant Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent or the VPS Trustee and VPS Agent, 
as applicable as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Offering Circular and any other 
documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
This Offering Circular will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at  https://live.euronext.com/ 
and will be available at https://www.citycon.com/investors/financing/emtn-programme.   
Clearing Systems 
The Notes other than the VPS Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the VPS Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euronext VPS (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code, International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN), Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial 
Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS, as applicable, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).  If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative 
clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels.  The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.  The address of Euronext VPS is Fred. Olsens gate 1, N-0152 Oslo. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by Citycon Treasury 
or the Parent and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been (i) no significant change in the financial performance or position of Citycon Treasury since 
31 December 2020, or of the Parent or the Group since 31 March 2021 and there has been no material 
adverse change in the financial position or prospects of Citycon Treasury, the Parent or the Group since 31 
December 2020.

--- Page 208 ---
198 
Litigation 
Neither Citycon Treasury, the Parent nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which Citycon Treasury or the Parent are aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this 
document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of Citycon Treasury, the Parent or the Group. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Parent are Ernst & Young Oy, members of the Finnish Institute of Authorised Public 
Accountants, who have audited the Parent’s financial statements as at and for each of the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019, in accordance with good auditing practice in Finland, and have 
issued unqualified audit reports in respect of those financial statements.  The auditors of the Guarantor have 
no material interest in the Guarantor. 
The independent auditor of Citycon Treasury is Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, the registered 
accountants of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP are members of the Royal Netherlands Institute of 
Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants), who has audited 
Citycon Treasury’s financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019, in accordance with Dutch law, and has issued an unqualified auditor’s report in respect of those 
financial statements.  The auditor of Citycon Treasury has no interest in Citycon Treasury. 
Dealers transacting with Citycon Treasury and the Parent 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for Citycon Treasury, the 
Parent and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may 
have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of Citycon 
Treasury, the Parent and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
Citycon Treasury, the Parent or their affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with Citycon Treasury or the Parent routinely hedge their credit exposure to Citycon Treasury 
or the Parent consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme.  Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments.   
Language of this Offering Circular 
The language of this Offering Circular is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 209 ---
CITYCON TREASURY 
Citycon Treasury B.V. 
Hullenbergweg 300 
1101 BV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
THE PARENT 
Citycon Oyj 
Piispansilta 9A 
02230 Espoo 
Finland 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
VPS AGENT 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
VPS TRUSTEE 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1 
0160 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 210 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To Citycon Treasury and the Parent as to English law 
Milbank LLP 
10 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7JD 
United Kingdom 
To Citycon Treasury and the Parent as to Finnish law 
Borenius Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 2 
FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
To Citycon Treasury and the Parent as to Dutch law 
NautaDutilh N.V. 
Beethovenstraat 400 
1082 PR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
To Citycon Treasury and the Parent as to Norwegian 
law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Tjuvholmen Alle 16 
NO-0252 Oslo 
Norway 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
AUDITORS 
To the Parent 
Ernst & Young Oy 
Alvar Aallon katu 5 C 
00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
To Citycon Treasury 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Euclideslaan 1  
3584 BL Utrecht  
Netherlands 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16  
Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 60 323 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr.  
11-17, 60329  
Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki 
Finland 
 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
Gebhardinaukio 1 
P.O. Box 308, 00013 
OP, Helsinki 
Finland 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
D02 T380