--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
CNH Industrial N.V. 
(Incorporated as a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws of the Netherlands No. 56532474) 
as Issuer and as Guarantor, for Notes issued by 
CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. 
and 
CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. 
(Incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg; 
Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg No. B-155849) 
as Issuer 
 
€10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), CNH Industrial N.V. (“CNH Industrial” or 
the “Company”) and CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. (“CIFE”) (each an “Issuer” and together, the “Issuers”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The payments of all amounts due in respect of Notes issued by CIFE (the “Guaranteed Notes”) will 
be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by CNH Industrial (in such capacity, the “Guarantor”). 
CIFE has a right of substitution as set out in Condition 15(a) and Condition 15(c). CIFE may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself 
as principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons either CNH Industrial as Issuer or any of CNH Industrial’s Subsidiaries (as defined below). CNH Industrial has a right of substitution 
as set out in Condition 15(b). CNH Industrial may, at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and 
Coupons any of its Subsidiaries provided that CNH Industrial shall guarantee the obligations of such Subsidiary. The relevant Subsidiary (failing which, CNH Industrial) shall indemnify 
each Noteholder and Couponholder against any adverse tax consequences of such a substitution. For further details regarding these rights of substitution, see Condition 15. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors” herein. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”).  The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”). Application 
has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market. References in the Base Prospectus to “Euronext Dublin” (and all related 
references) shall mean the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. In addition, references in the Base Prospectus to the Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on its regulated market or, as the case may be, a MiFID Regulated Market (as defined 
below). The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II (each such regulated market being a “MiFID Regulated Market”). This document may 
be used to list Notes on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin pursuant to the Programme. The Programme provides for Notes to be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as 
may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. Each Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from 
time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, subject to increase as provided herein). The Notes will be issued in 
such denominations (each, a “Specified Denomination”) as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant specified currency indicated in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) (the “Specified Currency”) and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating in a Relevant State and/or offered to the public in a Relevant State in circumstances which otherwise require the publication 
of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in final terms (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on 
Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of the Final Terms relating to Notes which are listed on Euronext 
Dublin or offered in circumstances which require a prospectus to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will be available free of charge, at the registered office of CIFE, at the 
principal office of CNH Industrial and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), as well as on CNH Industrial’s website 
at http://www.cnhindustrial.com/en-US/Pages/HomePage.aspx. CNH Industrial’s website and its content (except for any documents available at the links mentioned herein to the extent 
incorporated by reference herein) do not form part of the Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation 
in such jurisdiction. The distribution of the Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not 
represent that the Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, the Notes and any Guarantee 
thereof have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and are subject to United States tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons. 
 
Amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) or the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Market Institute (as administrator of 
EURIBOR) is included on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”).  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA) and the New York Federal 
Reserve (as administrator of SOFR) are not included on the register of administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as each of CNH 
Industrial and CIFE is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA) and The New 
York Federal Reserve (as administrator of SOFR) are not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union (the “EU”), recognition,

--- Page 2 ---
endorsement or equivalence). The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record, and, save where required by applicable law, the 
Issuers do not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of any administrator. 
 
Arrangers 
  BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Dealers 
 
BBVA 
BofA Securities 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank  
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo  
Mediobanca 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
Rabobank 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mizuho Securities 
MUFG 
NatWest Markets 
RBC Capital Markets 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Wells Fargo Securities 
 
 
The date of the Base Prospectus is April 7, 2022

--- Page 3 ---
-i- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to 
each Issuer. 
CNH Industrial, in its capacity as an Issuer, accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document, 
with the exception of any information in respect of CIFE. To the best of the knowledge of CNH Industrial, the 
information contained in this document in respect of which it accepts responsibility is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the importance of such information. 
CIFE accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document, with the exception of any information 
in respect of CNH Industrial when CNH Industrial is acting as an Issuer. To the best of the knowledge of CIFE, 
the information contained in this document in respect of which it accepts responsibility is in accordance with the 
facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the importance of such information.  
CNH Industrial, in its capacity as Guarantor, accepts responsibility only for the information contained in this 
document relating to itself and to the Guarantee (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). To the 
best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, the information contained in those parts of this document relating to itself 
and to the Guarantee is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the importance of 
such information. 
The Notes and any Guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities law of any U.S. state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered, sold or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)), unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act 
or are sold pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act or such state securities laws. The Notes may be offered and sold outside the United States to non-
U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. See “Form of the Notes” for a description of the manner in which the 
Notes will be issued. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Copies of the Final Terms will be available at the registered office of CIFE, at the principal office of CNH 
Industrial, and the specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor has confirmed to the Dealers that the statements contained in the Base 
Prospectus (including all documents that are incorporated by reference herein – see “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”) relating (in the case of each Issuer) to such Issuer and (in the case of the Guarantor) to the Guarantor 
and the Guarantee are in every material respect true and accurate and not misleading; any opinions, predictions or 
intentions expressed in the Base Prospectus on the part of any Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; the Base Prospectus does not omit to state 
any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in such context) not 
misleading in any material respect; and all proper enquiries have been made to ascertain and to verify the foregoing. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the 
Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a 
“Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.

--- Page 4 ---
ii 
 
 
 
 
 
References in the Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended 
to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes.  References in the 
Base Prospectus to the “relevant Issuer” shall, in relation to an issue of Notes, be to the Issuer of such Notes. 
The Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). The Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of the Base Prospectus. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers 
nor by their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by any Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained in the Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by any Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this base 
Prospectus and none of them accepts any responsibility for any acts or omissions of any Issuer or the Guarantor 
or any other person in connection with any issue and offering of any Notes under the Programme.  
No person is or has been authorised by any Issuer or by the Guarantor to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with the Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by any Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or any other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by any Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of the Base Prospectus, or 
of any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes, should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor. 
In the absence of Final Terms, neither the Base Prospectus, nor any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of any of the Issuers, 
the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of the Base Prospectus, nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuers and/or the Guarantor is correct 
at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. Investors 
should review, inter alia, the most recently published audited annual financial statements and, if published later, 
the most recently published interim financial statements (if any) of the relevant Issuer and Guarantor when 
deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of the Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of any Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that the Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
In particular, no action has, to date, been taken by any Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers which would permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of the Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose 
is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither the Base Prospectus

--- Page 5 ---
iii 
 
 
 
 
 
nor any advertisement or any other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession the Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of the Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of the Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, Canada, 
Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, the PRC (as defined below), the United Kingdom, Switzerland and the European 
Economic Area, including Italy and the Netherlands. In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act and are subject to United States tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to or for the account or 
benefit of U.S. persons. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. 
None of the Dealers, the Issuers or the Guarantor makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding 
the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. 
Neither the Arrangers, the Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates make any representation as to the 
suitability of the Notes to fulfil environmental criteria required by any prospective investors. Neither the 
Arrangers, the Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any 
assessment of the Eligible Green Projects (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below), any verification of whether 
the Eligible Green Projects meet any eligibility criteria set out in the ICMA GBP (as defined below) or the 
monitoring of the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) or the allocation of the proceeds to particular Eligible 
Green Projects. 
Series of Notes (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
the Programme or Issuer. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The rating of certain Series of Notes 
to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009/EC (as 
amended, the “CRA Regulation”), will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, and subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of the CRA Regulation, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
credit rating for regulatory purposes if such credit rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which 
is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, United Kingdom (“UK”) regulated investors are required to 
use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (as amended, the “UK CRA Regulation”) unless (1) the rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the UK or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. This is subject, in each case, 
to (1) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (2) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
The Group is currently rated with the following corporate credit ratings: Baa2 with stable outlook by Moody’s 
Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”); BBB with stable outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”); 
and BBB+ with stable outlook by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”). 
For the purposes of the credit ratings included and referred to in this Base Prospectus, S&P is established in the 
EEA and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation (the 
“CRA List”). The CRA List is available on the ESMA website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) (last updated 24 March 2022). The ratings of S&P are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK

--- Page 6 ---
iv 
 
 
 
 
 
Limited (“S&P UK”), in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, for use in the UK. S&P UK is established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Fitch is established in the UK and is not included in the CRA List. Fitch is included in the list of credit ratings 
agencies registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (the “UK CRA List”). The UK CRA List is 
available on the FCA website (https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies) (last updated 23 February 
2022). The ratings of Fitch are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch Ireland”), in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation, for use in the EEA. Fitch Ireland is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.  
Moody’s is established in the United States and is not included in the CRA List or the UK CRA List. The ratings 
of Moody’s are endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s Germany”) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation, for use in the EEA. Moody’s Germany is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. The ratings of Moody’s are endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd (“Moody’s UK”), in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, for use in the UK. Moody’s UK is established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies different 
from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes may be complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential 
investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM

--- Page 7 ---
v 
 
 
 
 
 
This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United 
Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies, and other persons to 
whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons 
together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The Notes are only available to, and any invitation, offer or 
agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes will be engaged in only with, relevant persons.  
Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes

--- Page 8 ---
vi 
 
 
 
 
 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act  2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 
309A(1) of the SFA), that all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products). 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF ONTARIO 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any 
applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a 
non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the 
Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts 
of interest in connection with an offering of Notes.

--- Page 9 ---
vii 
 
 
 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Certain Defined Terms  
In this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
references to “CNH Industrial” or the “Company” are to CNH Industrial N.V.; 
(b) 
references to the “CNH Industrial Group” and the “Group” are to the group consisting of CNH 
Industrial and its direct and indirect subsidiaries; 
(c) 
references to the “Demerger” are to the separation of the Iveco Group Business from CNH Industrial 
N.V. that took effect on January 1, 2022 in accordance with Section 2:334a (3) of the Dutch Civil 
Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek) by way of a legal statutory demerger (juridische afsplitsing) to Iveco 
Group N.V.; 
(d) 
references to “CNH Industrial Pre-Demerger” or "CNHI Pre-Demerger" are to CNH Industrial Group 
prior to the Demerger;  
(e) 
references to “Post-Demerger” or "CNHI Post-Demerger" or “CNH Industrial Group Business Post-
Demerger”  are to CNH Industrial Group after the Demerger;  
(f) 
references to “Iveco Group” are to Iveco Group N.V.; 
(g) 
references to “Iveco” are to Iveco S.p.A. which, following the Demerger, is now part of the Iveco 
Group; 
(h) 
references to the “CNH Industrial Group Business” following the Demerger are to the Agriculture 
business, the Construction business, and the related CNH Industrial Financial Services business; 
(i) 
references to the “Iveco Group Business” are to the Commercial and Specialty Vehicles business, the 
Powertrain business, and the related Iveco Group Financial Services business;   
(j) 
references to “Industrial Activities” prior to the Demerger are to the operations carried out by the four 
industrial segments, Agriculture, Construction, Commercial and Specialty Vehicles and Powertrain, 
as well as corporate functions; 
(k) 
references to “Industrial Activities” after the Demerger are to the operations carried out by the two 
industrial segments, Agriculture and Construction as well as corporate functions; 
(l) 
references to “Agriculture” are to the business segment operating in the agricultural equipment 
business; 
(m) 
references to “Construction” are to the business segment operating in the construction equipment 
business; 
(n) 
references to “Commercial and Specialty Vehicles” are to the business segment operating in the 
commercial and specialty vehicles business; 
(o) 
references to “Powertrain” are to the business segment operating in the powertrain components 
business; 
(p) 
references to “Financial Services” are to the business segment operating in the financial services 
business, unless otherwise specified. Following the Demerger, the European operations of CNH 
Industrial Financial Services will be separated as follows: the receivable portfolios related to the 
captive activity of each group (CNH Industrial and Iveco Group), together with the related funding,

--- Page 10 ---
viii 
 
 
 
 
 
will be attributed to each group, while the servicing of these separated portfolios will be performed 
by Iveco Group’s Financial Services segment. CNH Industrial will provide financial services to Iveco 
Group companies in the rest of the world;  
(q) 
references to the “Annual Report 2021” are to the annual report at December 31, 2021 of the CNH 
Industrial Group prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union (“EU-IFRS”) 
and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code;  
(r) 
references to the “Annual Report 2020” are to the annual report at December 31, 2020 of the CNH 
Industrial Group prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union (“EU-IFRS”) 
and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code;  
(s) 
references to (i) “North America” means the United States, Canada and Mexico; (ii) “Europe” means 
the member countries of the European Union, European Free Trade Association, the United Kingdom, 
Ukraine and Balkans; (iii) “South America” means Central and South America and the Caribbean 
Islands; and (iv) “Rest of World” means Continental Asia (including Turkey and Russia), Oceania 
and member countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States, and the African continent and 
Middle East; and 
(t) 
references to “IFRS” are to the International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board, including all interpretations issued by the IFRS 
Interpretations Committee. 
Presentation of Financial Information 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the CNH Industrial Group as of and for the financial years ended 
December 31, 2021 and 2020 (the “Consolidated Financial Statements”), which are incorporated by reference 
herein, have been prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. For 
additional information on such accounting policies, please see section “Significant accounting policies” set forth 
in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
During 2021, CNH Industrial completed a strategic project to separate the Commercial and Specialty Vehicles 
business, the Powertrain business, and the related Financial Services business (together, the “Iveco Group 
Business”) from the Agriculture business, the Construction business, and the related Financial Services business. 
The Iveco Group Business was separated from CNH Industrial N.V. in accordance with Section 2:334a (3) of the 
Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek) by way of a legal statutory demerger (juridische afsplitsing) to Iveco 
Group N.V., effective January 1, 2022.  
As the Demerger took effect on January 1, 2022, the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
December 31, 2021 relate to CNH Industrial Pre-Demerger. Moreover, in accordance with IFRS 5 – Non-current 
Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations, as the Demerger became highly probable in December, the 
Iveco Group Business is classified and presented as Discontinued Operations in these consolidated financial 
statements. That presentation has resulted in the following: 
 
 
for both financial years 2021 and 2020 (the latter presented for comparative purposes), the operating 
results of the Iveco Group Business are presented in a single line item “Profit/(Loss) from Discontinued 
Operations, net of tax” within the Consolidated Income Statement; 
 
 
all assets and liabilities (excluding equity) relating to the Iveco Group Business at December 31, 2021 
are reclassified as Assets held for distribution and Liabilities held for distribution, respectively, within 
the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position; and 
 
 
for both financial years 2021 and 2020 (the latter presented for comparative purposes), the cash flows 
arising from the Iveco Group Business (as Discontinued Operations) are presented in the Consolidated 
Statement of Cash Flows as separate line items under cash flows from operating, investing and financing 
activities.

--- Page 11 ---
ix 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For additional detail of items presented under Discontinued Operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income, 
Financial Position and Cash Flows, refer to the section “Scope of Consolidation – Discontinued Operations – 
Iveco Group Business”, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.  
 
Additionally, as the Demerger is a “business combination involving entities or businesses under common control”, 
it is outside the scope of application of IFRS 3 – Business Combinations and IFRIC 17 – Distributions of Non-cash 
Assets to Owners. Accordingly, in the 2022 consolidated financial statements for the CNH Industrial Group and 
the Iveco Group, the opening position for items in the statement of financial position will be equivalent to the 
carrying amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements of CNH Industrial Pre-Demerger. 
 
The audited company financial statements of CNH Industrial as of and for the financial years ended December 
31, 2021 and 2020 (the “Company Financial Statements”), which are incorporated by reference herein, have 
been prepared in accordance with the legal requirements of Part 9, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. Section 362(8), 
Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code allows companies that apply EU-IFRS in their consolidated financial statements 
to use the same measurement principles in their company financial statements. For additional information on such 
accounting policies, please see section “Significant accounting policies” set forth in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
CIFE’s audited statutory financial statements as of and for the financial years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
(the “CIFE Financial Statements”) are incorporated by reference herein, as described under “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”. 
All references in the Base Prospectus to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to the currency of the United States 
of America, references to “Sterling” and “£” refer to the currency of the United Kingdom and references to “euro” 
and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to the “PRC” refer to the People’s Republic of China which, for the purposes 
of this Base Prospectus, shall exclude the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of 
China (“Hong Kong”), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (“Macau”) 
and Taiwan. 
In this Base Prospectus references to “CMU Notes” refer to Notes denominated in any lawful currency which the 
Central Moneymarkets Unit Service (the “CMU Service”) operated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the 
“HKMA”) accepts for settlement from time to time that are, or are intended to be, cleared through the CMU 
Service. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
Alternative Performance Measures (or “Non-GAAP Financial Measures”) 
The Group monitors its operations through the use of several non-GAAP financial measures. The Group’s 
management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful and relevant information regarding 
the Group’s operating results and enhance the reader’s ability to assess the Group’s financial performance and 
financial position. Management uses these non-GAAP measures to identify operational trends, as well as to make 
decisions regarding future spending, resource allocations and other operational decisions as they provide 
additional transparency with respect to the Group’s core operations. These non-GAAP financial measures have 
no standardised meaning under EU-IFRS or U.S. GAAP and are unlikely to be comparable to other similarly titled 
measures used by other companies and are not intended to be substitutes for measures of financial performance 
and financial position as prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS or U.S. GAAP. 
As of December 31, 2021, the Group’s non-GAAP financial measures are defined as follows:

--- Page 12 ---
x 
 
 
 
 
 
• Adjusted EBIT of Industrial Activities under EU-IFRS: is defined as profit/(loss) before taxes, Financial 
Services’ results, Industrial Activities’ financial expenses, restructuring costs, and certain non-recurring 
items. In particular, non-recurring items are specifically disclosed items that management considers rare or 
discrete events that are infrequent in nature and not reflective of on-going operational activities. 
• Adjusted EBIT of Industrial Activities under U.S. GAAP: is derived from financial information prepared in 
accordance with U.S. GAAP and is defined as net income (loss) before income taxes, Financial Services’ 
results, Industrial Activities’ interests expenses ,net, foreign exchange gains/losses, finance and non-service 
component of pension and other post-employment benefit costs, restructuring expenses, and certain non-
recurring items. 
• Adjusted Diluted EPS under U.S. GAAP: is derived from financial information prepared in accordance with 
U.S. GAAP and is computed by dividing Adjusted Net Income (loss) attributable to CNH Industrial N.V. by 
a weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period that takes into consideration 
potential common shares outstanding deriving from the CNH Industrial share-based payment awards, when 
inclusion is not anti-dilutive. When guidance for adjusted diluted EPS is provided, the Group does not 
provide guidance on an earnings per share basis because the GAAP measure will include potentially 
significant items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-
end. 
• Net Cash (Debt) and Net Cash (Debt) of Industrial Activities under EU-IFRS: Net Cash (Debt) is defined as 
total Debt plus Derivative liabilities, net of Cash and cash equivalents, Current securities, Derivative assets 
and other current financial assets (primarily current securities, short-term deposits and investments towards 
high-credit rating counterparties). The Group provides the reconciliation of Net Cash (Debt) to Total (Debt), 
which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure included in the consolidated statement of 
financial position in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Due to different sources of cash flows used for 
the repayment of the debt between Industrial Activities and Financial Services (by cash from operations for 
Industrial Activities and by collection of financing receivables for Financial Services), management 
separately evaluates the cash flow performance of Industrial Activities using Net Cash (Debt) of Industrial 
Activities. 
• Net Cash (Debt) and Net Cash (Debt) of Industrial Activities under U.S. GAAP: are derived from financial 
information prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Net Cash (Debt) under U.S. GAAP is defined as total 
debt less intersegment notes receivable, cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, other current financial 
assets (primarily current securities, short-term deposits and investments towards high-credit rating 
counterparties) and derivative hedging debt. 
• Free Cash Flow of Industrial Activities (or Industrial Free Cash Flow) under EU-IFRS: refers to Industrial 
Activities, only, and is computed as consolidated cash flow from operating activities less: cash flow from 
operating activities of Financial Services; investments of Industrial Activities in property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets; as well as other changes and intersegment eliminations. 
• Free Cash Flow of Industrial Activities (or Industrial Free Cash Flow) under U.S. GAAP: refers to Industrial 
Activities, only, and is computed as consolidated cash flow from operating activities less: cash flow from 
operating activities of Financial Services; investments of Industrial Activities in assets sold under buy-back 
commitments, assets under operating leases, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets; change in 
derivatives hedging debt of Industrial Activities; as well as other changes and intersegment eliminations. 
• Available Liquidity under IFRS: is defined as cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash), undrawn 
committed facilities and other current financial assets (primarily current securities, short-term deposits and 
investments towards high-credit rating counterparties). 
• Change excl. FX or Constant Currency: the Group discusses the fluctuations in revenues on a constant 
currency basis by applying the prior year average exchange rates to current year’s revenues expressed in 
local currency in order to eliminate the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations.

--- Page 13 ---
xi 
 
 
 
 
 
The reconciliation of Adjusted EBIT of Industrial Activities, a non-GAAP financial measure, to consolidated 
profit/(loss), the most comparable EU-IFRS financial measure, for 2021 and 2020 is shown below. 
 
 
 
2021 
 
Agriculture  Construction  
Commercial and 
Specialty Vehicles 
Powertrain 
Unallocated items, 
elimination and other 
Total 
($ million) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Profit/(loss) 
 
 
 
 
 
1,777 
Less: Consolidated Income tax 
benefit (expense) 
 
 
 
 
 
(358) 
Consolidated Profit (loss) 
before taxes 
 
 
 
 
 
2,135 
Less: Financial Services 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Services Net Income 
 
 
 
 
 
428 
Financial Services Income taxes 
 
 
 
 
 
122 
Add back of the following 
Industrial Activities items: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial expenses 
 
 
 
 
 
287 
Adjustments for the following 
Industrial Activities items: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Restructuring costs 
20 
16 
40 
2 
- 
78 
Other discrete items(1) 
- 
- 
(22) 
- 
158 
136 
Adjusted EBIT of Industrial 
Activities 
1,794 
83 
300 
246 
(337)  
2,086 
____________ 
(1) 
This item includes the pre- and after-tax gain of $9 million from the sale of the 30.1% interest in Naveco, as well as the positive 
impact of $13 million from the sale of investments by a joint venture accounted for under the equity method, presented in column 
“Commercial and Specialty Vehicles”. This item also includes a gain of $97 million related to the 2021 healthcare plan amendment 
in the U.S., $185 million separation and transaction costs in connection with the Demerger, a charge of $57 million for transaction 
costs related to the acquisition of Raven Industries, Inc., as well as a gain of $12 million for a fair value adjustment of Monarch 
Tractor investment and a loss of $25 million due to the valuation at their recoverable amount of certain assets classified as held for 
sale. 
 
 
2020 
 
Agriculture Construction  
Commercial and 
Specialty Vehicles 
Powertrain 
Unallocated items, 
elimination and other 
Total 
($ million) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Profit/(loss) 
 
 
 
 
 
(695) 
Less: Consolidated Income tax 
benefit (expense) 
 
 
 
 
 
55 
Consolidated Profit (loss) 
before taxes 
 
 
 
 
 
(750) 
Less: Financial Services 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Services Net Income 
 
 
 
 
 
288 
Financial Services Income taxes 
 
 
 
 
 
94 
Add back of the following 
Industrial Activities items: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial expenses  
 
 
 
 
 
289 
Adjustments for the following 
Industrial Activities items: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Restructuring costs 
13 
6 
21 
16 
- 
56 
Goodwill impairment loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
576 
576 
Other discrete items(1) 
248 
62 
309 
- 
8 
627 
Adjusted EBIT of Industrial 
Activities 
856 
(193) 
(169) 
223 
(301) 
416

--- Page 14 ---
xii 
 
 
 
 
 
___________ 
(1) 
This item primarily includes impairment of intangible and other long-lived assets, as well assets optimisation charges, and the 
negative impact from the costs recognised by a Chinese joint venture, accounted for under the equity method, for valuation 
allowances against deferred tax assets and restructuring actions.

--- Page 15 ---
xiii 
 
 
 
 
 
The calculation of Net Cash (Debt) as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 and the reconciliation of Total (Debt), the 
EU-IFRS financial measure that the Group believes to be most directly comparable, to Net Cash (Debt), for CNH 
Industrial Pre-Demerger are shown below: 
 
At December 31, 
 
2021 
2020 
 
Consolidated 
Industrial 
Activities 
Financial 
Services Consolidated 
Industrial 
Activities 
Financial 
Services 
($ million) .................................... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Third party debt ............................ 
(24,255) 
(5,830) 
(18,425) 
(26,618) 
(7,780) 
(18,838) 
Intersegment notes payable .......... 
- 
(798) 
(1,084) 
- 
(1,018) 
(884) 
Total Debt(1) ................................ 
(24,255) 
(6,628) 
(19,509) 
(26,618) 
(8,798) 
(19,722) 
Less: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ............ 
6,862 
5,336 
1,526 
9,629 
8,116 
1,513 
Intersegment notes  
receivable ..................................... 
- 
1,084 
798 
- 
884 
1,018 
Net Derivative assets 
(liabilities)(2) ................................. 
10 
(25) 
35 
21 
1 
20 
Other current financial  
assets(3) ......................................... 
63 
63 
- 
94 
94 
- 
Net Cash (Debt)(4) ....................... 
(17,320) 
(170) 
(17,150) 
(16,874) 
297 
(17,171)  
 
____________ 
(1) 
As a result of the role played by the Company’s treasury function, debt for Industrial Activities also includes funding raised by the 
Company’s treasury function on behalf of Financial Services (included under Intersegment financial receivables). Intersegment 
notes receivable for Financial Services, on the other hand, represent loans or advances to Industrial Activities – for receivables sold 
to Financial Services that do not meet the derecognition requirements – as well as cash deposited temporarily with the central 
treasury. Total (Debt) of Industrial Activities includes Intersegment notes payable to Financial Services of $798 million and $1,018 
million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total Debt of Financial Services includes Intersegment notes payable to 
Industrial Activities of $1,084 million and $884 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
(2) 
Net Derivative assets (liabilities) include the net positive and negative fair values of derivative financial instruments. 
(3) 
This item includes short-term deposits and investments towards high-credit rating counterparties. 
(4) 
The net intersegment receivable/(payable) balance recorded by Financial Services relating to Industrial Activities was $-286 million 
and $134 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
The following table shows the change in Net Cash (Debt) of Industrial Activities for 2021 and 2020: 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2020 
 
CNHI Pre-
Demerger 
Continuing 
Operations 
Discontinued 
Operations 
CNHI Pre-
Demerger 
Continuing 
Operations 
Discontinued 
Operations 
($ million) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Cash (Debt) of Industrial 
Activities at beginning of period ........  
297 
(1,132) 
1,429 
(1,403) 
(2,866) 
1,463 
Adjusted EBIT of Industrial 
Activities ...........................................  
2,086 
1,729 
357 
416 
517 
(101) 
Depreciation and amortization ..........  
1,204 
536 
668 
1,213 
553 
660 
Depreciation of assets under 
operating leases and assets sold with 
buy-back commitments .....................  
271 
3 
268 
284 
2 
282 
Cash interest and taxes ......................  
(559) 
(376) 
(183) 
(233) 
(144) 
(89) 
Changes in provisions and similar(1) .  
302 
490 
(188) 
(255) 
144 
(399) 
Change in working capital ................  
(173) 
185 
(358) 
1,726 
1,500 
226 
Operating cash flow of Industrial 
Activities ..............................................  
3,131 
2,567 
564 
3,151 
2,572 
579 
Investments in property, plant and 
equipment, and intangible assets(2) ....  
(1,180) 
(515) 
(665) 
(845) 
(387) 
(458) 
Other changes ...................................  
(181) 
(134) 
(47) 
(273) 
(17) 
(256) 
Free Cash Flow of Industrial 
Activities ..............................................  
1,770 
1,918 
(148) 
2,033 
2,168 
(135)

--- Page 16 ---
xiv 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2020 
 
CNHI Pre-
Demerger 
Continuing 
Operations 
Discontinued 
Operations 
CNHI Pre-
Demerger 
Continuing 
Operations 
Discontinued 
Operations 
($ million) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital increases and dividends(3) .....  
(188) 
(188) 
— 
(8) 
(8) 
— 
Currency translation differences and 
other(3) ...............................................  
(2,049) 
(1,972) 
(77) 
(325) 
(426) 
101 
Change in Net Cash (Debt) of 
Industrial Activities ............................  
(467) 
(242) 
(225) 
1,700 
1,734 
(34) 
Net Cash (Debt) of Industrial 
Activities at end of year ......................  
(170) 
(1,374) 
1,204 
297 
(1,132) 
1,429 
 
____________ 
(1) 
Including other cash flow items related to operating lease and buy-back activities. 
(2) 
Excluding assets sold under buy-back commitments and assets under operating leases. 
(3) 
In the year ended December 31, 2021, this item also includes the cash out of $2,246 million for the acquisition of the 100% interest 
in Raven Industries, Inc., and $86 million for the acquisition of the 90% interest in Sampierana, as well as the charge of $8 million 
related to the repurchase of Notes. 
 
 
The reconciliation of Free Cash Flow of Industrial Activities to Net cash provided by (used in) Operating 
Activities, the EU-IFRS financial measure that the Group believes to be most directly comparable, for the years 
ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, is shown below: 
 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2020 
($ million) 
CNHI Pre-
Demerger 
Continuing 
Operations 
Discontinued 
Operations 
CNHI Pre-
Demerger 
Continuing 
Operations 
Discontinued 
Operations 
Net cash provided by (used in) 
Operating Activities ............................  
3,313 
2,675 
638 
3,478 
2,841 
637 
Less: Cash flows from Operating 
Activities of Financial Services net 
of eliminations and other ..................  
(182) 
(108) 
(74) 
(327) 
(269) 
(58) 
Operating cash flow of Industrial 
Activities ..............................................  
3,131 
2,567 
564 
3,151 
2,572 
579 
Investments in property, plant and 
equipment, and intangible assets of 
Industrial Activities ..........................  
(1,180) 
(515) 
(665) 
(845) 
(387) 
(458) 
Other changes(1) ................................  
(181) 
(134) 
(47) 
(273) 
(17) 
(256) 
Free Cash Flow of Industrial 
Activities ..............................................  
1,770 
1,918 
(148) 
2,033 
2,168 
(135) 
____________________ 
. 
(1) 
This item primarily includes change in intersegment financial receivables and capital increases in intersegment 
investments.

--- Page 17 ---
xv 
 
 
 
 
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the Group and its activities. Forward-
looking statements, including those relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, are not guarantees of future performance. 
Rather, they are based on current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and 
other factors, many of which are outside of the Group’s control and are difficult to predict. If any of these risks 
and uncertainties materialise or other assumptions underlying any of the forward-looking statements prove to be 
incorrect, the actual results or developments may differ materially from any future results or developments 
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Although each Issuer and the Guarantor believes the 
expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 18 ---
xvi 
 
 
 
 
 
Factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the 
forward-looking statements include, among others: the continued uncertainties related to the unknown duration 
and economic, operational and financial impacts of the global COVID-19 pandemic and the actions taken or 
contemplated by governmental authorities or others in connection with the pandemic on the Group’s business, 
employees, customers and suppliers; supply chain disruptions, including delays caused by mandated shutdowns, 
industry capacity complaints, material availability and global logistics delays and constraints; disruption caused 
by business responses to COVID-19, including remote working arrangements, which may create increased 
vulnerability to cybersecurity or data privacy incidents; the Group’s ability to execute business continuity plans 
as a result of COVID-19; the many interrelated factors that affect consumer confidence and worldwide demand 
for capital goods and capital goods-related products, including demand uncertainty caused by COVID-19; general 
economic conditions in each of the markets within which the Group operates, including the significant economic 
uncertainty and volatility caused by COVID-19; travel bans, border closures, other free movement restrictions, 
and the introduction of social distancing measures in the Group’s facilities may affect in the future the Group’s 
ability to operate as well as the ability of its suppliers and distributors to operate; changes in government policies 
regarding banking, monetary and fiscal policy; legislation, particularly pertaining to capital goods-related issues 
such as agriculture, the environment, debt relief and subsidy program policies, trade and commerce and 
infrastructure development; government policies on international trade and investment, including sanctions, 
import quotas, capital controls and tariffs; volatility in international trade caused by the imposition of tariffs, 
sanctions, embargoes, and trade wars; actions of competitors in the various industries in which the Group 
competes; development and use of new technologies and technological difficulties; the interpretation of, or 
adoption of new, compliance requirements with respect to engine emissions, safety or other aspects of the Group’s 
products; production difficulties, including capacity and supply constraints and excess inventory levels; labour 
relations; interest rates and currency exchange rates; inflation and deflation; energy prices; prices for agricultural 
commodities; housing starts and other construction activity; the Group’s ability to obtain financing or to refinance 
existing debt; price pressure on new and used vehicles; the resolution of pending litigation and investigations on 
a wide range of topics, including dealer and supplier litigation, follow-on private litigation in various jurisdictions 
after the settlement of the EU antitrust investigation of the Iveco Group announced on July 19, 2016, intellectual 
property rights disputes, product warranty and defective product claims, and emissions and/or fuel economy 
regulatory and contractual issues; security breaches, cybersecurity attacks, technology failures, and other 
disruptions to the information technology infrastructure of CNH Industrial and its suppliers and dealers; security 
breaches with respect to the Group’s products; the Company’s pension plans and other post-employment 
obligations; further impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group’s operations, supply chains, distribution 
network, as well as any negative evolutions of the economic and financial conditions at global and regional levels; 
political and civil unrest; volatility and deterioration of capital and financial markets, including other pandemics, 
terrorist attacks in Europe and elsewhere, the Group’s ability to realise the anticipated benefits from its business 
initiatives as part of its strategic plan; the Group’s failure to realise, or a delay in realising, all of the anticipated 
benefits of its acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances or divestitures and other similar risks and 
uncertainties, and the Group’s success in managing the risks involved in the foregoing. Forward-looking 
statements are based upon assumptions relating to the factors described in this Base Prospectus, which are 
sometimes based upon estimates and data received from third parties. Such estimates and data are often revised. 
The Group’s actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of 
risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside the Group’s control. The Group expressly disclaims any 
intention or obligation to provide, update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in 
expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are 
based. 
Additional factors which could cause actual results and developments to differ from those expressed or implied 
by the forward-looking statements are included in the section “Risk Factors” of this Base Prospectus. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of

--- Page 19 ---
xvii 
 
 
 
 
 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 20 ---
xviii 
 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................... 6 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 29 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................................... 32 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................... 35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 52 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 106 
CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. .................................................................................................................................. 108 
CNH INDUSTRIAL FINANCE EUROPE S.A. ................................................................................................ 115 
THE CNH INDUSTRIAL GROUP .................................................................................................................... 116 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 127 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 141 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 148

--- Page 21 ---
-1- 
 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description must be read as an introduction to the Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in any 
Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents 
incorporated by reference therein. The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken 
from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where applicable) and any relevant Dealer may agree that the Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a 
Base Prospectus supplement will be published. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the 
same meanings in this general description. 
Issuers: 
CNH Industrial N.V. 
CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”):  
                  CNH Industrial: 
549300WGC2HZ5J67V817 
CIFE: 
5493007GVB1I2FDSS786 
Guarantor, in respect of 
Guaranteed Notes: 
CNH Industrial N.V. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the ability of each of the Issuers to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. There are 
also certain factors that may affect the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Guarantee, where applicable. In addition, there are 
certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme, including the risk that the 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors as well as certain 
risks relating to the structure of particular Series of Notes and certain other 
market risks. See “Risk Factors” below. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Dealers: 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Barclays Bank PLC 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
ING Bank N.V.

--- Page 22 ---
-2- 
 
 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE  
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mizuho International plc 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
RBC Europe Limited 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Wells Fargo Securities International Limited 
Wells Fargo Securities Europe, S.A. 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement (as defined in “Subscription and Sale”). 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
“Subscription and Sale”) including the following restriction applicable at the 
date of the Base Prospectus: 
Notes issued on terms such that they must be redeemed before their first 
anniversary will, if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and 
have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent (see “Subscription 
and Sale”). 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
CMU Lodging and Paying 
Agent: 
Citicorp International Limited. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuers 
and the Guarantor may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued only on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is 
at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the Notes”.

--- Page 23 ---
-3- 
 
 
 
 
Clearing Systems: 
With respect to Notes (other than CMU Notes), Clearstream and/or Euroclear 
and any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. With respect to CMU Notes, the CMU Service operated by the 
HKMA. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction (as defined in the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”) as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series), or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable 
on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated based on such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Benchmark Event 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Independent 
Adviser determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, 
in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any Benchmark 
Amendments. See Condition 4(c) (Interest – Benchmark Event). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot 
be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons as 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Redemption for Tax 
Reasons”, or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer and/or the Noteholders (as 
defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms 
as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Notes issued on terms such that they must be redeemed before their first 
anniversary may be subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution.  See “Certain Restrictions” above.

--- Page 24 ---
-4- 
 
 
 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, save that the minimum denomination 
of each Note will be such as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the EEA will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or 
on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Relevant Tax Jurisdiction, 
subject to Condition 7. In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (with respect to the Guaranteed Notes) will, 
save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 7, be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Change of Control: 
If a Change of Control occurs, except in certain circumstances, the relevant 
Issuer will be required to offer to repurchase the Notes at a purchase price 
equal to 101 percent of their aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and 
unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 3. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 9. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes and any related Coupons (each term as defined under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the 
relevant Issuer and (subject as aforesaid) rank and will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, with all other present and future 
outstanding unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer 
(subject to mandatorily preferred obligations under applicable laws).  
Guarantee: 
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Guaranteed Notes and 
any related Coupons has been irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by 
the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee. The obligations of the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and (subject as aforesaid) rank and will rank pari passu (subject to 
mandatorily preferred obligations under applicable laws) with all other 
present and future outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Guarantor. 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated 
market. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to 
trading on any market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to 
be listed or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law.

--- Page 25 ---
-5- 
 
 
 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the United 
States, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, Belgium, the PRC, the UK, 
Switzerland and the EEA (including the Netherlands and Italy for which there 
are specific restrictions additional to the EEA restrictions) and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes.  In particular, the Notes and any Guarantee 
thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons. 
See “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United 
States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder.

--- Page 26 ---
-6- 
 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
In addition, factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of any Issuer or the Guarantor to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may 
not be considered significant risks by the Issuers and the Guarantor based on information currently available to 
them or reasons which they may not currently be able to anticipate and none of the Issuers or the Guarantor 
represents that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in the Base Prospectus and reach their own 
views prior to making any investment decision. 
Factors that may affect the ability of the Issuers and the Guarantors to fulfil their obligations 
under the Notes 
COVID-19 Risks 
The COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and/or liquidity 
COVID-19 was first identified in late 2019, spread globally and was declared a global pandemic by the World 
Health Organization in March 2020. Efforts to combat the virus have been complicated by viral variants and 
uneven access to, and acceptance and effectiveness of, vaccines globally. The global spread of the virus led 
governments around the world to implement numerous measures to contain the virus, such as travel bans, 
mandated shutdowns, border closures and other restrictions on the free movement of people and goods. These 
measures have impacted, and may further impact, the Group’s future ability to operate as well as the ability of its 
suppliers and distributors to operate. Any future closing of manufacturing facilities due to government mandates, 
insufficient staffing, weaker demand, or supply constraints, or similar limitations or restrictions for the Group’s 
suppliers, or the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group’s ability to execute business continuity plans, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position, results of operations, and/or 
liquidity.  
Disruption caused by business responses to the COVID-19 pandemic, including remote working arrangements, 
may create increased vulnerability to cybersecurity or data privacy incidents, including breaches of information 
technology and systems. Risks related to information technology and systems are further described in the risk 
factor entitled “A cybersecurity breach could interfere with the Group’s operations, compromise confidential 
information, negatively impact the Group’s corporate reputation and expose the Group to liability”. 
From an economic perspective, COVID-19 initially led to a global recession and there is no certainty that the 
economies in which the Group operates will experience sustained economic recovery. The COVID-19 pandemic 
has also significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty and has led to disruptions in the Group’s supply 
chain, higher raw materials pricing and volatility in demand for the Group’s products and in global capital markets. 
The COVID-19 pandemic may materially adversely impact many of the Group’s customers, borrowers and other 
third parties and may affect their ability to fulfill their obligations to the Group in a timely manner. 
The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or liquidity will depend on the scale, duration, severity and geographic reach of future 
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including notably the possibility of  “further 
waves” of COVID-19 infections or the appearance of new variants of the virus. There have been instances of re-
imposed local lockdowns where infection rates have started to increase again and there is a risk that widespread 
measures such as strict social distancing and curtailing or ceasing normal business activities may be reintroduced

--- Page 27 ---
-7- 
 
 
 
 
in the future until effective treatments or vaccines have been deployed. In late 2021, in response to a rapid 
acceleration of infections, the governments of several European countries including France, Germany, Italy and 
the United Kingdom have started re-imposing increasingly stringent public health measures. Continued 
uncertainties and persistent effects also include: disruptions in the supply chain and a prolonged delay in 
resumption of operations by one or more key suppliers of the Group, or the failure of key suppliers; the Group’s 
ability to meet commitments to its customers on a timely basis as a result of increased costs and supply challenges; 
the ability of the Group to receive goods on a timely basis and at anticipated costs; increased logistics costs; delays 
in the Group’s strategic initiatives as a result of the uncertain environment; absence of employees due to illness; 
the impact of the pandemic on the Group’s customers and dealers, and delays in their plans to purchase new 
equipment; requests by customers or dealers of the Group for, or government mandated, payment deferrals and 
contract modifications; the impact of disruptions in the global capital markets and/or declines in the Group’s 
financial performance, outlook or credit ratings, which could impact the Group’s ability to obtain funding in the 
future; and the impact of the pandemic on demand for products and services of the Group as discussed above. In 
addition, the COVID-19 pandemic may exacerbate many of the other risks described in the section “Risk Factors” 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Strategic Risks  
Global economic conditions impact the Group’s businesses 
The Group’s results of operations and financial position are and will continue to be influenced by macroeconomic 
factors – including changes in gross domestic product, the level of consumer and business confidence, changes in 
interest rates, the availability of credit, inflation and deflation, energy prices, and the cost of commodities or other 
raw materials – which exist in the countries and regions in which the Group operates. Such macroeconomic factors 
vary from time to time and their effect on the Group’s results of operations and financial position cannot be 
specifically and singularly assessed and/or isolated.  
Economic conditions vary across regions and countries, and demand for the Group’s products and services 
generally increases in those regions and countries experiencing economic growth and investment. Slower 
economic growth or a change in global mix of regions and countries experiencing economic growth and 
investment could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
In a weaker economic environment, dealers and customers may delay or cancel plans to purchase the Group’s 
products and services and may not be able to fulfill their obligations to the Group’s in a timely fashion. The 
Group’s suppliers may also be impacted by economic pressures, which may adversely affect their ability to fulfill 
their obligations to the Group or the price availability of supplies the Group requires. These factors could result 
in product delays, increased accounts receivable, defaults and inventory challenges. In addition, demand for the 
Group’s products and services can be significantly impacted by concerns regarding the diverse economic and 
political circumstances in the European Union, the debt burden of several countries in the European Union, the 
risk that one or more European Union countries could come under increasing pressure to leave the European 
Union and the long-term stability of the euro as a single common currency. These concerns, along with persistent 
disparity with respect to the widely varying economic conditions amongst the individual countries of the European 
Union, and their implications for the euro as well as market perceptions concerning these and related issues, have 
led to further pressure on economic growth and may lead to new periods of economic volatility and recession in 
the European Union. Similarly, in Brazil and Argentina, macroeconomic conditions remain volatile. It is unclear 
what the macroeconomic effects will be of the economic stimulus actions taken by various countries in order to 
mitigate the adverse economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting increase in government debt. 
If there is continued deterioration in the global economy or the economies of key countries or regions, the demand 
for the Group’s products and services would likely decrease and the Group’s results of operations, financial 
position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.  
The Group is exposed to political, economic, trade and other risks beyond its control as a result of operating a 
global business 
The Group manufactures and sells products and offers services in several continents and numerous countries 
around the world including those experiencing varying degrees of political and economic instability. Given the 
global nature of the Group’s activities, the Group is exposed to risks associated with international business 
activities that may increase its costs, impact its ability to manufacture and sell its products and require significant

--- Page 28 ---
-8- 
 
 
 
 
management attention. These risks include: changes in laws, regulations and policies that affect, among other 
things, import and export duties and quotas, currency restrictions, the design, manufacture and sale of the Group’s 
products, including, for example, engine emissions regulations, interest rates and the availability of credit to the 
Group’s dealers and customers, property, contract rights and intellectual property, where, to whom, and what type 
of products may be sold, including new or additional trade or economic sanctions imposed by the U.S., EU or 
other governmental authorities and supranational organisations (e.g., the United Nations), and taxes; regulations 
from changing world organisation initiatives and agreements, changes in the dynamics of the industries and 
markets in which the Group operates, labour disruptions, disruption in the supply of raw materials and components 
(e.g. as a result of pandemics), including rare materials (the latter might be more easily the target of sudden cost 
increases due to a variety of factors, including speculative measures or unforeseen political changes), changes in 
governmental debt relief and subsidy programme policies in certain significant markets, including the Brazilian 
government discontinuing programmes subsidising interest rates on equipment loans, withdrawal from or changes 
to trade agreements or trade terms, negotiation of new trade agreements and the imposition of new (and retaliatory) 
tariffs on certain countries, or covering certain products or raw materials or embargoes, including developments 
in U.S. – China trade relations, and war, civil unrest and acts of terrorism. 
In recent years, acts of terrorism have occurred around the world, leading to personal safety anxieties and political 
instability in many countries and, ultimately, an impact on consumers’ confidence. More recently, growing 
populist and nationalist political movements in several major developed countries, changes in or uncertainty 
surrounding global trade policies and other unanticipated changes to the previous geopolitical order may have 
negative effects on the global economy. 
Further, escalating tensions between Russia and Ukraine and massive military actions between Russia and Ukraine 
could adversely impact macroeconomic conditions, give rise to regional instability and result in heightened 
economic sanctions from the U.S., EU, and UK which may adversely affect the Group and its business in Russia, 
Ukraine and potentially elsewhere in Eastern Europe, including possible restrictions on the Group’s ability to do 
business with certain vendors or suppliers as well as the ability to repatriate funds from the region. The Group has 
conducted business in jurisdictions that may be subject to trade or economic sanction regimes and such sanctions 
could be expanded. If the Group fails to comply with sanction regimes or other similar laws or regulations it could 
be subject to damages and potentially other financial penalties, suspension of licenses, or a cessation of operations 
at the Group’s businesses, as well as damage to its brands’ images and reputations. 
There can be no guarantee that the Group will be able to quickly and completely adapt its business model to 
changes that could result from the foregoing, and any such changes may have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Reduced demand for equipment would reduce the Group’s sales and profitability 
The agricultural equipment market is influenced by factors such as the price of agricultural commodities and the 
ability to competitively export agricultural commodities, the profitability of agricultural enterprises, farmers’ 
income and their capitalisation, the demand for food products, the availability of stocks from previous harvests, 
and agricultural policies including aid and subsidies to agricultural enterprises provided by governments and/or 
supranational organisations, policies impacting commodity prices or limiting the export or import of commodities, 
and alternative fuel mandates. In addition, droughts, floods and other unfavourable climatic conditions, especially 
during the spring, a particularly important period for generating sales orders, could have a negative impact on 
decisions to buy agricultural equipment and, consequently, on the Group’s revenues. 
The construction equipment market is influenced by factors such as public infrastructure spending, new residential 
and non-residential construction, and capital spending in oil and gas and, to a lesser extent, in mining. 
The above factors can significantly influence the demand for agricultural and construction equipment, and 
consequently, the Group’s financial results. Additionally, demand for the Group’s products is influenced by 
engine emissions and other applicable legal requirements, as well as the effective date of such requirements. If 
demand for the Group’s products is less than the Group expects, it may experience excess inventories and be 
forced to incur additional charges and its profitability will suffer, including lower fixed costs absorption associated 
with lower production levels at its plants. The Group’s business may be negatively impacted if it experiences

--- Page 29 ---
-9- 
 
 
 
 
excess inventories or if it is unable to adjust on a timely basis its production schedules or its purchases from 
suppliers to reflect changes in customer demand and market fluctuations. 
Competitive activity, or failure by the Group to respond to actions by its competitors, could adversely affect its 
results of operations 
The Group operates in highly competitive global and regional markets. Depending on the particular country and 
product, the Group competes with other international, regional and local manufacturers and distributors of 
agricultural and construction equipment. Certain of the Group’s global competitors have substantial resources and 
may be able to provide products and services at little or no profit or even at a loss to compete with certain of the 
Group’s product and service offerings. The Group competes primarily on the basis of product performance, 
innovation, quality, distribution, customer service and price. Aggressive pricing or other strategies pursued by 
competitors, unanticipated product or manufacturing delays, quality issues, or the Group’s failure to price its 
products competitively could adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position. 
Additionally, there has been a trend toward consolidation in the construction equipment industries that has resulted 
in larger and potentially stronger competitors in those industries. The markets in which the Group competes are 
highly competitive in terms of product quality, innovation, pricing, fuel economy, reliability, safety, customer 
service and financial services offered. Competition, particularly on pricing, has increased significantly in the 
markets in which the Group competes. Should the Group be unable to adapt effectively to market conditions, this 
could have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact the Group’s results 
Most countries where the Group’s products and services are sold have established central banks to regulate 
monetary systems and influence economic activities, generally by adjusting interest rates. Some governments may 
implement measures whose effect is to slow economic growth in those countries (e.g. higher interest rates, reduced 
bank lending and other anti-inflation measures). Rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on the overall 
economic activity and/or the financial condition of the Group’s customers, either or both of which could negatively 
affect demand for the Group’s products and the Group’s customers’ ability to repay obligations to the Group. 
Central banks and other policy arms of many countries may take further actions to vary the amount of liquidity 
and credit available in an economy. The impact from a change in liquidity and credit policies could negatively 
affect the customers and markets the Group serves or its suppliers, which could adversely impact the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. Government initiatives that are intended to stimulate 
demand for products sold by the Group, such as changes in tax treatment or purchase incentives for new equipment, 
can significantly influence the timing and level of the Group’s revenues. The terms, size and duration of such 
government actions are unpredictable and outside of the Group’s control. Any adverse change in government 
policy relating to those initiatives could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. As noted above, it is unclear what the macroeconomic effects will be of the 
economic stimulus actions taken by various countries in order to mitigate the adverse economic impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting increase in government debt. 
The Group’s future performance depends on its ability to innovate and on market acceptance of new or existing 
products  
The success of the Group depends on its ability to maintain or increase its market share in existing markets and to 
expand into new markets through the development of innovative, high-quality products that provide adequate 
profitability. The Group has a strategic plan covering investments in innovation designed to further develop 
existing, and create new, product and service offerings responsive to customer needs, including developing and 
delivering connected and digital solutions, automation, electrification and autonomy. Achievement of these 
objectives is dependent on a number of factors, including the Group’s ability to maintain key dealer relationships, 
its ability to design and produce products that meet the quality, performance and price expectations of its 
customers, its ability to develop connected and digital solutions that improve the profitability and sustainability 
of its customers through their production systems and its ability to develop effective sales, dealer training and 
marketing programs and the ability of the Group’s dealers to support and service connected and digital solutions. 
Failure to develop and offer innovative products that compare favourably to those of the Group’s principal 
competitors in terms of price, quality, functionality, features, mobility and connected services, vehicle 
electrification, fuel cell technology and autonomy, or delays in bringing strategic new products to market, or the

--- Page 30 ---
-10- 
 
 
 
 
inability to adequately protect the Group’s intellectual property rights or supply products that meet regulatory 
requirements, including engine emissions requirements, could result in reduced revenue and market share, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group may face challenges to its intellectual property which could adversely affect its reputation, business 
and competitive position  
The Group owns important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets. The 
Group’s intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining its competitive position in the markets that it 
serves. The Group’s competitors may develop technologies that are similar or superior to its proprietary 
technologies or design around the intellectual property that it owns or licenses. Despite the Group’s controls and 
safeguards, its technology may be misappropriated by employees, competitors or third parties. The pursuit of 
remedies for any misappropriation of intellectual property is expensive and the ultimate remedies may be 
insufficient. Further, in jurisdictions where the enforcement of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk 
of misappropriation of the Group’s intellectual property is higher notwithstanding the efforts it undertakes to 
protect it. Developments or assertions by or against the Group relating to intellectual property rights, and any 
inability to protect or enforce the Group’s rights sufficiently, could adversely affect the Group’s business, 
competitive position and results of operations. 
The Group may not realise all of the anticipated benefits from its business initiatives and cost management 
initiatives 
As part of its strategic plan, the Group is actively engaged in a number of initiatives to strengthen its business and 
increase its productivity, market positioning, efficiency and cash flow, all of which the Group expects will have a 
positive long-term effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. These initiatives include 
the Group’s enhanced focus on digital, precision farming and alternative propulsion, as well as other initiatives 
aimed at improving its product portfolio and customer focus. There can be no assurance that these initiatives or 
others will be beneficial to the extent anticipated, or that the estimated efficiency or cash flow improvements will 
be realised as anticipated or at all. If these initiatives are not implemented successfully, they could have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s operations. The Group also expects to take targeted restructuring actions as it continues to 
optimise its cost structure and improve the efficiency of its operations. In order to complete these actions, the 
Group will incur charges. Failure to realise anticipated savings or benefits from the Group’s cost reduction actions 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of 
operations and cash flows. 
The Group may not be able to realise anticipated benefits from any acquisitions and, further, challenges 
associated with strategic alliances may have an adverse impact on the Group’s results of operations 
The Group has engaged in the past, and may engage in the future, in investments or mergers and acquisitions or 
may enter into, expand or exit from strategic alliances and joint ventures, which could involve risks that could 
prevent the Group from realising the expected benefits of the transactions or the achievement of strategic 
objectives or could divert the time and attention of the Group’s management. Such risks, many of which are 
outside the Group’s control, include technological and product synergies, economies of scale and cost reductions 
not occurring as expected, unexpected liabilities, incompatibility of operating, information or other systems, 
unexpected changes in laws, inability to retain key employees, protecting intellectual property rights, inability to 
source certain products or components (or the cost thereof), significant costs associated with terminating or 
modifying alliances, and problems in retaining customers and integrating operations, services, personnel, and 
customer bases. 
If problems or issues were to arise among the parties to one or more strategic alliances or other relationships for 
managerial, financial, or other reasons, or if such strategic alliances or other relationships were terminated, the 
Group’s product lines, businesses, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
The Group’s business may be affected by climate change, unfavourable weather conditions or other calamities 
Poor, severe or unusual weather conditions caused by climate change or other factors, particularly during the 
planting and early growing season, can significantly affect the purchasing decisions of the Group’s agricultural

--- Page 31 ---
-11- 
 
 
 
 
equipment customers. The timing and quantity of rainfall are two of the most important factors in agricultural 
production. Insufficient levels of rain prevent farmers from planting crops or may cause growing crops to die, 
resulting in lower yields. Excessive rain or flooding can also prevent planting or harvesting from occurring at 
optimal times and may cause crop loss through increased disease or mould growth. Temperature affects the rate 
of growth, crop maturity, crop quality and yield. Temperatures outside normal ranges can cause crop failure or 
decreased yields, and may also affect disease incidence. Natural disasters such as floods, hurricanes, storms, 
droughts, diseases and pests can have a negative impact on agricultural production. The resulting negative impact 
on farm income can strongly affect demand for the Group’s agricultural equipment in any given period.  
In addition, natural disasters, pandemic illness, acts of terrorism or violence, equipment failures, power outages, 
disruptions to the Group’s information technology systems and networks or other unexpected events could result 
in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of the Group’s manufacturing facilities or 
distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of parts or component products, and 
disruption and delay in the transport of the Group’s products to dealers and customers. In the event such events 
occur, the Group’s financial results might be negatively impacted. The Group’s existing insurance arrangements 
may not protect against all costs that may arise from such events.  
Furthermore, the potentially long-term physical impacts of climate change on the Group’s facilities, suppliers and 
customers and therefore on its operations are highly uncertain and will be driven by circumstances developing in 
various geographical regions. These may include long-term changes in temperature and water availability. These 
potential physical effects may adversely impact the demand for the Group’s products and the cost, production, 
sales and financial performance of its operations. 
Changes in demand for food and alternate energy sources could impact the Group’s revenues 
Changing worldwide demand for farm outputs to meet the world’s growing food and alternative energy demands, 
driven in part by a growing world population and government policies, are likely to result in fluctuating 
agricultural commodity prices, which affect sales of agricultural equipment. While higher commodity prices will 
benefit the Group’s crop producing agricultural equipment customers, higher commodity prices also result in 
greater feed costs for livestock and poultry producers, which in turn may result in lower levels of equipment 
purchased by these customers. Lower commodity prices directly affect farm income, which could negatively affect 
sales of agricultural equipment. Moreover, changing alternative energy demands may cause farmers to change the 
types or quantities of the crops they grow, with corresponding changes in equipment demands. Finally, changes 
in governmental policies regulating bio-fuel utilisation could affect demand for the Group’s equipment and result 
in higher research and development costs related to equipment fuel standards.  
International trade policies may impact demand for the Group’s products and its competitive position 
Government policies on international trade and investment such as sanctions, import quotas, capital controls or 
tariffs, whether adopted by non-governmental bodies, individual governments or addressed by regional trade 
blocks, may affect the demand for the Group’s products, technology and services, impact the competitive position 
of its products or prevent it from being able to sell products to certain customers or in certain countries. The 
implementation of more protectionist trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs, or new 
barriers to entry, in countries where the Group sells products and provides services could negatively impact its 
business, results of operations and financial position. For example, a government’s adoption of trade sanctions or 
“buy national” policies or retaliation by another government against such policies could have a negative impact 
on the Group’s results of operations. 
Operational Risks 
The Group depends on suppliers for raw materials, parts and components  
The Group relies upon many suppliers for raw materials, parts and components that it requires to manufacture its 
products. The Group cannot guarantee that it will be able to maintain access to raw materials, parts and 
components, and in some cases, this access may be affected by factors outside of the Group’s control and the 
control of its suppliers. Certain components and parts used in the Group’s products are available from a single 
supplier and cannot be quickly sourced from other suppliers. Significant disruptions to the supply chain resulting

--- Page 32 ---
-12- 
 
 
 
 
from shortages of raw materials, components, and whole-goods can adversely affect the ability of the Group to 
meet customer demand. For example, during 2021, as economies around the world have reopened, sharp increases 
in demand have exacerbated significant disruptions to the global supply chain stemming from the COVID-19 
pandemic, which have affected the Group’s ability to receive certain materials and components on a timely basis 
and at anticipated costs. These supply chain disruptions have been caused and compounded by many factors, 
including changes in supply and demand, industry capacity constraints, labour shortages and the COVID-19  
pandemic. Global logistics network challenges include ocean freight capacity constraints, international port 
delays, trucking and chassis shortages, railway and air freight capacity, and labour availability constraints, which 
have resulted in delays, shortages of key manufacturing components, increased order backlogs, and increased 
transportation costs. While the Group diligently monitors its supply chain risk and seeks to respond promptly to 
address supply chain and logistics bottlenecks, there can be no assurance that the Group’s mitigation plans will 
be effective to prevent disruptions that may arise from shortages of materials that the Group uses in the production 
of its products. Uncertainties related to the magnitude and duration of global supply chain disruptions have 
adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the Group’s business and outlook.   
The Group uses a variety of raw materials in its businesses including steel, aluminium, lead, resin and copper, and 
precious metals such as platinum, palladium and rhodium. The availability and price of these raw materials 
fluctuate, particularly during times of economic volatility or regulatory instability or in response to changes in 
tariffs. While the Group seeks to manage this exposure, it may not be successful in mitigating these risks. Further, 
increases in the prices for raw materials can significantly increase the Group’s costs of production, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition, particularly 
if it is unable to offset the increased costs through an increase in product pricing. 
The Group’s existing operations and expansion plans in emerging markets could entail significant risks 
The Group’s ability to grow its businesses depends to an increasing degree on its ability to increase market share 
and operate profitably worldwide, and in particular, in emerging market countries, such as Brazil, Russia, India, 
China, Argentina and Turkey. In addition, the Group could increase its use of suppliers located in such countries. 
The Group’s implementation of these strategies will involve a significant investment of capital and other resources 
and exposes the Group to multiple and potentially conflicting cultural practices, business practices and legal 
requirements that are subject to change, including those related to tariffs, trade barriers, investments, property 
ownership rights, taxation and sanction and export control requirements. For example, the Group may encounter 
difficulties in obtaining necessary governmental approvals in a timely manner. In addition, the Group may 
experience delays and incur significant costs in constructing facilities, establishing supply channels, and 
commencing manufacturing operations. Further, customers in these markets may not readily accept the Group’s 
products compared with products manufactured and commercialised by the Group’s competitors. The emerging 
market countries may also be subject to a greater degree of economic and political volatility that could adversely 
affect the Group’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Many emerging market economies have 
experienced slower growth, volatility, and other economic challenges in recent periods and may be subject to a 
further slowdown in gross domestic product expansion and/or be impacted by domestic political or currency 
volatility, potential hyperinflationary conditions and/or increase of public debt. 
Dealer equipment sourcing and inventory management decisions could adversely affect the Group’s sales 
The Group sells its products primarily through independent dealers and is subject to risks relating to their inventory 
management decisions and operating and sourcing practices. The Group’s dealers carry inventories of finished 
products and parts as part of ongoing operations and adjust those inventories based on their assessment of future 
sales opportunities and market conditions, including the level of used equipment inventory. If the inventory levels 
of the Group’s dealers are higher than they desire, they may postpone product purchases from the Group, which 
could cause the Group’s sales to be lower than the end-user demand for the Group’s products and negatively 
impact the Group’s results. Similarly, the Group’s sales could be negatively impacted through the loss of 
time-sensitive sales if the Group’s dealers do not maintain inventory sufficient to meet customer demand. Further, 
dealers who carry other products that compete with the Group’s products may focus their inventory purchases and 
sales efforts on goods provided by other suppliers due to industry demand or profitability. Such inventory 
adjustments and sourcing decisions can adversely impact the Group’s sales, results of operations and financial 
condition.

--- Page 33 ---
-13- 
 
 
 
 
The Group’s results of operations may be adversely impacted by various types of claims, lawsuits, and other 
contingent obligations 
In the ordinary course of business, the Group is involved in litigation and investigations on a wide range of topics, 
including dealer and supplier litigation, intellectual property rights disputes, product warranty and defective 
product claims, product performance, asbestos, personal injury, engine emissions and/or fuel economy regulatory 
and contract issues, and environmental claims. The industries in which the Group operates are also periodically 
reviewed or investigated by regulators, which could lead to enforcement actions, fines and penalties or the 
assertion of private litigation claims. The ultimate outcome of these legal matters pending against the Group is 
uncertain, and although such legal matters are not expected individually to have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s financial position or profitability, such legal matters could, in the aggregate, in the event of unfavourable 
resolutions thereof, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations and financial condition. 
Furthermore, the Group could in the future be subject to judgments or enter into settlements of lawsuits and claims 
that could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations in any particular period. In addition, while the 
Group maintains insurance coverage with respect to certain risks, it may not be able to obtain such insurance on 
acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against claims 
under such policies. The Group establishes reserves based on its assessment of contingencies, including 
contingencies related to legal claims asserted against it. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect 
the Group’s assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a reserve and require the Group to make 
payments that exceed its reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations 
and/or financial position. For further information see Note 27 “Commitments and contingencies” to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements at December 31, 2021, which are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
A cybersecurity breach could interfere with the Group’s operations, compromise confidential information, 
negatively impact the Group’s corporate reputation and expose the Group to liability 
The Group relies upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, 
in connection with a variety of the Group’s business activities. These systems include supply chain, manufacturing, 
distribution, invoicing and collection of payments from dealers or other purchasers of the Group’s products and 
from customers of the Group’s financial services business, and connectivity services with and among equipment. 
The Group uses information technology systems to record, process and summarise financial information and 
results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal and 
tax requirements. Additionally, the Group collects and stores sensitive data, including intellectual property, 
proprietary business information and the proprietary information of its customers, suppliers and dealers, as well 
as personally identifiable information of its dealers, customers and employees, in data centres and on information 
technology networks. Operating these information technology systems and networks, and processing and 
maintaining this data, in a secure manner, are critical to the Group’s business operations and strategy. Increased 
information technology security threats (such as worms, viruses, malware, phishing attacks, ransomware, and 
other malicious threats) and more sophisticated computer crime pose a significant risk to the security of the 
Group’s systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of the Group’s data. Cybersecurity 
attacks could also include attacks targeting customer data or the security, integrity and/or reliability of the 
hardware and software installed in the Group’s products. The foregoing risks are heightened in the current 
environment where  the Group’s employees have been working and continue to work from home due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. 
While the Group actively manages information technology security risks within its control through security 
measures, business continuity plans and employee training around phishing and other cyber risks, these attacks 
have proliferated and there can be no assurance that the Group’s actions will be sufficient to successfully prevent 
attacks or to mitigate potential risks to the Group’s systems, networks, data and products. Furthermore, third 
parties on which the Group relies, including internet, mobile communications technology and cloud service 
providers, pose their own information security risk to the Group. 
A failure or breach in security, whether of the Group’s systems and networks or those of third parties on which 
the Group relies, could expose the Group and its customers, dealers and suppliers to risks of misuse of information 
or systems, the compromising of confidential information, loss of financial resources, manipulation and 
destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes and operations disruptions, which in turn could 
adversely affect the Group’s reputation, competitive position, businesses and results of operations. Security

--- Page 34 ---
-14- 
 
 
 
 
breaches could also result in litigation, regulatory action, unauthorised release of confidential or otherwise 
protected information and corruption of data, as well as remediation costs and higher operational and other costs 
of implementing further data protection measures. In addition, as security threats continue to evolve the Group 
may need to invest additional resources to protect the security of its systems and data. The amount or scope of 
insurance coverage that the Group maintains may be inadequate to cover claims or liabilities relating to a 
cybersecurity attack. 
Security breaches with respect to the Group’s products could interfere with the Group’s business and its dealers, 
and/or customers, exposing the Group to liability that would cause the Group’s business and reputation to suffer 
Some of the Group’s products include connectivity hardware typically used for telematics services and remote 
system updates. While the Group has implemented security measures intended to prevent unauthorised access to 
these products, malicious actors have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorised 
access to such products including through such connectivity hardware in order to gain control of the products, 
change the products’ functionality, user interface, or performance characteristics, or gain access to data stored in 
or generated by the products. Any unauthorised access to or control of the Group’s products or systems or any 
loss of data could result in legal claims against the Group or government investigations. In addition, reports of 
unauthorised access to the Group’s products, systems, and data, regardless of their veracity, may result in the 
perception that the products, systems, or data are capable of being hacked, which could harm the Group’s brands, 
prospects, and operating results. 
Following the Demerger of the Iveco Group Business, the Group’s financial profile has changed, and it will be a 
somewhat smaller, less diversified company than prior to the Demerger 
The Demerger will result in each of (i) the Iveco Group Business and (ii) the CNH Industrial Group Business 
being smaller, less diversified companies with more businesses concentrated in their respective industries. As a 
result, the Group may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions particularly those affecting the 
agricultural sector, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. In addition, the diversification of the Group’s revenues, costs, and cash flows will diminish 
as a standalone company, such that the Group’s results of operations, cash flows, working capital and financing 
requirements may be subject to increased volatility and the Group’s ability to fund capital expenditures and 
investments, pay dividends and service debt may be diminished. Following the Demerger, the Group may also 
have more limited capital allocation efficiency and flexibility, as it will no longer be able to use cash flow from 
the combined business to fund investments into one of its businesses. The Group may, however, benefit from no 
longer being a source of capital and support for the Iveco Group Business. 
The Group faces risks associated with its employment relationships 
In many countries where the Group operates, its employees are protected by laws and/or collective labour 
agreements that guarantee them, through local and national representatives, the right of consultation on specific 
matters, including repurposing, downsizing or closure of production facilities and reductions in personnel. Laws 
and/or collective labour agreements applicable to the Group could impair the Group’s flexibility in reshaping 
and/or strategically repositioning its business activities. Therefore, the Group’s ability to efficiently deploy 
personnel or implement permanent or temporary redundancy measures is subject to government approvals and/or 
the agreement of labour unions where such laws and agreements are applicable. Furthermore, the Group is at 
greater risk of work interruptions or stoppages than non-unionised companies and any work interruption or 
stoppage could significantly impact the volume of products the Group manufactures and sells, which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the 
COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in material changes in how and where employees work.  
The Group’s ability to execute its strategy is dependent upon its ability to attract, motivate and retain qualified 
personnel 
The Group’s ability to compete successfully, to manage its business effectively, to expand its business and to 
execute its strategic direction, in particular the implementation of its strategic business plan depends, in part, on 
its ability to attract, motivate and retain qualified personnel in key functions and markets. In particular, the Group 
is dependent on its ability to attract, motivate and retain qualified personnel with the requisite education, skills,

--- Page 35 ---
-15- 
 
 
 
 
background, talents and industry experience. Failure to attract and retain qualified personnel, whether as a result 
of an insufficient number of qualified applicants, difficulty in recruiting new personnel, or the inability to integrate 
and retain qualified personnel, could impair the Group’s ability to execute its business strategy and meet its 
business objectives. These may be affected by the loss of employees, particularly when departures involve larger 
numbers of employees, such as those experienced by many employers and industries since 2020. Higher rates of 
employee separations may adversely affect the Group through decreased employee morale, the loss of knowledge 
of departing employees, and the devotion of resources to recruiting and onboarding new employees. 
Compliance Risks 
The Group is subject to increasingly stringent evolving laws that impose significant compliance costs 
The Group is subject to comprehensive and constantly evolving laws, regulations and policies in numerous 
jurisdictions around the world. The Group expects the extent of legal requirements affecting the Group’s 
businesses and its costs of compliance to continue to increase in the future. Such laws govern, among other things, 
products  (with requirements on emissions of polluting gases and particulate matter, increased fuel efficiency and 
safety becoming increasingly strict) and industrial plants (with requirements for reduced air emissions, treatment 
of waste and water, and prohibitions on soil contamination also becoming increasingly strict). To comply with 
such laws, the Group makes significant investments in research and development and capital expenditures and 
expects to continue to incur substantial costs in the future. Failure to comply with such laws could limit or prohibit 
the ability of the Group to sell its products in a particular jurisdiction, expose the Group to penalties or clean-up 
costs, civil or criminal liability and sanctions on certain of its activities, and result in damage to property or natural 
resources. Liabilities, sanctions, damages and remediation efforts related to any non-compliance with such laws, 
including those that may be adopted or imposed in the future, could negatively impact the Group’s ability to 
conduct its operations and the Group’s results of the operations and financial condition. In addition, there can be 
no assurance that the Group will not be adversely affected by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to any 
subsequently acquired operations. 
Further, environmental, health and safety regulations change from time to time, as may related interpretations and 
other guidance. For example, changes in environmental and climate change laws, including laws relating to engine 
and vehicle emissions, safety regulations, fuel requirements, restricted substances, or greenhouse gas emissions, 
could lead to new or additional investments in product designs and could increase environmental compliance 
expenditures. If these laws are either changed or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and 
compliance requirements on the Group’s products or operations, they could result in higher capital expenditures 
and negatively impact the Group’s business, results of operations, financial position and competitive position.  
Changes to existing laws and regulations or changes to how they are interpreted or the implementation of new, 
more stringent laws or regulations could adversely affect the Group’s business by increasing compliance costs, 
limiting the Group’s ability to offer a product or service, requiring changes to its business practices, or otherwise 
making its products and services less attractive to customers. For example, so-called “right to repair” legislation 
proposals in certain states and at the federal level in the U.S. could require the Group to provide access to the 
software code embedded in its products, which, among other harmful consequences, could create product safety 
issues, compromise engine emissions and performance controls, adversely affect the protection of the Group’s 
intellectual property, and discourage innovation and investments in research and development. 
The Group is subject to extensive laws and regulations 
Due to the global scope of its operations, the Group is subject to many laws and regulations that apply to its 
operations around the world, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and the UK Bribery Act, as well 
as a range of national anti- corruption and antitrust or competition laws that apply to conduct in a particular 
jurisdiction. These anti-corruption laws prohibit improper payments in cash or anything of value to improperly 
influence third parties to obtain or retain business or gain a business advantage. These laws tend to apply regardless 
of whether those practices are legal or culturally acceptable in a particular jurisdiction. Over the past several years 
there has been an increase in the enforcement of anti-corruption and antitrust or competition laws both globally 
and in particular jurisdictions and the Group has from time to time been subject to investigations and charges 
claiming violations of anti-corruption or antitrust or competition laws, including Iveco’s settlement of the EU 
antitrust investigation announced on July 19, 2016. Following this settlement, Iveco, the Company and other

--- Page 36 ---
-16- 
 
 
 
 
parties have been defending against private litigation commenced in Europe. The Group is committed to operating 
in compliance with all applicable laws, in particular, anti- corruption and antitrust or competition laws. The Group 
has implemented a programme to promote compliance with these laws and to reduce the likelihood of potential 
violations. The Group’s compliance programme, however, may not in every instance protect the Group from acts 
committed by its employees, agents, contractors, or collaborators that may violate the applicable laws or 
regulations of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. Such improper actions could subject the Group to 
civil or criminal investigations and monetary, injunctive and other penalties as well as damage claims. 
Investigations of alleged violations of these laws tend to be expensive and require significant management time 
and attention, and these investigations of purported violations, as well as any publicity regarding potential 
violations, could harm the Group’s reputation and have a material adverse effect on its business, results of 
operations and financial position. For further information, see Note 27 “Commitments and contingencies” to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements as at December 31, 2021, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Changes in privacy laws could disrupt the Group’s business 
The regulatory framework for privacy and data security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to 
remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. The Group collects personal information and other data as part of its 
business operations. This data is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws and regulations. For example, the 
European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) imposes more stringent data protection 
requirements and provides for significant penalties for noncompliance. New privacy laws will continue to come 
into effect around the world. The Group may be required to incur significant costs to comply with these and other 
privacy and data security laws, rules and regulations. Any inability to adequately address privacy and security 
concerns or comply with applicable privacy and data security laws, rules and regulations could have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s business prospects, results of operations and/or financial position. 
New regulations or changes in financial services regulations could adversely impact the Group 
The Group’s Financial Services’ operations are highly regulated by governmental and banking authorities in the 
locations where they operate, which can impose significant additional costs and/or restrictions on their business. 
In the U.S., for example, the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
of 2010 (“Dodd-Frank Act”), including its regulations, as well as other efforts at regulatory reform in financial 
services may substantially affect the origination, servicing, and securitisation programmes of the Group’s 
Financial Services segment as well as limit the ability of the Group’s customers to enter into hedging transaction 
or finance purchases of its equipment. The Dodd-Frank Act also strengthens the regulatory oversight of these 
securities and related capital market activities by the Securities Exchange Commission and increases the 
regulation of the ABS markets through, among other things, a mandated risk retention requirement for securitisers 
and a direction to regulate credit rating agencies. Future regulations may affect the Group’s ability to engage in 
funding these capital market activities or increase the effective cost of such transactions, which could adversely 
affect the Group’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
Financial and Taxation Risks 
Difficulty faced by the Group in obtaining financing or refinancing existing debt could impact the Group’s 
financial performance  
The Group’s performance will depend on, among other things, its ability to finance debt repayment obligations 
and planned investments from operating cash flow, available liquidity, the renewal or refinancing of existing bank 
loans and/or facilities and access to capital markets or other sources of financing.  
A decline in revenues could have a negative impact on the cash-generating capacity of the Group’s operations. 
Consequently, the Group could find itself in the position of having to seek additional financing and/or having to 
refinance existing debt, including in unfavourable market conditions with limited availability of funding and a 
general increase in funding costs. Instability in global capital markets, including market disruptions, limited 
liquidity and interest rate and exchange rate volatility, could reduce the Group’s access to capital markets or 
increase the cost of its short and long-term financing. Any difficulty in obtaining financing could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial position.

--- Page 37 ---
-17- 
 
 
 
 
The Group’s ability to access the capital markets or other forms of financing and related costs are highly dependent 
on, among other things, the credit ratings of CNH Industrial N.V., its subsidiaries, asset-backed securities (“ABS”) 
and other debt instruments. Rating agencies may review and revise their ratings from time to time, and any 
downgrade or other negative action with respect to the Group’s credit ratings by one or more rating agencies may 
increase the Group’s cost of capital, potentially limit its access to sources of financing, and have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is subject to exchange rate fluctuations, interest rate changes and other market risks 
The Group operates in numerous markets worldwide and is exposed to market risks stemming from fluctuations 
in currency and interest rates, including as a result of changes in monetary or fiscal policies of governmental 
authorities from time to time. The Group is subject to currency exchange risk to the extent that the Group’s costs 
are denominated in currencies other than those in which the Group earns revenues. In addition, the reporting 
currency for the Consolidated Financial Statements is the U.S. dollar. Certain of the Group’s assets, liabilities, 
expenses and revenues are denominated in other currencies. Those assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are 
translated into the U.S. dollar at the applicable exchange rates to prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Therefore, increases or decreases in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and those other currencies affect the 
value of those items reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements, even if their value remains unchanged in 
their original currency. Changes in currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have 
had, and will continue to have, an impact on the Group’s results of operations and financial condition.  
The Group uses various forms of financing to cover the funding requirements of its Industrial Activities and for 
financing offered to customers and dealers by Financial Services. Financial Services normally implements a 
matching policy to offset the impact of differences in interest rates on the financed portfolio and related liabilities. 
Nevertheless, any future changes in interest rates can result in increases or decreases in revenues, finance costs 
and margins.  
Although the Group seeks to manage its currency risk and interest rate risk, including through hedging activities, 
there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to do so successfully, and its business, results of operations 
and financial position could be adversely affected. In addition, by utilising these instruments, the Group potentially 
foregoes the benefits that may result from favourable fluctuations in currency exchange and interest rates. For 
additional information, see Note 30 “Information on financial risks” to the Consolidated Financial Statements as 
at December 31, 2021, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Group also faces risks from currency devaluations. Currency devaluations result in a diminished value of 
funds denominated in the currency of the country suffering the devaluation. 
Because Financial Services provides financing for a significant portion of the Group’s sales worldwide, its 
operations and financial results could be impacted materially should negative economic conditions affect the 
financial services industry 
Negative economic conditions can have an adverse effect on the financial services industry in which Financial 
Services operates. Financial Services, through wholly-owned financial services companies and joint ventures, 
provides financing for a significant portion of the Group’s sales worldwide. Financial Services may experience 
credit losses that exceed its expectations and adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
Financial Services’ inability to access funds at cost- effective rates to support its financing activities could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business. Financial Services’ liquidity and ongoing profitability depend 
largely on timely access to capital in order to meet future cash flow requirements and to fund operations and costs 
associated with engaging in diversified funding activities. Additionally, negative market conditions could reduce 
customer confidence levels, resulting in declines in credit applications and increases in delinquencies and default 
rates, which could materially impact Financial Services’ write-offs and provision for credit losses. Financial 
Services may also experience residual value losses that exceed its expectations caused by lower pricing for used 
vehicles or equipment and higher than expected vehicle or equipment returns at lease maturity. 
The Group is subject to interest rate risks and changes in interest rates can reduce demand for equipment, 
adversely affect the interest margins in the Group’s Financial Services segment, and limit access to capital 
markets while increasing borrowing costs

--- Page 38 ---
-18- 
 
 
 
 
Rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity as well as on the financial health 
of the Group’s customers, either of which could negatively affect customer demand for its products and services 
as well as customers’ ability to service any financing provided by the Group’s Financial Services segment. In 
addition, credit market dislocations could have an impact on funding costs, which in turn may make it more 
difficult for the Group’s Financial Services Segment to offer customers competitive financing rates. While the 
Group aims to limit the exposure of its net financial assets to changes in prevailing interest rates, interest rates 
volatility could have an adverse effect on the Group’s net interest rate margin – i.e., the difference between the 
yield it earns on assets and the interest rates it pays. Actions by credit rating agencies, such as downgrades or 
negative changes to ratings outlooks, can affect the availability and cost of funding for the Group and can increase 
the Group’s cost of capital and hurt its competitive position. 
An increase in delinquencies or repossessions could adversely affect the results of Financial Services  
Fundamental in the operation of Financial Services is the credit risk associated with its customers/borrowers. The 
creditworthiness of each customer, rates of delinquency and default, repossessions and net losses on loans to 
customers are impacted by many factors, including relevant industry and general economic conditions, the 
availability of capital, the terms and conditions applicable to extensions of credit, the experience and skills of the 
customer’s management team, commodity prices, political events, including government mandated moratoria on 
payments, weather, and the value of the collateral securing the extension of credit.  
An increase in delinquencies or defaults, or a reduction in repossessions could have an adverse impact on the 
performance of Financial Services and the Group’s earnings and cash flows. In addition, although Financial 
Services evaluates and adjusts its allowance for credit losses related to past due or non-performing receivables on 
a regular basis, adverse economic conditions or other factors that might cause deterioration of customers’ financial 
health could change the timing and level of payments received and thus necessitate an increase in Financial 
Services’ reserves for estimated losses, which could have a material adverse effect on Financial Services’ and the 
Group’s results of operations and cash flows. 
The Group may be exposed to shortfalls in its pension plans 
At December 31, 2021, the funded status for the Group’s defined benefit pension, healthcare and other post-
employment benefits was an underfunded status of $1,062 million that is included in the consolidated statement 
of financial position related to CNH Industrial Pre-Demerger, of which $595 million was related to Continuing 
Operations and $467 million related to Discontinued Operations. The funded status is the balance between the 
present value of the defined benefit obligation and the fair value of related assets, in case of funded plans (plans 
managed by a separate fund, “trust”). Consequently, the funded status is subject to many factors, as discussed in 
the Consolidated Financial Statements at December 31 2021, section “Significant Accounting Policies” paragraph 
“Use of Estimates”, as well as Note 22 “Provisions for employee benefits”.  
To the extent that the Group’s obligations under a plan are unfunded or underfunded, it will have to use cash flows 
from operations and other sources to pay its obligations as they become due. In addition, since the assets that 
currently fund these obligations are primarily invested in debt instruments and equity securities, the value of these 
assets is subject to changes due to market fluctuations. 
The Group has significant outstanding indebtedness, which may limit its ability to obtain additional funding and 
may limit its financial and operating flexibility 
As of December 31, 2021, the Group had an aggregate of $24,255 million (including $19,509 million relating to 
Financial Services’ activities) of consolidated debt and its equity was $8,426 million, including non-controlling 
interests. At December 31, 2021, $21,689 million and $2,566 million of the aggregate consolidated gross 
indebtedness was related to Continuing Operations and to Discontinued Operations, respectively. The extent of 
the Group’s indebtedness could have important consequences on its operations and financial results, including 
that: the Group may not be able to secure additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service 
requirements or general corporate purposes; the Group may need to use a portion of its projected future cash flow 
from operations to pay principal and interest on its indebtedness, which may reduce the amount of funds available 
to the Group for other purposes; the Group may be more financially leveraged than some of its competitors, which 
could put it at a competitive disadvantage; the Group may not be able to invest in the development or introduction

--- Page 39 ---
-19- 
 
 
 
 
of new products or new business opportunities; the Group’s future cash flow may be exposed to the risk of interest 
rate volatility; the Group may not be able to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions, which may make it 
more vulnerable to a downturn in general economic conditions; and the Group may not be able to access the 
capital markets on favourable terms, which may adversely affect its ability to provide competitive retail and 
wholesale financing programmes. 
These risks are exacerbated by the ongoing volatility in the financial markets, in part resulting from perceived 
strains on the finances and creditworthiness of several governments and financial institutions, particularly in the 
European Union and Latin America, and from continued concerns about global economic growth, particularly in 
emerging markets, as a result of, among others, the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Further, the Group’s indebtedness under some of its instruments including certain derivative transactions may 
bear interest at variable interest rates or have other terms based on the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”). 
The LIBOR benchmark has been subject to national, international, and other regulatory guidance and proposals 
for reform. In July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced that it intends to stop persuading or 
compelling banks to submit rates for calculation of LIBOR after 2021. For further information please refer to the 
risk factor entitled “The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked 
to or referencing such “benchmarks”. Although this deadline has subsequently been extended to June 2023, these 
reforms may cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the past and, in particular, may do so in the future as the 
deadline approaches potentially making it unsuitable to use as a benchmark. The consequences of any potential 
cessation, modification or other reform of LIBOR cannot be predicted at this time. Any new benchmark rate will 
likely not replicate LIBOR exactly, which could impact new variable rate credit facilities and derivative 
transaction. Any changes to benchmark rates could have an impact on the Group’s cost of funds and the Group’s 
access to the capital markets, which could impact its results of operations and cash flows. Uncertainty as to the 
nature of such potential changes may also adversely affect the trading market for the Group’s securities. 
Restrictive covenants in the Group’s debt agreements could limit its financial and operating flexibility 
The agreements governing the Group’s outstanding debt securities and other credit agreements to which the Group 
is a party from time to time contain, or may contain, covenants that restrict the Group’s ability to, among other 
things, incur additional indebtedness by certain subsidiaries, make certain investments, enter into certain types of 
transactions with affiliates, sell or acquire certain assets or merge with or into other companies, and/or use assets 
as security in other transactions. 
Although the Group does not believe any of these covenants materially restrict its operations currently, a breach 
of one or more of the covenants could result in adverse consequences that could negatively impact the Group’s 
businesses, results of operations, and financial position. These consequences may include the acceleration of 
amounts outstanding under certain of the Group’s credit facilities, triggering an obligation to redeem certain debt 
securities, termination of existing unused commitments by the Group’s lenders, refusal by the Group’s lenders to 
extend further credit under one or more of the facilities or to enter into new facilities or the lowering or 
modification of CNH Industrial’s credit ratings or those of one or more of its subsidiaries. For further information, 
see Note 24 “Debt” to the Consolidated Financial Statements as at December 31, 2021, incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
CNH Industrial operates and will continue to operate, as a company that is resident in the UK for tax purposes; 
other tax authorities may treat CNH Industrial as being tax resident elsewhere 
CNH Industrial is not incorporated in the UK; therefore, in order to be resident in the UK for tax purposes, CNH 
Industrial’s central management and control must be located (in whole or in part) in the UK. The test of central 
management and control is largely a question of fact based on all the circumstances. The decisions of the UK 
courts and the published practice of Her Majesty’s Revenue & Customs, or HMRC, suggest that CNH Industrial 
should be regarded as being UK-resident on this basis. The competent authority ruling referred to below supports 
this analysis. Although CNH Industrial’s “central management and control” is in the UK, it would not be treated 
as UK-resident if (a) CNH Industrial were concurrently resident in another jurisdiction (applying the tax residence 
rules of that jurisdiction) which has a double tax treaty with the UK; and (b) that tax treaty allocates exclusive 
residence to that other jurisdiction.

--- Page 40 ---
-20- 
 
 
 
 
Although CNH Industrial’s central management and control is in the UK, CNH Industrial is considered to be 
resident in the Netherlands for Dutch corporate income tax and Dutch dividend withholding tax purposes because 
CNH Industrial is incorporated in the Netherlands. The UK and Dutch competent authorities have agreed, 
following a mutual agreement procedure (as contemplated by the Netherlands-UK tax treaty), that CNH Industrial 
will be regarded as solely resident in the UK for purposes of the application of the Netherlands-UK tax treaty 
provided that CNH Industrial operates as planned and provides appropriate required evidence to the UK and Dutch 
competent tax authorities. If the facts upon which the competent authorities issued this ruling change over time, 
this ruling may be withdrawn or cease to apply, and in that case, the Netherlands may levy corporate income tax 
on CNH Industrial and impose withholding taxes on dividends distributed by CNH Industrial.  
CNH Industrial’s residence for Italian tax purposes is also largely a question of fact based on all the circumstances. 
CNH Industrial has a management and organisational structure such that CNH Industrial should not be deemed 
resident in Italy under Italian domestic law except to the extent of CNH Industrial’s Italian branch and should be 
deemed resident exclusively in the UK from the date of its incorporation for purposes of the Italy-UK tax treaty. 
Because this analysis is highly factual and may depend on future changes in CNH Industrial’s management and 
organisational structure, there can be no assurance regarding the final determination of its tax residence. Should 
CNH Industrial be treated as an Italian tax resident, CNH Industrial would be subject to corporate income tax in 
Italy on its worldwide income and may be required to comply with withholding tax on dividends and other 
distributions and/ or reporting obligations under Italian law, which could result in additional costs and expenses. 
The Group may incur additional tax expense or become subject to additional tax exposure 
The Group is subject to income taxes in many jurisdictions around the world. The Group’s tax liabilities are 
dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. The Group’s future results of 
operations could be adversely affected by changes in the consolidated effective tax rate as a result of a change in 
the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the Group’s overall profitability, 
changes in tax legislation and rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles and changes in the 
valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. If the Group’s effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate 
determination of its taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued or paid, the Group’s 
operating results, cash flows, and financial position could be adversely affected. For further information, see 
Note 9 “Income tax (expense) benefit” to the Consolidated Financial Statements at December 31, 2021, 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Risks Related to Notes Generally 
CNH Industrial is a holding company, which creates structural subordination risks for the holders of the Notes 
CNH Industrial is organised as a holding company that conducts essentially all of its operations through its direct 
and indirect subsidiaries and depends primarily on the earnings and cash flows of, and the distribution of funds 
from, these subsidiaries to meet its debt obligations, including its obligations under the Notes issued by it and its 
guarantee obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Notes. Generally, creditors of a direct or indirect subsidiary, 
including trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the 
subsidiary, and preferred shareholders, if any, of the subsidiary, will be entitled to the assets of that subsidiary 
before any of those assets can be distributed to shareholders upon liquidation or winding-up. As a result, CNH 
Industrial’s obligations under the Notes issued by it and under the Guarantee of the Guaranteed Notes will 
effectively be subordinated to the prior payment of all the debts and other liabilities, including the right of trade 
creditors and preferred shareholders, if any, of CNH Industrial’s direct and indirect subsidiaries.  CNH Industrial’s 
direct and indirect subsidiaries have other liabilities, including liabilities under bank financing facilities and 
contingent liabilities, which are substantial. See also “Risks Related to Notes Generally – The Notes do not restrict 
the amount of debt which the Issuers and the Guarantor may incur”. 
The Guarantor’s Guarantee of the Notes may be limited by applicable laws or subject to certain procedures that 
could limit or prevent the Guarantor from making payments under the Guarantee 
The Guarantee provides the holders of the Guaranteed Notes with a direct claim against the Guarantor. However, 
the enforcement of the Guarantee against CNH Industrial would be subject to certain defences generally available 
in connection with guarantees. These laws and defences include those that relate to fraudulent conveyance or

--- Page 41 ---
-21- 
 
 
 
 
transfer, bankruptcy claw-back, corporate purpose, conflicts of interest, or similar laws, regulations or defences 
affecting the rights of creditors generally. In addition, in order for a Guarantee to be enforceable under Dutch law, 
the Guarantor’s directors must determine that the granting of the Guarantee is in the Guarantor’s best corporate 
interest (vennootschappelijk belang), that the Guarantor benefits, either directly or indirectly, from the granting 
of the Guarantee, and that the granting of the Guarantee is contemplated and permitted by the Guarantor’s articles 
of association and corporate objectives. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes are subject to modification and waiver 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. Accordingly, the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon may be 
modified, the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes may be reduced or cancelled 
or the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons may be altered without the consent without the consent 
of all Noteholders.  
Payments on the Notes may be subject to withholding 
There may be situations in which payments by CNH Industrial on the Notes may be subject to withholding if 
CNH Industrial were deemed not to be exclusively tax resident in the United Kingdom. Should CNH Industrial 
be considered an Italian tax resident, payments on the Notes in favour of non-Italian Noteholders may be subject 
to taxation in Italy, which could result in additional costs for Noteholders which would not benefit from the gross-
up provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). See “Risk Factors — Risks Concerning the Ability of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor to Fulfil their Obligations Under the Notes — CNH Industrial operates and will continue to operate, 
as a company that is resident in the UK for tax purposes; other tax authorities may treat CNH Industrial as being 
tax resident elsewhere” for a discussion of the factors relating to the tax treatment of CNH Industrial. 
For a description of the tax implications of holding the Notes, see “Taxation”. 
For a description of the circumstances in which Noteholders will receive additional amounts in respect of any tax 
withheld from payments on the Notes, see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—7. Taxation”. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
The Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of their Specified Denomination 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination and 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in 
amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, 
as a result of such trading, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to the minimum Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination which is 
not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Laws may restrict certain investments in the Notes 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 42 ---
-22- 
 
 
 
 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change of law or administrative practice. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes and any such change could materially impact 
the value of the Notes affected by it. 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuers and the Guarantor may incur 
The terms and conditions relating to the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of indebtedness which 
the Issuers and the Guarantor may from time to time incur. In the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the 
Issuers or the Guarantor (where applicable), the Notes will rank equally with other unsecured senior indebtedness 
of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor and, accordingly, any increase in the amount of unsecured senior 
indebtedness of the Issuers or the Guarantor in the future may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders. In 
addition, the Notes are unsecured and, save as provided in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge), do not contain any 
restriction on the giving of security by the Issuers or the Guarantor over present and future indebtedness. Where 
security has been granted over assets of the Issuers or the Guarantor to secure indebtedness, in the event of any 
insolvency or winding-up of the Issuers or the Guarantor, such indebtedness will rank in priority over the Notes 
and other unsecured indebtedness of the Issuers or the Guarantor in respect of such assets. In relation to the assets 
and indebtedness of CNH Industrial’s direct and indirect subsidiaries, see also “– Risks Concerning the Ability of 
the Issuers and the Guarantor to Fulfil their Obligations under the Notes – CNH Industrial is a holding company, 
which creates structural subordination risks for the holders of the Notes”. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will 
have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer  
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. If the relevant Final Terms 
specify that the New Global Note form (“NGN Form”) is not applicable, such Global Note will be deposited with 
a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. If the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
new global note form is applicable, such Global Note will be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in certain limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes and, while the Notes are represented by the Global 
Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Notes by making payments to or to the order of the common depositary (in the case of Global Notes 
which are not in the NGN form) or, as the case may be, to or to the order of the common safekeeper (in the case 
of Global Notes in NGN form) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account 
holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for 
the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  
Holders of beneficial interests in any Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies.  
The Notes may not, or may cease to, satisfy the criteria to be recognised as eligible collateral for the Eurosystem 
The Notes may be issued in NGN Form. The NGN Form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of debt 
instruments being issued and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for 
monetary policy of the Eurosystem and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem upon issue or at any or all 
times during their existence. However, in any particular case such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time and the Notes may not, or may cease to, qualify as eligible 
collateral for the Eurosystem. Investors should make their own assessment as to whether the Notes meet such 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.

--- Page 43 ---
-23- 
 
 
 
 
Risks that May Be Related to Particular Series of Notes 
Different types of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
present particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the relevant 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that may convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate. When an Issuer has the right to effect such conversion, this will affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Notes since an Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If an Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such 
circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then-prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If an Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such 
circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then-prevailing rates on its Notes. 
 
 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Notes issued, if any, as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
green assets. 
In connection with the issue of “Green Bonds” under the Programme, prospective investors should have regard to 
the information in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus regarding such use of proceeds and 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such “Green 
Bonds”, together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given 
by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Dealers, the Arrangers nor any of their respective affiliates 
that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own governing documents or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental or green impact of any projects or uses that are the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Green Projects. 
No assurance can be given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Dealers, the Arrangers nor any 
of their respective affiliates that the Eligible Green Projects will meet investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such “green” or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a

--- Page 44 ---
-24- 
 
 
 
 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the so-called “EU Taxonomy”). Each prospective investor should 
have regard to the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent 
financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of such Green Bonds before deciding to 
invest.  
In connection with the issue of “Green Bonds” under the Programme, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may 
request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming 
that the Eligible Green Projects (as defined under “Use of Proceeds” below) have been defined in accordance with 
the broad categorisation of eligibility for green projects set out by the International Capital Market Association 
(“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles (“GBP”) and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes 
as an investment in connection with certain environmental and sustainability projects (any such second-party 
opinion, a “Second-party Opinion”). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value 
of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the 
relevant issue of Notes in the form of “Green Bonds”. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and would only be current as of the date it is released.  
No assurance or representation is given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Dealers, the 
Arrangers nor any of their respective affiliates as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any project to fulfil any 
environmental, green and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions or certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime 
or oversight. Investors in such Green Bonds shall have no recourse against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), the Dealers, the Arrangers or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of such 
opinion or certification. 
If any Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), or are 
included in any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, or other equivalently-labelled index or indices, no 
representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Dealers, the Arrangers 
nor any of their respective affiliates or any other person that such listing or admission, or inclusion in such index 
or indices, satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or social impact 
of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one 
stock exchange or securities market to another and also the criteria for inclusion in such index or indices may vary 
from one index to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), the Dealers, the Arrangers nor any of their respective affiliates or any other person that 
any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in any such index or indices, will be obtained in respect of 
any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in such index or 
indices, will be maintained during the life of such Green Bonds. 
Moreover, while it is the intention of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor to apply the proceeds of any Notes 
issued as Green Bonds to Eligible Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final 
Terms, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Green Projects 
will be available or capable of being implemented in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor will be able to use the proceeds for such Eligible Green Projects as intended. In addition, 
there can be no assurance that Eligible Green Projects will be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or 
outcomes (environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated. None of a failure by the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds to finance an Eligible Green 
Project, a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue

--- Page 45 ---
-25- 
 
 
 
 
of Green Bonds or the failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investors' expectations requirements 
regarding any “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or similar labels will constitute an Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 9 (Events of Default)) or breach of contract with respect to any Green Bond, and may affect the value 
of any particular Green Bond and/or have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green, social or sustainable assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result 
of the Notes not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
Neither the Dealers, the Arrangers nor any of their respective affiliates or any other person will verify or monitor 
the proposed use of proceeds of any Green Bonds. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates 
in the capital markets and their adoption as alternatives to Sterling or U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA and SOFR, 
including term SONIA and SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an 
average SONIA or SOFR rate over a designated term). The development of SONIA and SOFR rates as interest 
reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA and SOFR based rates for 
such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
The use of SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of the substance 
of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
bonds referencing SONIA and SOFR. In particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR 
methodologies have been used in SOFR linked notes issued to date and no assurance can be given that any 
particular methodology, including the compounding formula or the weighted average formula in the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs significantly 
from that set out in the terms and conditions as applicable to Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that may be 
issued under the Programme. Furthermore, the Issuers may in future issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR 
that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR 
that may be issued under the Programme. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA or SOFR 
reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of 
SONIA or SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Noteholders should carefully consider 
how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA or SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects and have a limited history. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that SONIA and SOFR are 
backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rates, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term 
and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR and 
SONIA or SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR 
is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over 
time to LIBOR which is an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other 
market rates. 
Publication of SONIA (in its current form) and SOFR began in April 2018 and they therefore have a limited 
history. The future performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited 
historical performance. The level of SONIA and SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation 
to the historical level of SONIA or SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables 
and their relation to SONIA and SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.

--- Page 46 ---
-26- 
 
 
 
 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest is only capable of being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable 
on Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without 
changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of Notes referencing 
SONIA or SOFR. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR become due 
and payable under Condition 9, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, 
the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period 
ending immediately prior to the date on which such Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR or 
discontinue SONIA or SOFR. 
The Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA or SOFR, 
may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, including changes 
related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions 
used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA or SOFR. In addition, the 
administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case 
a fall-back method of determining the interest rate on Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR will apply). The 
administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, 
revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
Investors may not have access to a liquid secondary market into which to sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the Notes 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar instruments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Investors will face the risks of exchange rate fluctuations and possible exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes, and the Guarantor will make any payments under 
the Guarantee (where applicable) in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
“Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. Appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to make payments 
in respect of the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
“benchmarks”

--- Page 47 ---
-27- 
 
 
 
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or any 
other interest rates or indices) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and has applied 
since 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
and as amended by the Benchmarks (Amendment and Transitional Provision) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 has 
applied in the UK since the end of the Brexit transition period on 31 December 2020 (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”). The Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU and the UK  
respectively. The Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, (i) require 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK-based, respectively to 
be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by, 
respectively, EU or UK supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU or non-UK based, respectively, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact 
on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark” (including EURIBOR), in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of a “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation 
or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant “benchmark”. 
Investors should be aware that the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among 
other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On May 11, 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage or prevent market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) 
lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR. See also “Risk 
Factors” – “Financial and Taxation Risk”- “The Group has significant outstanding indebtedness, which may limit 
its ability to obtain additional funding and may limit its financial and operating flexibility”. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmark. 
Fall-back arrangements in the event of a Benchmark Event 
The terms and conditions relating to the Notes provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 4(c)) (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent 
discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 4(c)) occurs, including, in respect of Notes 
not linked to SOFR, a requirement for the Issuer to use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser (as defined in Condition 4(c)), to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as defined in Condition

--- Page 48 ---
-28- 
 
 
 
 
4(c)) to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the terms and conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the terms and conditions of the 
Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 4(c)) may be determined by the 
Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread 
is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment 
Spread and even if an Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or 
eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders and Couponholders.  If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in 
Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current 
form. In certain circumstances the ultimate fall-back of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the 
Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. See the risk factor entitled “The Issuer may be 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of a Successor Rates and/or an Alternative Rates and the involvement of 
an Independent Adviser, the relevant fall-back provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. Any 
such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the possible cessation or reform of certain “benchmark” rates (such as EURIBOR) in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent Adviser is 
unable to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
will be the initial Rate of Interest. Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will result in Notes 
linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply, or if a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed 
rate Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
-29- 
 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents referred to in paragraphs (a) to (k) below have been filed with the Central Bank and shall be 
deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
The Consolidated Financial Statements (including consolidated income statement, consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of financial position, consolidated statement 
of cash flows, consolidated statement of changes in equity and notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements). 
(i) The consolidated financial statements of the CNH Industrial Group as of and for the financial year 
ended December 31, 2021 are set out on pages 147 to 241 of the Annual Report 2021, which is available 
on CNH Industrial’s website at the link below: 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/financial_information/annual_reports/CNHI_IFRS_Annual_Report_2021.pdf  
(ii) The consolidated financial statements of the CNH Industrial Group as of and for the financial year 
ended December 31, 2020 are set out on pages 128 to 209 of the Annual Report 2020, which is available 
on CNH Industrial’s website at the link below: 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/financial_information/annual_reports/CNH_Industrial_Annual_EU_report_2020_
final.pdf   
(b) 
The Company Financial Statements (including income statement, statement of financial position, and 
notes to the Company Financial Statements).  
(i) The company financial statements of CNH Industrial, as of and for the financial year ended December 
31, 2021 are set out on pages 242 to 273 of the Annual Report 2021, which is available on CNH 
Industrial’s website at the link below: 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/financial_information/annual_reports/CNHI_IFRS_Annual_Report_2021.pdf   
(ii) The company financial statements of CNH Industrial, as of and for the financial year ended December 
31, 2020 are set out on pages 210 to 237 of the Annual Report 2020, which is available on CNH 
Industrial’s website at the link below: 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/financial_information/annual_reports/CNH_Industrial_Annual_EU_report_2020_
final.pdf   
(c) 
(i) The independent auditors’ report on (A) the consolidated financial statements of the CNH Industrial  
Group, as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2021, and (B) the company financial 
statements of CNH Industrial, as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2021 is set out on 
pages 288 to 297 of the Annual Report 2021, which is available on CNH Industrial’s website at the link 
below: 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/financial_information/annual_reports/CNHI_IFRS_Annual_Report_2021.pdf   
 (ii) The independent auditors’ report on (A) the consolidated financial statements of the CNH Industrial 
Group, as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2020, and (B) the company financial 
statements of CNH Industrial, as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2020 is set out on 
pages 250 to 258 of the Annual Report 2020, which is available on CNH Industrial’s website at the link 
below:

--- Page 50 ---
-30- 
 
 
 
 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/financial_information/annual_reports/CNH_Industrial_Annual_EU_report_2020_
final.pdf   
(d) 
The CIFE Financial Statements (including balance sheet, profit and loss account and notes to the annual 
accounts), and the independent auditors’ report thereon. 
(i) The statutory financial statements of CIFE and the independent auditors’ report thereon as of and for 
the financial year ended December 31, 2021 are available on CNH Industrial’s website at the link below: 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/fixed_income_investors/medium_term_notes/financial_statements/CNH_Industri
al_Finance_Europe_S.A._Annual_Accounts_31.12.2021.pdf  
(ii) The statutory financial statements of CIFE and the independent auditors’ report thereon as of and for 
the financial year ended December 31, 2020 are available on CNH Industrial’s website at the link below: 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/fixed_income_investors/medium_term_notes/financial_statements/CIFE_31.12.2
020%20signed.pdf  
(e) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 46 to 85 of the base prospectus dated March 27, 2020 relating 
to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” available on CNH Industrial’s 
website at the link below: 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/fixed_income_investors/medium_term_notes/programme_documents/CNHI_EM
TN_Base%20Prospectus_27%2003%202020.PDF   
(f) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 46 to 86 of the base prospectus dated March 27, 2019 relating 
to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” available on CNH Industrial’s 
website at the link below: 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/fixed_income_investors/medium_term_notes/programme_documents/CNHI_EM
TN_Base_Prospectus_27032019.pdf  
(g) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 44 to 80 of the base prospectus dated March 28, 2018 relating 
to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” available on CNH Industrial’s 
website at the link below: 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/fixed_income_investors/medium_term_notes/programme_documents/CNHI_EM
TN_Base_Prospectus_28032018.pdf   
(h) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 53 to 90 of the base prospectus dated April 7, 2017 relating to 
the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” available on CNH Industrial’s 
website at the link below: 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/fixed_income_investors/medium_term_notes/programme_documents/CNH_Base
_Prospectus_(Final_Version).pdf  
(i) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 55 to 91 of the base prospectus dated April 26, 2016 relating 
to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” available on CNH Industrial’s 
website at the link below:

--- Page 51 ---
-31- 
 
 
 
 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/fixed_income_investors/medium_term_notes/programme_documents/LONDON-
533989-v3-CNH_-_Base_Prospectus_-_GMTN_Programme_2016.pdf   
(j) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 45 to 82 of the base prospectus dated April 28, 2015 relating 
to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” available on CNH Industrial’s 
website at the link below: 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/fixed_income_investors/medium_term_notes/programme_documents/2015_GMT
N_Programme_Base_Prospectus_April_2015.pdf    
(k) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 44 to 82 of the base prospectus dated November 15, 2013 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” available on CNH 
Industrial’s website at the link below: 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/fixed_income_investors/medium_term_notes/programme_documents/CNH_Indu
strial_GMTN_Base_Prospectus_2013.pdf  
Non-incorporated parts of a document referred to in (a) to (k) above are either not relevant for an investor or are 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus 
has been delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference unless such documents have been modified or superseded. Requests for such 
documents should be directed to any Issuer or the Guarantor at its address set out at the end of the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus is available on CNH Industrial’s website at https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/fixed_income_investors/medium_term_notes/Pages/programme.aspx. 
Copies 
of 
the 
documents incorporated by reference herein may be physically inspected at the offices of the Paying Agent in 
Ireland for the life of the Base Prospectus and will also be available on the website of CNH Industrial at the links 
referred to above. CNH Industrial’s website, as well as its content (except for the documents available at the links 
mentioned above to the extent incorporated by reference herein), do not form part of the Base Prospectus and have 
not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor will, in connection with the listing of the Notes on Euronext Dublin, so long as any 
Notes remain outstanding and listed on such exchange, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus, prepare a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a new Base Prospectus as may 
be required under the Prospectus Regulation for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Notes to be 
listed on Euronext Dublin. Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any information or in any of the 
documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be modified or superseded 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently 
incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes such statement provided that such modifying or superseding 
statement is made by way of a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner that would make the Base Prospectus, as so 
modified or amended, inaccurate or misleading, a new base prospectus will be prepared.

--- Page 52 ---
-32- 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form, with or without interest coupons (“Coupons”) attached. The Notes 
will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note 
(a “Temporary Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
“Permanent Global Note” and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a “Global Note”) which, in either 
case, will: 
(a) 
if, in respect of any Notes other than CMU Notes, the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new 
global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(c) 
in respect of Global Notes representing CMU Notes, be delivered to a sub-custodian nominated by the 
HKMA as operator of the CMU Service. 
In the case of each Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify whether United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation Section including, without limitation, 
regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection 
with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (“TEFRA C”) or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation Section including, without limitation, 
regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection 
with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (“TEFRA D”) are applicable in relation to 
the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than one year, that neither TEFRA C nor TEFRA D is 
applicable. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant 
Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other 
amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against 
presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of 
interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. 
person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by (in the case of the Notes other than CMU 
Notes) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (in case of 
CMU Notes) the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent and (in the case of a Temporary Global Note delivered to the 
Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is, in respect of each Tranche in respect of which a Temporary 
Global Note is issued, 40 days after the Temporary Global Note is issued, interests in such Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either for (i) interests in a 
Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, 
interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and in the case of definitive Notes, 
subject to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), and (iii) in each case, against

--- Page 53 ---
-33- 
 
 
 
 
certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided 
that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Notes. The 
holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. The CMU 
Service may require that any such exchange for a Permanent Global Note is made in whole and not in part, and in 
such event no such exchange will be effected until all relevant account holders (as set out in the records of the 
CMU) have so certified. The CMU Service may require the issue and deposit of such Permanent Global Note with 
its sub-custodian without permitting the withdrawal of the Temporary Global Note so exchanged, although any 
interests exchanged thereon shall have been properly effected in its records. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note issued in exchange for 
a Temporary Global Note, or issued pursuant to TEFRA C, will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Note (if the Permanent Global 
Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
In respect of a Global Note held through the CMU Service, payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other 
amounts will be made to the person(s) for whose account(s) interests in the relevant Global Note are credited (as 
set out in the records of the CMU ) and, save in the case of final payment, no presentation of the relevant Global 
Note shall be required for such purpose. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached either (a) 
upon not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein and/or (in 
the case of CMU Notes) from the relevant accountholders therein to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent as 
described therein, or (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred 
and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream and, in the case of 
CMU Notes, the CMU Service have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or will become subject 
to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global 
Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) and/or in the 
case of CMU Notes), the relevant accountholders therein, may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent, requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
or, as the case may be, the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent, requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur 
not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent. 
Where TEFRA D or TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following legend will appear on all 
Notes and on all interest coupons relating to all such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Notes or Coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, 
redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or Coupons.

--- Page 54 ---
-34- 
 
 
 
 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable, and payment in respect of them will only 
be made, in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream or the CMU 
Service, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent shall arrange that, when a Tranche of Notes is 
issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CMU instrument number which are 
different from the common code, ISIN and, where applicable, CMU instrument number assigned to Notes of any 
other Tranche of the same Series. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream or the 
CMU Service each person (other than Euroclear, Clearstream or the CMU Service) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream or the CMU Service, as applicable, as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream 
or the CMU Service, as applicable, as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other 
than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose 
the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and their agents as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the relevant Global 
Note, and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notwithstanding the above, if a Note (whether in global or definitive form) is held through the CMU Service, any 
payment that is made in respect of such Note shall be made to, or to the order of, the person(s) for whose account(s) 
interests in such Note are credited as being held through the CMU Service in accordance with prevailing CMU 
rules and procedures at the relevant time and such payments shall discharge the obligation of the relevant Issuer 
in respect of that payment under such Note. 
 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or the CMU Service shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated automatically by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9. 
In such circumstances, if any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) 
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full 
of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then, unless within the 
period of seven days commencing on the relevant due date, payment in full of the amount due in respect of the 
Global Note, is received by the bearer, as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note, 
holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or the 
CMU Service, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer on the basis 
of statements of account provided by Euroclear, Clearstream and/or the CMU Service on and subject to the terms 
of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated April 7, 2017 and executed by the Issuers.

--- Page 55 ---
-35- 
 
 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]

--- Page 56 ---
-36- 
 
 
 
 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) - In connection with Section 309B of the 
SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
are [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).1 
[Date] 
[CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. / CNH INDUSTRIAL FINANCE EUROPE S.A. organised and existing under the 
laws of Luxembourg, with its registered office at 291, route d’Arlon L-1150, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under number B-155849] 
 
CNH Industrial N.V. Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300WGC2HZ5J67V817 
CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493007GVB1I2FDSS786 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by CNH Industrial N.V.] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated April 7, 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [ ] (together, the “Base 
Prospectus”) [which together constitute] [which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)]†. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]‡ and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available 
for viewing at http://cnhindustrial.com/en-US/Pages/HomePage.aspx2 and copies may be obtained from the Issuer 
[and the Guarantor] at [its/their respective] [principal][and][registered] office[s]. CNH Industrial’s website, as 
well as its content (except for any documents available at the links referred to in the Base Prospectus to the extent 
incorporated by reference therein) do not form part of the Base Prospectus or of these Final Terms and have not 
been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [November 15, 2013] [April 28, 2015] [April 26, 2016] [April 7, 2017] [March 28, 2018] [March 
27, 2019] [March 27, 2020], which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated April 7, 2022. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplement[s] dated [ ] 
(together, the “Base Prospectus”) [which together constitute] [which constitutes] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]3, including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus, in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms are available for 
viewing at http://cnhindustrial.com/en-US/Pages/HomePage.aspx3 and copies may be obtained from the Issuer 
[and the Guarantor] at [its/their respective] [principal][and][registered] office[s]. CNH Industrial’s website, as 
                                                 
1  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of 
the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
†  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
‡  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
2  
To be confirmed prior to publication 
3  
To be confirmed prior to publication.

--- Page 57 ---
-37- 
 
 
 
 
well as its content (except for any documents available at the links referred to in the Base Prospectus to the extent 
incorporated by reference therein) do not form part of the Base Prospectus or of these Final Terms and have not 
been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes must be redeemed before the first anniversary of their date of issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1.  
(i) 
Issuer: 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[CNH Industrial N.V. / CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A.] 
 
[CNH Industrial N.V. / Not Applicable] 
2.  
(i) 
Series Number: 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 26 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]]/ Not Applicable] 
3.  
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
4.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
(i) 
Series: 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[   ] 
[   ] 
5.  
Issue Price: 
[  ] percent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
Interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6.  
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[   ] 
(Notes must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 or 
equivalent.  Where multiple denominations above [€100,000] or 
equivalent are being used the following sample wording should 
be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
up to and including [€199,000].  No Notes in definitive form will 
be issued with a denomination above [€199,000].”) 
(N.B.  If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT admitted to trading on a 
European Economic Area exchange; and (ii) only offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus 
is not required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, 
the €100,000 minimum denomination is not required) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[ ] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common factor in the case 
of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7.  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[   ] 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 58 ---
-38- 
 
 
 
 
(N.B.  An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8.  
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
(N.B. for certain Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to modification it will be necessary to use the 
second option.) 
 
9.  
Interest Basis: 
[[  ] percent Fixed Rate]  
[[  ]-month [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] +/- [   ] percent Floating 
Rate] [Zero Coupon]  
(see paragraph[s] [16], [17], [18] below)  
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 percent of 
their nominal amount. 
11. Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date, up to (but excluding) [date], paragraph [16/17] applies, and 
for the period from (and including) [date], up to (and including) 
the Maturity Date, paragraph [16/17] applies/Not Applicable] 
12. Alternative Currency Equivalent: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs.) 
 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Alternative Currency 
Calculation Agent: 
[   ] 
 
(iii) 
Rate Calculation Jurisdiction: 
[   ] 
 
(iv) 
Rate Calculation Business 
Days: 
 [   ] 
 
 
[(v)  Spot Rate Screen Page: 
[  ]  
 
[(vi) Non-deliverable Spot Rate 
Screen Page: 
 
[  ]  
 
[(vii) Spot Rate Calculation Time: 
[  ]  
13. Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-whole Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
(see paragraph[s] [19] [20] [21] [22] and [23] below) 
14. [Date [board of directors’] approval for 
issuance of Notes [and Guarantee] 
obtained]: 
 
[   ] [and [   ] respectively] 
(N.B.  Only relevant where board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes or related 
Guarantee)

--- Page 59 ---
-39- 
 
 
 
 
15. Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[ 
] 
percent 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(N.B.  This will need to be amended in the case of long or short 
coupons) 
 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s):  
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[   ] per Calculation Amount  
 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s):  
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [   ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/] 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year/Not Applicable] 
[Insert interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.] (N.B.  This 
will need to be amended in the case of regular interest payment 
dates which are not of equal duration.)  
(N.B.  Only relevant where Fixed Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
17. Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[   ] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
 
 
[   ] 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[   ]-month [EURIBOR] 
[SONIA][SOFR]

--- Page 60 ---
-40- 
 
 
 
 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[   ] 
[(the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR] 
[[   ] Business Day[s] prior to the end of each Interest Period or, 
if earlier, prior to the date on which the Notes are redeemed]4 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is 
a page which shows a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
 
– Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Index Determination] 
 
– Compounded Index: 
[SONIA Compounded Index/SOFR Compounded Index/Not 
Applicable] 
 
– Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
– Observation Look-back Period: 
[   ]/Not Applicable5 
 
– ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] – applicable if SOFR is the 
Reference Rate only 
 
– D: 
[365/360/[  ]] 
 
– Relevant Decimal Place: 
[five/seven/[  ]] 
 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph (vii)) 
[[(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected below, 
note 
that 
“Administrator/Benchmark 
Event”, 
“Generic 
Fallbacks” 
and 
“Calculation 
Agent 
Alternative 
Rate 
Determination” are not workable in a notes context. 
Amendments will therefore need to be made to the Conditions 
which will require a Prospectus Regulation drawdown 
prospectus for the issue).] 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[   ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a Floating 
Rate Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
– Reset Date: 
 
 
[   ]  
(N.B.  In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
                                                 
4  
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA or SOFR, without the 
prior agreement of the Agent. 
5  
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest 
Determination Date. “Observation Look-back Period” is only applicable where “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is selected as the 
Observation Method; otherwise, select “Not Applicable”.

--- Page 61 ---
-41- 
 
 
 
 
[- Compounding:  
 
 
- Compounding Method:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Averaging:  
 
 
- Averaging Method:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)]] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift Observation 
Period Shift: [[] Observation Period Shift Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: []/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout:  
 
Lookout [[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
[Averaging with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)]] 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift Observation Period 
Shift: [[] Observation Period Shift Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: []/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
 
Lockout: [[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable Business Days]]

--- Page 62 ---
-42- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Index provisions: 
 
 
 
- Index Method:   
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(viii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
 
(ix) Margin(s): 
[+/-][   ] percent per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] percent per annum 
 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] percent per annum 
 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 or Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
18. Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] percent per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[   ] 
 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment in accordance with 
Conditions 6(h)(iii) and (i):  
 
 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[   ]

--- Page 63 ---
-43- 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) [If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption   
Amount: 
[  ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption   
Amount: 
[  ]] 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions):6 
[[   ] / Not applicable] 
20. Make-whole Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(v) 
Reference Bond: 
[   ]  
 
(vi) Make-whole Margin: 
[   ] 
 
(vii) Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions)7: 
[Minimum period: [  ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [  ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Parties to be notified (if other than 
the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent) 
[[   ] / Not applicable] 
21. Clean-up Call: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Clean-up Call Threshold (if other than 
as set in the Conditions): 
[   ]/[As set out in Condition 6(d)] 
 
Notice periods (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [   ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [   ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
22. Issuer Maturity Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Notice periods (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [   ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [   ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Maturity Par Call Period: 
From (and including) [   ] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
23. Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[   ] 
                                                 
6  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its principal paying agent. 
7  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its principal paying agent.

--- Page 64 ---
-44- 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
24. Final Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
25. Early Redemption Amount of each note 
payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for definitive Notes [on 60 days’ 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]. 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes on 
and after the Exchange Date.] 
 [Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes [on 
60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the “Form of 
the Notes” section in the Base Prospectus and the Notes 
themselves.  N.B.  The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: “[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes 
which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for definitive Notes) 
27. New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
28. Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[[Not Applicable/[give details]] (Note that this item relates to the 
place of payment and not Interest Period end dates to which item 
17(iii) relates) 
29. Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, Talons 
may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more than 
27 coupon payments are still to be made.  The Talon will mature 
on the Specified Interest Payment Date falling on [month] [year] 
(insert the [25th] Specified Interest Payment Date)/No.] 
 
 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin of the Notes described herein pursuant to the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. as Issuer and CNH Industrial as Issuer and Guarantor. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[Each of the][The] Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in these Final 
Terms. [[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [   ].  [Each of the][The] Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] confirm[s] that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by [  ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor:

--- Page 65 ---
-45- 
 
 
 
 
By: 
By: 
 
 ---------------------------  
 
 ---------------------------  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 66 ---
-46- 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext Dublin/None] 
[Application [has been]/[will be] made to Euronext Dublin for 
the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its 
regulated market with effect from [   ].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
[   ] 
2. 
RATINGS   
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be]/[have 
not been] rated[:][.] 
[S&P: 
[   ]] 
[Moody’s:  [   ]] 
[Fitch:  
[   ]] 
[[[EU established/EU registered CRA] is established in the 
[European Union] and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009/EC (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”), and is 
included in the list of registered and certified credit ratings 
agencies published on the website of the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. The ESMA’s website and its content do not form 
part of the Base Prospectus or of these Final Terms and have 
not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland.] 
[[Non-EU established /EU certified CRA] is not established in 
the European Union but has been certified under the CRA 
Regulation and is included in the list of registered and certified 
credit rating agencies published on the web site of the ESMA. 
The ESMA’s website and its content do not form part of the 
Base Prospectus or these Final Terms and have not been 
scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.] 
[[Non-EU established CRA/non-EU certified CRA] is not 
established in the European Union and is not registered or 
certified under the CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
In general, and subject to certain exceptions, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a credit rating for 
regulatory purposes if such credit rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. 
Subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set out in Article 4(3) 
of the CRA Regulation, a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (an “EU CRA”) may endorse (for regulatory

--- Page 67 ---
-47- 
 
 
 
 
purposes in the European Union) credit ratings issued outside 
the European Union where (i) the credit rating activities 
resulting in the issuing of the credit rating are undertaken in 
whole or in part by a credit rating agency or credit rating 
agencies belonging to the same group (a “non-EU CRA”); and 
(ii) the EU CRA has verified and is able to demonstrate on an 
ongoing basis to ESMA that the conduct of the credit rating 
activities by the non-EU CRA resulting in the issuing of the 
credit rating to be endorsed fulfils requirements which are “at 
least as stringent as” the requirements of the CRA Regulation. 
[On [date of decision], ESMA announced that it considers the 
regulatory framework for credit rating agencies established in 
[country of non-EU established CRA/non-EU certified CRA] to 
be “as stringent as” the requirements of the CRA Regulation. 
[EU-established/EU-registered 
affiliate 
of 
non-EU 
established/non-EU certified CRA] currently endorses credit 
ratings issued by [non-EU established /non-EU certified CRA] 
for regulatory purposes in the European Union. [EU-
established/EU-registered affiliate of non-EU established/ 
non-EU certified CRA] has been registered under the CRA 
Regulation and appears on the list of registered credit rating 
agencies on ESMA’s website. The ESMA’s website and its 
content do not form part of the Base Prospectus or of these Final 
Terms and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland. There can be no assurance that [EU-
established/ 
EU-registered 
affiliate 
of 
non-EU 
established/non-EU certified CRA] will continue to endorse 
credit ratings issued by [non-EU established/non-EU certified  
CRA].]] 
In addition, subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set out in 
Article 5 and elsewhere in the CRA Regulation, credit ratings 
that are related to entities established or financial instruments 
issued in countries outside the European Union and that are 
issued by a credit rating agency established in a country outside 
the European Union may only be used for regulatory purposes 
within the European Union without being endorsed under 
Article 4(3) of the CRA Regulation if (amongst other 
requirements) the European Commission has adopted an 
equivalence decision in accordance with Article 5(6) of the 
CRA Regulation, recognising the legal and supervisory 
framework of the relevant country as equivalent to the 
requirements of the CRA Regulation. 
[On [date of decision], the European Commission passed 
Implementing Decision [decision number] which provided that 
the legal and supervisory framework for credit rating agencies 
in [country in which non-EU established / EU certified CRA is 
established] shall be considered equivalent to the requirements 
of the CRA Regulation.] 
(The above disclosure should be amended to reflect (i) the 
rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically 
rated, that rating; and/or (ii) the credit rating agency issuing 
the credit rating, in each case in accordance with the 
applicable requirements of the CRA Regulation.) 
 
 
 [[[UK established/UK registered CRA] is established in the 
[United Kingdom] and is registered under Regulation (EC) No.

--- Page 68 ---
-48- 
 
 
 
 
1060/2009/EC as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by 
the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019 (the “UK CRA Regulation”), and is included 
in the list of registered and certified credit ratings agencies 
published on the website of the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (“FCA”) in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. The FCA’s website and its content do not form part 
of the Base Prospectus or of these Final Terms and have not 
been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.] 
[[Non-UK established /UK certified CRA] is not established in 
the United Kingdom but has been certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation and is included in the list of registered and certified 
credit rating agencies published on the website of the FCA. The 
FCA’s website and its content do not form part of the Base 
Prospectus or these Final Terms and have not been scrutinised 
or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.] 
[[Non-UK established CRA/non-UK certified CRA] is not 
established in the UK and is not registered or certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
In general, and subject to certain exceptions, United Kingdom 
regulated investors are restricted from using a credit rating for 
regulatory purposes if such credit rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set out in Article 4(3) 
of the UK CRA Regulation, a credit rating agency established 
in the United Kingdom and registered in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation (a “UK CRA”) may endorse (for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom) credit ratings 
issued outside the United Kingdom where (i) the credit rating 
activities resulting in the issuing of the credit rating are 
undertaken in whole or in part by a credit rating agency or credit 
rating agencies belonging to the same group (a “non-UK 
CRA”); and (ii) the UK CRA has verified and is able to 
demonstrate on an ongoing basis to the FCA that the conduct 
of the credit rating activities by the non-UK CRA resulting in 
the issuing of the credit rating to be endorsed fulfils 
requirements which are “at least as stringent as” the 
requirements of the UK CRA Regulation. 
[On [date of decision], the FCA announced that it considers the 
regulatory framework for credit rating agencies established in 
[country of non-UK established CRA/non-EU certified CRA] to 
be “as stringent as” the requirements of the UK CRA 
Regulation. [UK-established/UK-registered affiliate of non-
UK established/non-UK certified CRA] currently endorses 
credit ratings issued by [non-UK established /non-UK certified 
CRA] for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom. [UK-
established/UK-registered affiliate of non-UK established/ 
non-UK certified CRA] has been registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation and appears on the list of registered credit rating 
agencies on the FCA’s website. The FCA’s website and its 
content do not form part of the Base Prospectus or of these Final

--- Page 69 ---
-49- 
 
 
 
 
Terms and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland. There can be no assurance that [UK-
established/ 
UK-registered 
affiliate 
of 
non-UK 
established/non-UK certified CRA] will continue to endorse 
credit ratings issued by [non-UK established/non-UK certified  
CRA].]] 
In addition, subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set out in 
Article 5 and elsewhere in the UK CRA Regulation, credit 
ratings that are related to entities established or financial 
instruments issued in countries outside the United Kingdom 
and that are issued by a credit rating agency established in a 
country outside the United Kingdom may only be used for 
regulatory purposes within the United Kingdom without being 
endorsed under Article 4(3) of the UK CRA Regulation if 
(amongst other requirements) HM Treasury has made 
regulations in accordance with Article 5(6) of the UK CRA 
Regulation, recognising the legal and supervisory framework 
of the relevant country as equivalent to the requirements of the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
[On [date of regulations coming into effect], [insert name of 
regulations], which provide that the legal and supervisory 
framework for credit rating agencies in [country in which non-
UK established / UK certified CRA is established] shall be 
considered equivalent to the requirements of the UK CRA 
Regulation, came into effect.] 
(The above disclosure should be amended to reflect (i) the 
rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically 
rated, that rating; and/or (ii) the credit rating agency issuing 
the credit rating, in each case in accordance with the 
applicable requirements of the UK CRA Regulation.) 
 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 [Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes] 
(Delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph if 
Eligible Green Projects are not relevant. Otherwise, insert the 
details below, to the extent known at the date of the Final 
Terms.  
[The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible 
Green Projects, as set out in further detail below.] 
 
 Eligible Green Projects 
[   ] [(if applicable, describe Eligible Green Projects and/or 
availability of any relevant framework, third party opinions 
and/or where information can be obtained)]  
 Periodic updates 
[insert details of periodic updates, including an updated list of 
the relevant projects financed or refinanced with the net 
proceeds of the Notes and the amounts allocated, any ongoing 
process of verification, as well as any other relevant 
information]

--- Page 70 ---
-50- 
 
 
 
 
 Estimated net proceeds: 
[    ] 
4. 
NOTIFICATION 
[The [name of competent authority in home member state] [has been requested to provide/has provided – 
include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the 
Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [names of competent authorities of host 
member states] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of June 14, 2017.] 
 
5. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: 
“Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
(including parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] 
and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business.” [Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests]] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
6. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[   ] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, name of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category: 2] 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
(vii) [Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 71 ---
-51- 
 
 
 
 
 
(Where the Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers is 
specified to be “Not Applicable”, Belgian law advice should 
be sought in relation to the applicable Final Terms.) 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) Common Code: 
[   ] 
 
(iii) CMU Instrument Number: 
[Not Applicable]/ [   ]] 
 
(iv) CFI: 
[[See/[[ ], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
 
(v) 
FISN 
[[See/[[ ], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
 
(vi) Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV  
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[The Notes will be cleared through the Central Moneymarkets 
Unit Service.] 
 
(vii) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(viii) Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s), if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and address(es)] 
 
(ix) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with Euroclear 
or Clearstream as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra- day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/  
[No. Whilst the Notes designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]]

--- Page 72 ---
-52- 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each Global 
Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange 
(if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in case of Guaranteed Notes) and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes shall complete 
the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should 
be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of the Final Terms which will specify which 
of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined 
below).  References herein to the “Issuer” shall be references to the party specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement 
(such Amended and Restated Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated April 7, 2022 and made between (inter alia) the Issuers, CNH Industrial 
N.V. in its capacity as Guarantor (as defined below), Citibank, N.A., London office as issuing and principal paying 
agent (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent), 
Citicorp International Limited as lodging and paying agent with respect to the CMU Notes (the “CMU Lodging 
and Paying Agent,” which expression shall include any successor lodging and paying agent), the other paying 
agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent and the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent, the 
“Paying Agents,” which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”), all references to the Principal Paying Agent 
shall, with respect to a Series of Notes to be held in the CMU Service (as defined below), be deemed to be a 
reference to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent (other than in relation to the determination of interest and other 
amounts payable in respect of the Notes) and all such references shall be construed accordingly. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached 
on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to 
include a reference to Talons or talons.  Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note and complete these Conditions and, in the case of a Note which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions, 
replace or modify these Conditions for the purpose of this Note.  References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, 
unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed 
on this Note. 
The payment of all amounts in respect of Notes issued by CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. (the “Guaranteed 
Notes”) shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by CNH Industrial N.V. (in such capacity, the 
“Guarantor”) pursuant to a guarantee (such guarantee as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time

--- Page 73 ---
-53- 
 
 
 
 
to time, the “Guarantee”) dated April 7, 2017 executed by the Guarantor. Under the Guarantee, CNH Industrial 
N.V. has guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all amounts due under such Guaranteed Notes. 
The original of the Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, in each case of the Guaranteed Notes, at its specified office. References herein to the Guarantor 
shall only be relevant where the Issuer is CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and shall, 
in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. 
Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and “Series” 
means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which (i) are expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which 
are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from 
which interest starts to accrue.  
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the deed of covenant (such deed of covenant 
as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated April 7, 2017 
and made (inter alia) by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the Common Depositary for 
Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the CMU Lodging and Paying 
Agent and the other Paying Agents (such agents being together referred to as the “Agents”). Copies of the 
applicable Final Terms are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Agents 
save that, if this Note is an unlisted Note of any Series, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a 
Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and 
the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement, the Guarantee (where applicable), the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated; 
provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In these Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable.

--- Page 74 ---
-54- 
 
 
 
 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and any Agent will 
(except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute 
owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon 
or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”), and/or the Hong Kong 
Monetary Authority (“HKMA”) as operator of the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service (the “CMU 
Service” or “CMU”), each person (other than Euroclear, Clearstream or the CMU Service) who is for the 
time being shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream or the CMU Service as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear, Clearstream or the CMU Service as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the Agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or 
interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and any Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note 
and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly.  Payment in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will only be made in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream or the CMU Service, as the 
case may be. 
Notwithstanding the above, if a Note (whether in global or definitive form) is held through the CMU 
Service, any payment that is made in respect of such Note shall be made to, or to the order of, the person(s) 
for whose account(s) interests in such Note are credited as being held through the CMU Service in 
accordance with prevailing CMU rules and procedures at the relevant time and such payments shall 
discharge the obligation of the relevant Issuer in respect of that payment under such Note. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream and/or the CMU Service, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear, Clearstream and/or the CMU Service shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes and any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and (subject as aforesaid) rank and will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves, with all other present and future outstanding unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer (subject to mandatorily preferred obligations under applicable laws). 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Guaranteed 
Notes and any related Coupons has been irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (subject as aforesaid) rank and will rank pari passu 
(subject to mandatorily preferred obligations under applicable laws) with all other present and 
future outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
(a) 
Negative Pledge: So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (where applicable) will (unless previously

--- Page 75 ---
-55- 
 
 
 
 
authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the 
Noteholders) create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, encumbrance or 
other security interest (“Lien”) (other than a Permitted Lien) upon the whole or any part of its 
undertaking or assets (including uncalled capital), present or future, to secure any Quoted 
Indebtedness (as defined below) or any Qualifying Guarantee of such Quoted Indebtedness, 
unless in any such case the same security (or such other security as may be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders) shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably 
to the Notes (or, in the case of a Lien securing any Quoted Indebtedness that is subordinated or 
junior in right of payment to the Notes or the Guarantee (where applicable), secured by a Lien 
on such property, assets or proceeds that is senior in priority to such Lien). 
For the purpose of these Conditions and the Guarantee (where applicable): 
(i) 
“CNH Industrial Group” means CNH Industrial and its direct and indirect subsidiaries 
consolidated in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued 
by the International Accounting Standards Board, including all interpretations issued 
by the IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European Union 
(or, in the event that CNH Industrial prepares its consolidated financial statements 
solely in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. 
GAAP”) rather than IFRS as adopted by the European Union, consolidated in 
accordance with U.S. GAAP);   
(ii) 
“Financial Services Subsidiary” means a subsidiary of CNH Industrial: 
(A) 
which carries on no material business other than the offer and sale of financial 
services products to customers of Members of the CNH Industrial Group (and 
other related support activities incidental to the offer and sale of such financial 
services products including, without limitation, input financing and the 
purchase and sale of equipment in connection with eqpower.com and rental 
business activities) in any of the following areas: 
(1) 
retail financing for the purchase, contract hire or lease of new or old 
equipment manufactured by a Member of the CNH Industrial Group 
or any other manufacturer whose products are from time to time sold 
through the dealer network of a Member of the CNH Industrial Group; 
(2) 
other retail and wholesale financing programmes reasonably related 
thereto, including, without limitation, financing to the dealer network 
of any Member of the CNH Industrial Group; 
(3) 
insurance and credit card products and services reasonably related 
thereto, together with the underwriting, marketing, servicing and 
other related support activities incidental to the offer and sale of such 
financial services products; and 
(4) 
licensed banking activities; or 
(B) 
a holding company of a Financial Services Subsidiary which carries on no 
material business or activity other than holding shares in that Financial 
Services Subsidiary and/or activities described in paragraph (A) above; 
(iii) 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness (whether principal, premium or interest) for 
or in respect of (A) any notes, bonds, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities, 
(B) any Loan Financing, or (C) any liability under or in respect of any banker’s 
acceptance or banker’s acceptance credit; provided, that (x) Indebtedness of a Member 
of the CNH Industrial Group to any other Member of the CNH Industrial Group and 
(y) Indebtedness that qualifies as Non-recourse Securitisation Debt shall, in each case,

--- Page 76 ---
-56- 
 
 
 
 
not be deemed to be Indebtedness for purposes of this Condition 3(a) or any other 
purpose of these Conditions or the Guarantee (where applicable); 
(iv) 
“Industrial Subsidiary” means each subsidiary of CNH Industrial other than a Financial 
Services Subsidiary; 
(v) 
“Loan Financing” means any money borrowed from (A) a bank, financial institution, 
hedge fund, pension fund, or insurance company or (B) any other entity having as its 
principal business the lending of money and/or investing in loans, in each case other 
than public or quasi-public entities or international organisations with a public or 
quasi-public character; 
(vi) 
“Member of the CNH Industrial Group” means each of CNH Industrial and any direct 
or indirect subsidiaries it fully consolidates on a line-by-line basis in accordance with 
IFRS as adopted by the European Union (or U.S. GAAP, in the event that CNH 
Industrial prepares its consolidated financial statements solely in accordance with U.S. 
GAAP, rather than IFRS as adopted by the European Union);  
(vii) 
“Non-recourse Securitisation” means any securitisation, asset backed financing or 
transaction having similar effect under which an entity (or entities in related 
transactions) on commercially reasonable terms: 
(A) 
acquires receivables for principally cash consideration or uses existing 
receivables; and 
(B) 
issues any notes, bonds, commercial paper, loans or other securities (whether 
or not listed on a recognised stock exchange) to fund the purchase of or 
otherwise backed by those receivables and/or any shares or other interests 
referred to in Condition 3(a)(ix)(C)(2) and the payment obligations in respect 
of such notes, bonds, commercial paper, loans or other securities: 
(1) 
are secured on those receivables; and 
(2) 
are not guaranteed by any Member of the CNH Industrial Group 
(other than as a result of any Lien which is granted by any Member 
of the CNH Industrial Group as permitted by Condition 3(a)(ix)(C)(2) 
or as to the extent of any Standard Securitisation Undertakings); 
(viii) 
“Non-recourse Securitisation Debt” means any Indebtedness incurred by a 
Securitisation Entity pursuant to a securitisation of receivables where the recourse in 
respect of that Indebtedness to the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) is limited 
to: 
(A) 
those receivables and/or related insurance and/or any Standard Securitisation 
Undertakings; and 
(B) 
if those receivables comprise all or substantially all of the business or assets 
of such Securitisation Entity, the shares or other interests of any Member of 
the CNH Industrial Group in such Securitisation Entity, 
provided that any Indebtedness not qualifying as Non-recourse Securitisation Debt 
solely because the extent of recourse to any Member of the CNH Industrial Group with 
respect to such Indebtedness is greater than that provided in clauses (A) and (B) above 
shall only not qualify as Non-recourse Securitisation Debt with respect to the extent of 
such additional recourse; 
(ix) 
“Permitted Liens” means:

--- Page 77 ---
-57- 
 
 
 
 
(A) 
Liens existing on the Issue Date; or 
(B) 
Liens arising by operation of law, by contract having an equivalent effect, 
from rights of set-off arising in the ordinary course of business between either 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) and any of their respective 
suppliers or customers, or from rights of set-off or netting arising by operation 
of law (or by contract having similar effect) by virtue of the provision to the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) of clearing bank facilities or 
overdraft facilities; or 
(C) 
any Lien over: 
(1) 
the receivables of a Securitisation Entity (and any bank account to 
which such proceeds are deposited) which are subject to a Non-
recourse Securitisation as security for Non-recourse Securitisation 
Debt raised by such Securitisation Entity in respect of such 
receivables; and/or 
(2) 
the shares or other interests owned by any Member of the CNH 
Industrial Group in any Securitisation Entity as security for Non-
recourse Securitisation Debt raised by such Securitisation Entity 
provided that the receivables or revenues which are the subject of the 
relevant Non-recourse Securitisation comprise all or substantially all 
of the business of such Securitisation Entity; or 
(D) 
any Liens on assets acquired by a Member of the CNH Industrial Group after 
the Issue Date, provided that (i) such Lien was existing or agreed to be created 
at or before the time the relevant asset was acquired by a Member of the CNH 
Industrial Group, (ii) such Lien was not created in contemplation of such 
acquisition, and (iii) the principal amount then secured does not exceed the 
principal amount of the committed financing then secured (whether or not 
drawn), with respect to such assets at the time the relevant asset was acquired 
by a Member of the CNH Industrial Group; or 
(E) 
any Lien created to secure all or any part of the purchase price, or to secure 
Quoted Indebtedness incurred or assumed to pay all or any part of the purchase 
price or cost of construction, of property (or any improvement thereon) 
acquired or constructed by the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) after 
the Issue Date, provided, that (i) any such Lien shall extend solely to the item 
or items of property (or improvement thereon) so acquired or constructed and 
(ii) the principal amount of Quoted Indebtedness secured by any such Lien 
shall at no time exceed an amount equal to the fair market value of such 
property (or any improvement thereon) at the time of such acquisition or 
construction; or 
(F) 
any Lien securing Quoted Indebtedness incurred to refinance other 
indebtedness itself secured by a Lien included in clauses (A), (B), (D) or (E) 
above, but only if the principal amount of the Quoted Indebtedness is not 
increased and only the same assets are secured as were secured by the prior 
Lien; or 
(G) 
any Lien provided in favour of any bank or governmental (central or local), 
intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or other 
authority securing any Quoted Indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(where applicable) under a loan scheme operated by (or on behalf of) Banco 
Nacional de Desenvolvimento Economico e Social, Finame, Banco de Minas 
Gerais, a member country of the OECD, Argentina, Brazil, China, India,

--- Page 78 ---
-58- 
 
 
 
 
South Africa or any supranational entity (such as the European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development or the International Finance Corporation) 
where the provision of such Lien is required for the relevant loan; or 
(H) 
(1) any Lien created on the shares of capital stock of a subsidiary, and (2) any 
Lien created on the assets of a subsidiary of the type described in Condition 
3(a)(ix)(E) other than shares of capital stock of a subsidiary;  
(x) 
“Qualifying Guarantee” means a direct or indirectly guarantee in respect of any 
Indebtedness or a direct or indirect indemnity against the consequences of a default in 
the payment of any Indebtedness, other than, in each case, by endorsement of 
negotiable instruments, letters of credit or reimbursement agreements in the ordinary 
course of business; 
(xi) 
“Quoted Indebtedness” means any indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities and which at the time of issue 
is, or is capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange or 
over-the-counter market or other securities market (whether or not initially distributed 
by means of a private placement); 
(xii) 
“Securitisation Entity” means any special purpose vehicle created for the sole purpose 
of carrying out, or otherwise used solely for the purpose of carrying out a Non-recourse 
Securitisation or any other Industrial Subsidiary which is effecting Non-recourse 
Securitisations; and 
(xiii) 
“Standard Securitisation Undertakings” means representations, warranties, covenants 
and indemnities entered into by any Member of the CNH Industrial Group from time 
to time which are customary in relation to Non-recourse Securitisations, including any 
performance undertakings with respect to servicing obligations or undertakings with 
respect to breaches of representations or warranties. 
(b) 
Reports: If CNH Industrial ceases to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange or any other 
stock exchange in the United States of America or the European Economic Area, CNH 
Industrial will furnish to the Noteholders so long as the Notes are outstanding, English language 
annual and quarterly reports containing financial information substantially similar in scope to 
that provided in the annual and quarterly reports published in the Netherlands in the financial 
year ended immediately prior to such cessation. For the avoidance of doubt, CNH Industrial 
shall not be required to provide any U.S. GAAP reconciled financial information in any reports 
it is required to provide pursuant to this Condition 3(b).  
So long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin, any reports CNH Industrial provides 
pursuant to this Condition 3(b) will also be made available in Ireland through the office of the 
Paying Agent in Dublin. 
4. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest payable 
in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date if that does not 
fall on an Interest Payment Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest 
on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified.

--- Page 79 ---
-59- 
 
 
 
 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise rounded in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
 
In these Conditions: 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
“Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 360; and 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Fixed Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 80 ---
-60- 
 
 
 
 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date or the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; and 
“sub-unit” means with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an “Interest Payment Date”) in 
each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no express Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each date (each an “Interest Payment Date”) which 
falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period 
in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
in these Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
(or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date). 
If a “Business Day Convention” is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if 
there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(i)(B) above, the “Floating Rate Convention,” such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business 
Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis; or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; and (2) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls 
the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the “Following Business Day Convention,” such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention,” such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest

--- Page 81 ---
-61- 
 
 
 
 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day, save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which 
the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that 
payment will not accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final 
Interest Payment Date; or 
(D) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention,” such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and any Additional 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and any 
Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); or 
(2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) 
System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA 
Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) AND as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes,  (together, the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and

--- Page 82 ---
-62- 
 
 
 
 
(4) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(a)  
Compounding with Lookback; 
(b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(c) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(5) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate 
Option, the Index Method is Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift as specified in Final Terms.  
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be 
deemed to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate,” “Calculation Agent,” 
“Floating Rate Option,” “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date”, Overnight Floating 
Rate Option, Overnight Rate Compounding Method, Compounding with Lookback, 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift, Compounding with Lockout, Averaging 
with Lookback, Averaging with Observation Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, 
Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, Index Method and Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate 
Notes which reference SONIA or SOFR) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is not SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as at 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) (such time, the Specified Time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and 
the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations.

--- Page 83 ---
-63- 
 
 
 
 
The Agency Agreement provides that, if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or 
if, in the case of (1) above, no offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, 
fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the 
Principal Paying Agent shall request the principal London office of each of the 
Reference Banks in the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, to provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The Agency Agreement further provides that, if on any Interest Determination Date 
one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent with an 
offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at 
the request of) the Principal Paying Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the Eurozone inter-bank market, plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, 
at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is of are in the opinion of the relevant Issuer 
suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to leading 
banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market, plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period).  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA 
or SOFR  
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is SONIA or SOFR: 
(1) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of 
Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being “Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent, 
where:

--- Page 84 ---
-64- 
 
 
 
 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference 
Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and further provided 
for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent  on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant Decimal Place: 
 
Where:  
“Business Day” or “BD”, in this Condition means: (i) where 
“SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate, a London Business Day 
and (ii) where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate, a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
“D” is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“d” is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
calendar days in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
Business Days in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, a series of whole 
numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day in 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means in relation to any Interest Period: 
a. where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, such Interest Period; 
b. where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the Observation Period 
relating to such Interest Period; 
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day 
following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
“New York Fed’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, any 
successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR) or any successor source; 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
means the number of calendar days from and including such Business 
Day “i” up to but excluding the following Business Day;

--- Page 85 ---
-65- 
 
 
 
 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
period from and including the date falling “p” Business Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is “p” Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” Business Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Period: 
a. where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in 
the Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified five Business Days); 
b. where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, zero; and 
c. where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified two 
Business Days); 
“r” means: 
a. where in the applicable Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA 
rate in respect of such Business Day; 
b. where in the applicable Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in 
respect of such Business Day; 
c. where in the applicable Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method: 
1. in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, 
the SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day immediately 
preceding such Reference Day, and 
2. in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate 
in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the relevant Interest 
Determination Date); and 
d. where in the applicable Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method:

--- Page 86 ---
-66- 
 
 
 
 
1. in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, 
the SOFR in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day, and 
2. in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the relevant Interest 
Determination Date); 
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period, other than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall be the number of decimal places 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be rounded up or 
down, if necessary (with half of the highest decimal place being 
rounded upwards) (or, if no such number is specified, it shall be five); 
“ri-pBD” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” above 
for, where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Business Day (being a Business Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” Business Days 
prior to the relevant Business Day “i” or, where “Lock-out” or 
“Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Business Day “i”; 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York 
Fed’s Website, in each case on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York City 
Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business 
Day; 
“SONIA” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such 
Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors in each case on the 
Business Day immediately following such Business Day; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (or any successor thereto) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(2) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of 
Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being “Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject to as provided below, be the Weighted Average 
Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin and will be calculated by the

--- Page 87 ---
-67- 
 
 
 
 
Principal Paying Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
Relevant Decimal Place, where: 
“Business Day” has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above; 
“Lock-out Period” has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above; 
“Observation Period” has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above; 
“Reference Day” has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above; 
“Relevant Decimal Place” has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) 
above; and 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means: 
a. where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate 
in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Observation 
Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by 
the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the 
sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these 
purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is 
not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in 
effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar 
day; and 
b. where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate 
in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, 
calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the 
number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum 
of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any 
calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, 
the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out 
Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-
out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any 
calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the 
proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(3) 
where “Index Determination” is specified as the Calculation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the compounded daily 
reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 88 ---
-68- 
 
 
 
 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin and will be calculated by the Principal 
Paying Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date where: 
“Compounded Index” shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index 
or SOFR Compounded Index, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Compounded Index End” means in relation to any Interest Period, 
the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling “p” 
Business Days (as defined in paragraph (1) above) prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period); 
“Compounded Index Start” means, in relation to any Interest Period, 
the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling “p” 
Business Days (as defined in paragraph (1) above) prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period; 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but 
excluding) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is 
determined; 
“p” is the number of Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, two); 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall be the number of decimal places 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be rounded up or 
down, if necessary (with half of the highest decimal place being 
rounded upwards) (or, if no such number is specified, if the SONIA 
Compounded Index is applicable, it shall be five, and, if the SOFR 
Compounded Index is applicable, it shall be seven); 
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the Compounded Daily SOFR 
rate as published at 3.00 p.m. (New York time) by Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the 
New York Fed’s Website, or any successor source; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the Compounded Daily 
SONIA rate as published at 10.00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of 
England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of 
England’s Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source. 
Subject to Condition 4(c), if, with respect to any Interest Period, the 
relevant rate is not published for the relevant Compounded Index 
either on the relevant Compounded Index Start or Compounded 
Index End date, then the Principal Paying Agent shall calculate the 
rate of interest for that Interest Period as if “Index Determination” 
was not specified as the Calculation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms and as if “Compounded Daily” was specified instead as the 
Calculation Method in the applicable Final Terms and where 
“Observation Shift” was specified as the Observation Method.

--- Page 89 ---
-69- 
 
 
 
 
(4) 
where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, if, in respect of any Business Day, SONIA (as defined 
in paragraph (1) above) is not available on the Relevant Screen Page 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such Reference Rate shall be: 
a. (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing 
at close of business on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the mean 
of the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
days on which SONIA has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than 
one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate; or 
b. subject to Conditions 4(c)(i) and 4(c)(ii), if such Bank Rate is not 
available, the SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors), 
and in each case, “r” and “ri-pBD” shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(5) 
where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, if, in respect of any Business Day (as defined in 
paragraph (1) above), the Reference Rate is not available, subject to 
Condition 4(c), such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR (as defined 
in paragraph (1) above) for the first preceding Business Day on which 
the SOFR was published on the New York Fed’s Website (as defined 
in paragraph (1) above) and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(6) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to 
Condition 4(c), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable 
to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 6 or 
Condition 9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which 
such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date.

--- Page 90 ---
-70- 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or maximum Rate of Interest: If the applicable Final Terms specify a 
Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions 
of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than 
such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts: The Principal 
Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest 
Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate 
Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for 
any Interest Period: 
(A) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of 
an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 91 ---
-71- 
 
 
 
 
(E) 
if “30/360,” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number 
of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months (unless (a) the last day of the Interest Period is the 31st day of a month 
but the first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day 
of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be 
considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Interest 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and 
(F) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Interest Period 
unless, in the case of an Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date, the 
Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect 
of an Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.  
As used herein: 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts: Subject to Condition 4(c) 
(Interest - Benchmark Event), the Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed with notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final: All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b) by the Principal Paying Agent shall

--- Page 92 ---
-72- 
 
 
 
 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, negligence or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), the Principal Paying Agent, the other 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(c) 
Benchmark Event:   
(i) 
Notes not linked to SOFR 
(A) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4(b) above but subject, in the 
case of Notes linked to SONIA, to paragraph a. of Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(4) 
above taking precedence, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply (other than 
to Notes linked to SOFR):  
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser (as defined below), as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine (without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the Noteholders) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as further described 
below).  
(2) 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(c) 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
an expert and in consultation with the Issuer and (in the absence of 
bad faith, fraud or negligence) shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4(c). 
(B) 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4(c)(i)(D)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 4(c)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 4(c)(i)(D)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(c)). 
(C) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(c) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or

--- Page 93 ---
-73- 
 
 
 
 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4(c) shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4(c). 
(D) 
Adjustment Spread: If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be). If the Independent Adviser if unable to determine the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, 
then the Successor Rate or that Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will 
apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(E) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(c) and 
the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement as are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 4(c)(i)(F), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
 
4(c)(i)(E), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(F) 
 Notice: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
 specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this 
 Condition 4(c) will be notified promptly (but in any event no later than the 
 relevant Interest Determination Date) by the Issuer to the Agents and, in 
 accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
 be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
 Amendments, if any. 
(G) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of 
the Issuer under this Condition 4(c), the Original Reference Rate and the fall-
back provisions provided for in Condition 4(b) will continue to apply unless 
and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(ii) 
Notes linked to SOFR 
In the case of Notes linked to SOFR: 
(A) 
if the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Independent 
Adviser) determines that a Benchmark Event and the relevant SOFR Index 
Cessation Date have both occurred, when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such

--- Page 94 ---
-74- 
 
 
 
 
Reference Rate, the Reference Rate shall be the rate that was recommended 
as the replacement for the SOFR by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York for the purpose of recommending a replacement for the SOFR 
(which rate may be produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or 
other designated administrator, and which rate may include any adjustments 
or spreads) or, if no such rate has been recommended within one Business 
Day (as defined in paragraph (b)(ii)(C)(1) of Condition 4)) of the SOFR Index 
Cessation Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
(published on the New York Fed's Website at or around 5:00 p.m. (New York 
time) on the relevant New York City Banking Day) for any SOFR Reset Date 
falling on or after the SOFR Index Cessation Date (it being understood that 
the Overnight Bank Funding Rate for any such SOFR Reset Date will be for 
trades made on the related SOFR Determination Date); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent or the Principal Paying Agent, as applicable, is 
required to use the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in paragraph (A) above and 
an OBFR Index Cessation Event and an OBFR Index Cessation Date have 
both occurred, then for any SOFR Reset Date falling on or after the later of 
the SOFR Index Cessation Date and the OBFR Index Cessation Date, the 
Reference Rate shall be the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal 
Open Market Committee, as published on the New York Fed’s Website and 
as prevailing on such SOFR Reset Date, or if the Federal Open Market 
Committee has not set a single rate, the mid-point of the short-term interest 
rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee, as published on 
the New York Fed’s Website and as prevailing on such SOFR Reset Date 
(calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound of the target range 
and the lower bound of the target range),  
 
and in each case “r” and “ri-pBD” shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(iii) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate and where “ARRC Fallbacks” are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in these Conditions, if the 
Issuer or, at the Issuer’s request, the Independent Adviser, determines on or 
prior to the Reference Time, that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date (each, as defined below) have occurred with 
respect to the then current SOFR Benchmark, then the provisions set forth in 
this Condition 4(c)(iii) (the “Benchmark Transition Provisions”), will 
thereafter apply to all terms of the Notes relevant in respect of such SOFR 
Benchmark, including without limitation, the determination of any Rate of 
Interest. In accordance with the Benchmark Transition Provisions, after a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, any such Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period will 
be determined by reference to the relevant Benchmark Replacement;  
(B) 
if the Issuer or, at the Issuer’s request, the Independent Adviser, determines 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark

--- Page 95 ---
-75- 
 
 
 
 
Replacement will replace the then-current SOFR Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and all 
determinations on all subsequent dates; 
(C) 
in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time; 
(D) 
subject as provided in the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent 
shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer and without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, be 
obliged to concur with the Issuer to effect such Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the execution of an agreement 
supplemental to/amending the Agency Agreement) and the Principal Paying 
Agent shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof (provided, 
however, that the Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged to agree to any 
such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes if the same would, in the 
sole opinion of the Principal Paying Agent, impose more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce, or amend its rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in 
any document to which it is a party); 
(E) 
the Issuer shall, prior to the taking effect of any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, give notice thereof to the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Noteholders; 
(F) 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(iii), including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or refrain from taking any action or 
any selection: 
(1) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(2) 
if made by the Issuer, will be made in the Issuer’s sole discretion; 
(3) 
if made by the Independent Adviser, will be made after consultation 
with the Issuer, and the Independent Adviser will not make any such 
determination, decision or election to which the Issuer reasonably 
objects; and 
(4) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, the 
Agency Agreement or the Notes, shall become effective without 
consent from the Noteholders or the Couponholders or any other 
party; and 
(G) 
if the Independent Adviser does not make any determination, decision or 
election that it is required to make pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(iii), then the 
Issuer will make that determination, decision or election on the same basis as 
described above. 
 
Definitions: For the purposes of this Condition 4(c), the following terms shall have the following 
 
meanings: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any

--- Page 96 ---
-76- 
 
 
 
 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result 
of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate); 
(2) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); or 
(3) 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4(c)(i)(B) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the 
Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines is most 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(c)(i)(E). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, by a specified date within the following six months, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or  
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been 
or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, 
or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six 
months; or 
(5) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that the use of the Original 
Reference Rate will be subject to restrictions or adverse

--- Page 97 ---
-77- 
 
 
 
 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes, in each case 
within the following six months; or 
(6) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference 
Rate is no longer representative; or 
(7) 
it has become unlawful for any Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (2) to (5) above, the Benchmark Event 
shall occur on: 
a. 
in the case of (2) above, the date of the cessation of the publication 
of the Original Reference Rate; 
b. in the case of (3) above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference 
Rate; 
c. 
in the case of (4) above, the date on which the Original Reference 
Rate is prohibited from being used; or 
d. in the case of (5) above, the date on which the Original Reference 
Rate becomes subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
 
 
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the 
 
 
date of the relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in a, b, 
 
 
c, or d above, as applicable.  
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
a. 
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark and (2) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
b. the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
c. 
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by 
the Issuer or the Independent Adviser as the replacement for the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time and (2) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: (i) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement; (ii) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or (iii) the spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustments, or

--- Page 98 ---
-78- 
 
 
 
 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of “Interest Period”, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments 
of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or 
the Independent Adviser decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer or the Independent Adviser determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser determines is reasonably necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
a. 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the later of (1) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (2) the date on 
which the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
b. in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein, 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time 
in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): (i) a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component); or (ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component) or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
SOFR Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component); or (iii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the SOFR Benchmark 
is no longer representative.

--- Page 99 ---
-79- 
 
 
 
 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise selected and appointed by the Issuer at 
its own expense under Condition 4(c). 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the SOFR 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment. 
“New York Fed’s Website” has the meaning given in paragraph (1) of Condition 4(b)(ii)(C). 
“New York City Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in New York 
City. 
“OBFR Index Cessation Date” means, in respect of an OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date 
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate), ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date 
as of which the Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used; 
“OBFR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
a. 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate) 
announcing that it has ceased, or will cease, to publish or provide the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to publish or provide an Overnight Bank Funding Rate; 
b. the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
the Overnight Bank Funding Rate) has ceased, or will cease, to 
provide the Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to publish or provide the Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate; or 
c. 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector 
entity prohibiting the use of the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, 
including existing swap transactions; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the SOFR Benchmark means the time 
determined by the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent in accordance with the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto.

--- Page 100 ---
-80- 
 
 
 
 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
“SOFR Benchmark” means SOFR provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, then “SOFR Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“SOFR Determination Date” means, with respect to any SOFR Reset Date and with respect to 
(x) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate and (y) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate: (i) in the 
case of (x), the first Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Reset Date; and (ii) in the 
case of (y), the first New York City Banking Day immediately preceding such SOFR Reset 
Date. 
“SOFR Index Cessation Date” means, in respect of a Benchmark Event, the date on which the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate),ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of which 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used. 
“SOFR Reset Date” means each Business Day during the relevant Interest Period, provided 
however that if both a Benchmark Event and a SOFR Index Cessation Date have occurred, it 
shall mean: (i) in respect of the period from, and including, the first day of the Interest Period 
in which the SOFR Index Cessation Date falls (such Interest Period, the “Affected Interest 
Period”) to, but excluding, the SOFR Index Cessation Date (such period, the “Partial SOFR 
Period”), each Business Day during the Partial SOFR Period; (ii) in respect of the period from, 
and including, the SOFR Index Cessation Date to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Affected Interest Period (such period, the “Partial Fallback Period”), each New 
York City Banking Day during the Partial Fallback Period; and (iii) in respect of each Interest 
Period subsequent to the Affected Interest Period, each New York City Banking Day during the 
relevant Interest Period. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest: Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that 
part only of such Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, 
upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and

--- Page 101 ---
-81- 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the monies payable in respect of such Note has 
been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the 
option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively); and  
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, payments will be subject in all cases to (i) 
any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, including 
(without limitation) any obligations pursuant to such laws or regulations to make a withholding 
or deduction for or on account of any taxes, duties or assessments of whatever nature, and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, the regulations thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any agreement, law, regulation or other official guidance implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (where applicable) 
will be liable to pay any additional amounts in the event of any such withholding or deduction. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons: Payments of principal in respect of definitive 
Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
only (i) in the case of a definitive Note not held in the CMU Service, against presentation and 
surrender of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America or its possessions) or (ii) 
in the case of a definitive Note held in the CMU Service, to the person(s) for whose account(s) 
interest in the relevant definitive Note are credited as being held with the CMU Service in 
accordance with the prevailing CMU rules and procedures at the relevant time and payment 
made in accordance thereof shall discharge the obligations of the Issuer in respect of that 
payment. 
(c) 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form not held in the CMU Service (other than Long Maturity 
Notes (as defined below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling 
to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be 
deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before 
the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) 
or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, 
but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 102 ---
-82- 
 
 
 
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form not 
held in the CMU Service becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) 
relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may 
be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is 
a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose 
nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the 
aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount 
of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes: Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of 
Notes represented by any Global Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
specified above in relation to definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the 
relevant Global Note (i) in the case of a Global Note lodged with the CMU Service, to, or to the 
order of, the person(s) for whose account(s) interests in the relevant Global Note are credited as 
being held by the CMU Service in accordance with the prevailing CMU rules and procedures 
at the relevant time and payment made in accordance thereof shall discharge the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of that payment, or (ii) in the case of a Global Note not lodged with the 
CMU Service, where applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such 
Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of 
each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of 
interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented 
or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments: The holder of a Global Note (if the Global Note 
is not lodged with the CMU Service) or (if the Global Note is lodged with the CMU Service) 
the person(s) for whose account(s) interests in such Global Note are credited as being held 
through the CMU in accordance with the prevailing CMU rules and procedures shall be the only 
person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (where applicable) will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note or such other person(s) for whose 
account(s) interests in such Global Note are credited as being held in the CMU Service, as the 
case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear, Clearstream or the CMU Service as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream 
or the CMU Service, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (where applicable) to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent 
in the United States if: (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; (ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and (iii) such

--- Page 103 ---
-83- 
 
 
 
 
payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable), adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (where applicable). 
(f) 
Payment Day: If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not 
a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay.  For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to 
Condition 8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation;  
(B) 
in the case of CMU Notes, Hong Kong; and 
(C) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively; or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest: Any reference in these Conditions to principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
the Make-whole Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6(h)(iii)); and  
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
(h) 
Payment of Alternative Currency Equivalent: Notwithstanding the foregoing, where 
Alternative Currency Equivalent is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable 
to a Series of Notes, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity the 
relevant Issuer or, in the case of Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor, as the case may be, is unable 
to satisfy payments of principal or interest in respect of Notes when due in the Specified

--- Page 104 ---
-84- 
 
 
 
 
Currency, the relevant Issuer or, in the case of Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, shall, on giving to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 13, not less than five nor 
more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice prior to the due date for payment that it will make 
payment in the Alternative Currency, settle any such payment in the Alternative Currency on 
the due date at the Alternative Currency Equivalent of any such amount. Any payment made in 
the Alternative Currency under such circumstances will constitute valid payment in satisfaction 
of the relevant Issuer’s or Guarantor’s (as the case may be) obligations for such payment, and 
will not constitute a default in respect of the Notes.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the 
relevant Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity event occurs within five days before 
the relevant due date for payment then such notice shall be given as soon as practicable and 
whether on or prior to the due date for payment. 
As used herein: 
“Alternative Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or 
any lawful successor currency to that currency); 
“Alternative Currency Calculation Agent” means the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or any lawful successor thereto); 
“Alternative Currency Equivalent” means in respect of an amount denominated in the Specified 
Currency such amount converted into the Alternative Currency using the Spot Rate for the 
relevant Rate Calculation Date, all as determined by the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent; 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including 
the central bank) of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction; 
“Illiquidity” means, with respect to the payment of any sum, foreign exchange markets for the 
Specified Currency becoming illiquid as a result of which it is impossible (as determined by the 
relevant Issuer or, in the case of Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner), or commercially impracticable for the relevant Issuer or (in 
the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, as the case may be, to obtain a sufficient amount 
of the Specified Currency in order to satisfy its obligation to pay such sum in respect of the 
Notes or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) under the Guarantee, as the case may be; 
“Inconvertibility” means, with respect to the payment of any sum, the occurrence of any event 
that makes it impossible or commercially impracticable for the relevant Issuer, or (in the case 
of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, as the case may be, to convert any amount due in the 
foreign exchange markets for the Specified Currency, other than where such impossibility or 
impracticability is due solely to the failure of the relevant Issuer, or (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor, as the case may be, to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by 
any relevant Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation becomes effective on 
or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of a Series of Notes 
and it is impossible or commercially impracticable for the relevant Issuer, or (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, as the case may be, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
“Non-deliverable Spot Rate Screen Page” means the relevant screen page specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
“Non-transferability” means, with respect to the payment of any sum, the occurrence of any 
event that makes it impossible or commercially impracticable for the relevant Issuer or (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, as the case may be, to transfer the Specified Currency 
in respect of such sum between accounts inside the Specified Currency Jurisdiction or between 
an account inside the Specified Currency Jurisdiction and an account outside the Specified

--- Page 105 ---
-85- 
 
 
 
 
Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility or impracticability is due solely to 
the failure of the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any relevant Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of a Series of Notes) and it is impossible or 
commercially impracticable for the relevant Issuer, or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule 
or regulation; 
“Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) 
on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange) in the Rate Calculation Jurisdiction; 
“Rate Calculation Date” means (i) the day which is the number of Rate Calculation Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms before the due date of the relevant amount under 
these Conditions or (ii) if the relevant Spot Rate is not available on such day, the last preceding 
Rate Calculation Business Day on which the relevant Spot Rate was most recently available, as 
determined by the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent; 
“Rate Calculation Jurisdiction” means the jurisdiction(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
which shall be the Eurozone where the specified currency is euro; 
“Specified Currency Jurisdiction” means (i) other than in the case of euro, the primary 
jurisdiction for which the Specified Currency is the lawful currency or (ii) in the case of euro, 
the Eurozone; 
“Spot Rate,” for a Rate Calculation Date, means the spot exchange rate for the purchase of the 
Alternative Currency with the Specified Currency in the over-the-counter foreign exchange 
market for the Specified Currency for settlement on the due date for payment in the Specified 
Currency Jurisdiction for settlement as a “spot” foreign exchange transaction in such market, as 
determined by the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent at or around the Spot Rate 
Calculation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms (Specified Currency Jurisdiction time 
or, in the case of euro, Central European time) on a deliverable basis by reference to the Spot 
Rate Screen Page (the “Spot Rate Screen Page”) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to the Non-deliverable Spot 
Rate Screen Page as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms, if neither rate is available, the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent 
will determine the Spot Rate in its discretion on the Rate Calculation Date at or around the Spot 
Rate Calculation Time (Specified Currency Jurisdiction time or, in the case of euro, Central 
European time) taking into consideration all available information which the Alternative 
Currency Calculation Agent deems relevant, including, without limitation, pricing information 
obtained from any other deliverable or non-deliverable foreign exchange market for the 
purchase of the Alternative Currency with the Specified Currency for settlement on the due date 
for payment as a “spot” foreign exchange transaction in or in relation to the relevant market; 
and 
“Spot Rate Screen Page” means the relevant screen page specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5(h) by 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or the Alternative Currency Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), the Agents and all Noteholders 
and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to any person shall attach to the 
Alternative Adjudication Currency Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 106 ---
-86- 
 
 
 
 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified 
below, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: 
(i) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(A) 
either the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 7 or the Guarantor (where applicable) 
would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by the 
Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional 
amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws, 
regulations or rulings of the Relevant Tax Jurisdiction or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor (where applicable) taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in the case 
of Guaranteed Notes) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment 
in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(b), 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (where applicable) shall deliver to the 
Principal Paying Agent (i) a certificate signed by one director of the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, one director of the Guarantor (where applicable) stating that the Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor (where applicable) is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent 
to the right of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (where applicable) so to 
redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (where 
applicable) has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of 
such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (h) below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
“Relevant Tax Jurisdiction” shall mean the Netherlands and the United Kingdom 
(where the Issuer is CNH Industrial) or the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg (where the 
Issuer is CIFE) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax and, in the case of Guaranteed Notes, shall also include the Netherlands 
and the United Kingdom and any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (“Issuer Call”):

--- Page 107 ---
-87- 
 
 
 
 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such other period 
of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 
13 (an “Optional Redemption Notice”); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the Optional Redemption Notice (or such 
shorter period as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent), 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent,  
(which notice to Noteholders shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) 
(each such date, an “Optional Redemption Date”), redeem all or, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date, as the case may be. Any 
such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any arrears of interest), if any. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of 
a nominal amount at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes 
to be redeemed (the “Redeemed Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or the CMU Service, as the case 
may be, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
“Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not 
less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes or represented by a Global Note shall in each 
case bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Notes as the 
aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes outstanding and Notes outstanding represented 
by such Global Note, respectively, bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that, if necessary, appropriate 
adjustments shall be made to such nominal amounts to ensure that each represents an integral 
multiple of the Specified Denomination. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the 
date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (“Make-whole Call”) 
If Make-whole Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (or 
such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with 
Condition 13 (a “Make-whole Redemption Notice”), (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a “Make-whole Redemption Date”)) 
redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at any time prior to their Maturity 
Date at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount. The Issuer shall, not less than 15 
calendar days (or such shorter period as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent) before the giving of the notice referred to above, notify the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms of its decision to exercise the Make-whole Call Option. Not later than 
the Business Day immediately following the Calculation Date, the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Noteholders and such other parties 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms of the Make-whole Redemption Amount. All

--- Page 108 ---
-88- 
 
 
 
 
Notes in respect of which any Make-whole Redemption Notice is given shall be redeemed on 
the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition. 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Benchmark Rate” means the average of the three quotations given by the Reference Dealers 
on the Calculation Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) of the mid-market annual 
yield to maturity of the Reference Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Reference 
Bond is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing 
by the Make-whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 
13. The Benchmark Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(b)(i)) prior to the 
Make-whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-whole Calculation Agent” means the international credit institution or financial services 
institution or any other competent entity of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer prior to the giving of any notice referred to above in connection with 
the exercise of the Make-whole Call Option in accordance with this Condition. 
“Make-whole Margin” means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Make-whole Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified 
Currency of the relevant Notes, determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of such Note and (y) the sum of the 
present values as at the Make-whole Redemption Date of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on such Note (excluding any interest accruing on 
such Note from, and including, the Specified Interest Payment Date or, as the case may 
be, the Interest Commencement Date, immediately preceding such Make-whole 
Redemption Date to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted 
from the Maturity Date indicated in the applicable Final Terms to the Make-whole 
Redemption Date on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction at a rate equal to the 
Make-whole Redemption Rate; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on such Note from, and including, the Specified 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date, 
immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date, to, but excluding, the 
Make-whole Redemption Date. 
If an Issuer Maturity Par Call pursuant to Condition 6(f) below is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole Call 
before the day on which the Maturity Par Call Period commences, the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Make-whole Call will be calculated by substituting the day on which 
the Maturity Par Call Period commences for the Maturity Date and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the last remaining scheduled payment of interest shall be deemed to fall on the day on which 
the Maturity Par Call Period commences, and the amount of interest to be taken into account 
shall be the interest that would have accrued on the Notes on, and from, the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the day on which the Maturity Par Call Period commences, to but 
excluding, the day on which the Maturity Par Call Period commences. 
“Make-whole Redemption Rate” means the sum, as calculated by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent, of the Benchmark Rate and the Make-whole Margin.

--- Page 109 ---
-89- 
 
 
 
 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the three banks selected by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent which are (i) primary European government security dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the 
Reference Bond having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the remaining term of the Notes. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (“Clean-up Call”): If Clean-up Call is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that at least 75 per cent. (or such 
other percentage (the “Clean-up Call Threshold” as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms”) of the initial aggregate principal amount of the relevant tranche of Notes has been 
purchased and cancelled by the Issuer at any time, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to 
having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of 
the outstanding Notes. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at the Final Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to but 
unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.   
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (“Issuer Maturity Par Call”): If Issuer Maturity Par 
Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the 
Maturity Par Call Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the Final Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (“Investor Put”): If Investor Put is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice the Issuer 
will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not, in the case of a Note in definitive 
form, in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
If this Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note, the 
holder of this Note must deliver this Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any 
time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, 
accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an 
address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6(g) shall be 
irrevocable except where prior to the due date for redemption an Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6(g) and instead to declare such 
Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9. 
(h) 
Early Redemption Amounts: For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 9, each 
Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows:

--- Page 110 ---
-90- 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y where: 
“RP” 
means the Reference Price; 
“AY” 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will 
be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number 
of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 
30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360); or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will 
be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360); or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
365). 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or any of their respective subsidiaries 
may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all 
Noteholders alike. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (where applicable), surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
paragraph (h) above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) 
shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(k) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) 
or (g) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 is improperly 
withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall 
be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (h)(iii) above as though the references therein 
to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes 
due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and

--- Page 111 ---
-91- 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the monies payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(l) 
Repurchase at the Option of Noteholders—Change of Control: If a Change of Control 
occurs, the holder of any Note will have the right to require the Issuer thereof to repurchase all 
(but not, in the case of a Note in definitive form, any part) of such Note pursuant to a Change 
of Control Offer.  In the Change of Control Offer, the relevant Issuer will offer a payment in 
cash equal to 101 percent of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus accrued 
and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase (the “Change of Control Payment”). Within 
thirty (30) days following any Change of Control, the Issuer will give notice to each holder 
describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control and offering to 
repurchase Notes on the payment date specified in the notice (the “Change of Control Payment 
Date”), which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such 
notice is given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
The Issuer will comply with any applicable securities laws and regulations thereunder to the 
extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes 
as a result of a Change of Control.  To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or 
regulations conflict with this provision, the relevant Issuer will comply with the applicable 
securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under 
this provision by virtue of such compliance. 
On the Change of Control Payment Date, the relevant Issuer will, to the extent lawful: 
(i) 
accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the 
Change of Control Offer; 
(ii) 
deposit with the Principal Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control 
Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and 
(iii) 
deliver or cause to be delivered for cancellation the Notes properly accepted together 
with an officers’ certificate of the relevant Issuer stating the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased by the relevant Issuer. 
If the Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require repurchase of the Note the holder 
of the Note must deliver this Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during 
normal business hours of such Paying Agent, within the notice period, accompanied by a duly 
completed and signed acceptance notice in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from 
any specified office of any Paying Agent (an “Acceptance Notice”) and in which the holder 
must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition. 
Any Acceptance Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be 
irrevocable except where prior to the due date for redemption an Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead declare such Note 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9. 
The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if 
a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in 
compliance with the requirements set forth herein applicable to a Change of Control Offer made 
by the Issuer and purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under the Change of 
Control Offer. 
In these Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 112 ---
-92- 
 
 
 
 
“Change of Control” means the occurrence of both (i) an event described in clauses (A) or (B) 
below and (ii) a Rating Decline: 
(A) 
the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any 
merger or consolidation), the result of which is that any “person” (as that term 
is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), other than one or more Related 
Parties, becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 
percent of the Voting Stock of CNH Industrial measured by voting power 
rather than number of shares; or 
(B) 
the stockholders of the Guarantor (where applicable) or the Issuer approve any 
plan of liquidation or dissolution of the Guarantor (where applicable) or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, other than in connection with a merger, 
consolidation or other form of combination while the Issuer or Guarantor 
(where applicable) is solvent with another company where such company, in 
the case of the Issuer, assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
and, in the case of the Guarantor (where applicable), assumes all obligations 
of the Guarantor under the Guarantee and where such merger, consolidation 
or other combination does not have the effect of or result in an event described 
in paragraph (A) above, 
“Change of Control Offer” means the offer to repurchase the Notes following a Change of 
Control as further described above; 
“Person” means any individual, group, company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, 
association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, limited liability company 
or government or other entity; 
“Rating Date” means (i) the date one business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks 
are open for business in London) prior to the occurrence of an event specified in clause (A) or 
(B) of the definition of Change of Control or, if applicable, and only with respect to the type of 
transaction specified in clause (A) of the definition of Change of Control, the date one business 
day before the first public announcement of a definitive agreement with respect to such 
transaction and (ii) in the event that a Rating Agency has announced a Rating Decline of the 
Notes within 90 days prior to the occurrence of an event specified in clause (A) or (B) of the 
definition of Change of Control or, if applicable, and only with respect to the type of transaction 
specified in clause (A) of the definition of Change of Control, within 90 days before the first 
public announcement of a definitive agreement with respect to such transaction, and the official 
statement issued by a Rating Agency announcing the Rating Decline refers to such event or 
transaction as a reason for such downgrade, the date one business day prior to such 
announcement by a Rating Agency; 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) or S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”), or, if either such entity ceases to rate the Notes for 
reasons outside of the control of the Guarantor (where applicable) or the relevant Issuer, the 
equivalent investment grade credit rating from any other “nationally recognised statistical rating 
organisation” within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act; 
“Rating Decline” means the occurrence on any date within the 60-day period following the 
occurrence of the event specified in clauses (A) or (B) of the definition of a Change of Control 
(which period shall be extended so long as during such period any rating of the Notes is under 
publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by a Rating Agency, provided that 
such extension shall not be for more than 30 days) of: (i) in the event the Notes are rated by any 
Rating Agency on the Rating Date below investment grade, the rating of the Notes by such 
Rating Agency within such period being at least one rating category below the rating of the 
Notes by such Rating Agency on the Rating Date, (ii) in the event the Notes are rated by any 
Rating Agency on the Rating Date as investment grade, the rating of the Notes within such

--- Page 113 ---
-93- 
 
 
 
 
period by such Rating Agency being (1) at least two rating categories below the rating of the 
Notes by such Rating Agency on the Rating Date or (2) below investment grade or (iii) the 
Notes not being rated by any Rating Agency.  In determining how many rating categories the 
rating of the Notes has decreased, gradation will be taken in account (e.g., with respect to 
Standard & Poor’s, a decline in a rating from BB+ to BB, or from BB to BB-, will constitute a 
decrease of one rating category); 
“Related Party” means (i) each of the owners and beneficial holders of interests in Giovanni 
Agnelli B.V. at the Issue Date and each of their spouses, heirs, legatees, descendants and blood 
relatives to the third degree, (ii) Giovanni Agnelli B.V. or (iii) any Person directly or indirectly 
under the Control of Giovanni Agnelli B.V.  For the purposes of this definition, the term 
“Control” means (1) the direct or indirect ownership (beneficial or otherwise) of more than 50 
percent of the Voting Stock of a Person measured by voting power rather than number of shares 
or (2) the power to appoint or remove all or the majority of the directors or other equivalent 
officers of a Person; and 
“Voting Stock” of any Person as of any date means the capital stock of such Person that is at 
the time entitled to vote in the election of the board of directors of such Person. 
7. 
TAXATION  
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer or the Guarantor (where 
applicable), as the case may be, will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature (“Tax”) imposed, withheld or levied by or on behalf 
of the Relevant Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6(b)), unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In such event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (where applicable) will 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders 
of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction except as follows: 
(a) 
Where the Issuer is CNH Industrial, or where payment is made pursuant to the Guarantee (in 
which case no additional amounts shall be paid in circumstances where any of the conditions 
set forth in (i) to (vi) of this Condition 7(a) apply nor in circumstances where any of the 
conditions set forth in Condition 7(b) apply):   
No such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet Bronbelasting 2021); or 
(ii) 
presented for payment in the Netherlands or the United Kingdom; or 
(iii) 
where the holder or beneficial owner (for the purposes of the relevant Tax) of which is 
liable for the relevant Tax by reason of his having some connection with the Relevant 
Tax Jurisdiction imposing, withholding or levying that Tax, other than the mere 
holding of the Note or Coupon or the receipt of principal or interest in respect of it or, 
in the case of a payment made pursuant to the Guarantee only, the mere crediting of 
Underlying Notes (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) to its securities account with 
the relevant clearing system; or 
(iv) 
where payment is made to, or on behalf of, a holder where the holder or the beneficial 
owner for the purposes of the relevant Tax is able to avoid the withholding by making 
a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authority; or

--- Page 114 ---
-94- 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to additional amounts on presenting 
the same for payment on the last day of such 30-day period, assuming that day to have 
been a Payment Day; or 
(vi) 
where such withholding or deduction is made for or on account of any tax, assessment 
or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for a failure by 
the holder or beneficial owner, or any financial institution (other than any Paying 
Agent) through which the holder or beneficial owner holds any Note or through which 
payment on the Note is made, to enter into or comply with an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and the regulations thereunder or otherwise comply 
with Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, the regulations thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof or any agreement, law, regulation, or other official guidance 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Where the Issuer is CIFE: 
No such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment in Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
the holder or beneficial owner (for the purposes of the relevant Tax) which is liable for 
Tax in respect of that Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with 
the Relevant Tax Jurisdiction imposing, withholding or levying that Tax, other than 
the mere holding of the Note or Coupon or the receipt of principal or interest in respect 
of it; or 
(iii) 
to, or on behalf of, a holder where the holder or beneficial owner for the purpose of the 
relevant Tax is able to avoid the withholding by making a declaration of non-residence 
or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to additional amounts on presenting 
the same for payment on the last day of such 30-day period, assuming that day to have 
been a Payment Day; or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to a Luxembourg 
resident  individual as per the law of December 23, 2005, as amended; or 
(vi) 
where such withholding or deduction is made for or on account of any tax, assessment 
or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for a failure by 
the holder or beneficial owner, or any financial institution (other than any Paying 
Agent) through which the holder or beneficial owner holds any Note or through which 
payment on the Note is made, to enter into or comply with an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and the regulations thereunder or otherwise comply 
with Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, the regulations thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any agreement, law, regulation, or other official guidance 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date,” in respect of any payment, means the date on 
which that payment first becomes due but, if the full amount of the monies payable has not been 
received by the Principal Paying Agent on or before the due date, it means the date on which, 
the full amount of those monies having been so received, notice to that effect has been duly 
given to the relevant Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION

--- Page 115 ---
-95- 
 
 
 
 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in 
the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur: 
(i) 
there is a default for more than 14 days after the date when due in the payment of 
principal or interest (if any) due in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
there is default in the performance of any other obligation under the Agency 
Agreement, the Notes or the Guarantee (where applicable) (a) which is incapable of 
remedy or (b) which, being a default capable of remedy, continues for 30 days after 
written notice of such default has been given through the Principal Paying Agent by 
the holder of any Note to the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable); or 
(iii) 
any final order shall be made by any competent court or other authority or resolution 
passed by the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) for the dissolution or winding-
up of the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) or for the appointment of a 
liquidator, receiver or trustee of the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) or of 
all or a substantial part of their respective assets, provided that there shall be no Event 
of Default in the case of an order or resolution passed for the liquidation or dissolution 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable), as the case may be, to the extent that 
(a) such an order or resolution is in connection with a merger, consolidation or any 
other form of combination while the Issuer or Guarantor (where applicable) is solvent 
with another company and such company, in the case of the Issuer, assumes all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and, in the case of the Guarantor (where 
applicable), assumes all obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee or (b) the 
Issuer has made a Change of Control Offer and repurchased the Notes from 
Noteholders following a Change of Control; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) shall stop payment or shall be unable to, 
or shall admit to creditors generally its inability to pay its debts as they fall due, or 
shall be finally adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent, or shall enter into any 
composition or other arrangement with its creditors generally or, where CIFE is the 
Issuer, the Issuer shall apply for controlled management (gestion contrôlée) or reprieve 
from payment (sursis de paiement); or 
(v) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) ceases, or threatens to cease, to carry on 
business unless such cessation, or threatened cessation, is in connection with a merger, 
consolidation or any other form of combination with another company and such 
company, in the case of the Issuer, assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
and, in the case of the Guarantor (where applicable), assumes all obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee; or 
(vi) 
in the case of Guaranteed Notes only, the Issuer ceases to be controlled directly or 
indirectly by the Guarantor, for which purpose the Guarantor shall be deemed to 
control the Issuer only if the Guarantor directly or indirectly, through one or more 
companies controlled by it within the meaning of this definition, (a) owns more than 
50 percent of the voting share capital of the Issuer; or (b) has power to appoint or 
remove more than 50 percent of the board of directors (or other similar senior 
supervisory body) of the Issuer; or

--- Page 116 ---
-96- 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
there shall have occurred a default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under 
which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any 
Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or any Material 
Subsidiary (as defined below in this Condition 9) (or the payment of which is 
guaranteed by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or any such 
Material Subsidiary) which default (A) is caused by a failure to pay the principal, 
interest or premium, if any, of any such Indebtedness (including without limitation a 
such failure under any called but unpaid guarantee issued or given by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where applicable) or any such Material Subsidiary in respect of any such 
Indebtedness) whether in the case of a repayment at maturity, a mandatory prepayment 
or otherwise, in each case after any applicable grace period provided in such 
Indebtedness or guarantee on the date of such failure (each such failure being a 
“payment default”), which payment default has not been validly waived in accordance 
with the terms of such Indebtedness or guarantee and applicable law, provided that the 
amount unpaid pursuant to such payment default, together with the amount unpaid 
pursuant to any other such payment default that has not been so waived or has not been 
otherwise validly cured aggregates €100,000,000 or (B) results in the acceleration of 
such Indebtedness prior to its express maturity, and such acceleration has not been 
validly waived in accordance with the terms of such Indebtedness and applicable law, 
provided that the principal amount of such Indebtedness so accelerated, together with 
the principal amount of any such other Indebtedness the maturity of which has been so 
accelerated and has not been waived or otherwise validly cured, aggregates 
€250,000,000; or 
(viii) 
in the case of Guaranteed Notes only, the Guarantee shall be held in any judicial 
proceeding (in each case being a judgment or order from which no further appeal or 
judicial review is permissible under applicable law) to be unenforceable or invalid or 
shall cease for any reason to be in full force and effect or the Guarantor shall deny or 
disaffirm its obligations under the Guarantee, as the case may be, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, 
declare any Notes held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall 
become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 
6(h)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9, the term “Material Subsidiary” means (A) any Member of 
the CNH Industrial Group the total assets of which on a stand-alone basis (excluding intra-
Group items and as determined from the entity’s most recent financial data used by CNH 
Industrial in the preparation of its most recent audited consolidated financial statements, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union or, in the event that the 
CNH Industrial Group prepares its consolidated financial statements solely in accordance with 
U.S. GAAP, in accordance with U.S. GAAP) constitutes five percent or more of the 
consolidated total assets of the CNH Industrial Group (as determined from CNH Industrial’s 
most recent audited consolidated financial statements, prepared either in accordance with IFRS 
as adopted by the European Union or, in the event that the CNH Industrial Group prepares its 
consolidated financial statements solely in accordance with U.S. GAAP, in accordance with 
U.S. GAAP); (B) any Treasury Subsidiary or (C) any entity under the direct or indirect Control 
of CNH Industrial that directly or indirectly Controls a subsidiary that meets the requirements 
of the preceding clauses (A) or (B), provided that if any such entity Controls such a subsidiary 
only pursuant to the aggregate ownership test specified in the provisions to clause (1) of the 
definition of “Control,” “Controls” or “Controlled” below, then, and only then, the Issuer and 
CNH Industrial shall have the right to designate which such entities shall be deemed to so 
Control such a subsidiary provided that, in each case, such designated entities Control in the 
aggregate more than 50 percent of the relevant subsidiary’s Voting Stock. For purposes of this 
definition of “Material Subsidiary,” (i) the term “Control,” “Controls” or “Controlled” means 
(1) the direct or indirect ownership (beneficial or otherwise) of more than 50 percent of the

--- Page 117 ---
-97- 
 
 
 
 
Voting Stock of a Person measured by voting power rather than number of shares, provided that 
to the extent that no single entity directly owns more than 50 percent of the Voting Stock of a 
Person, entities with aggregate direct or indirect ownership of more than 50 percent of the 
Voting Stock of a Person will be deemed to Control such Person or (2) the power to appoint or 
remove all or the majority of the directors or other equivalent officers of a Person and (ii) no 
Financial Services Subsidiary shall be considered or deemed to be a Material Subsidiary. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a subsidiary shall be considered or deemed to be a Material 
Subsidiary only to the extent that such is located or domiciled in an OECD Country (or, to the 
extent that the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development or a successor 
organisation no longer exists, the countries that were members of the relevant organisation on 
the date such organisation ceased to exist). 
For purposes of this Condition 9, the term “OECD Country” means a country that is member of 
the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development or any successor organisation at 
the time of the occurrence of a payment default or acceleration specified in clause (vii) of this 
Condition 9 (or, to the extent that the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development or a successor organisation no longer exists, at the time the relevant organisation 
ceased to exist). 
For purposes of this Condition 9, “Treasury Subsidiary” means (A) CNH Industrial Finance 
Europe S.A. and (B) any other subsidiary of CNH Industrial the primary purpose of which is 
borrowing funds, issuing securities or incurring Indebtedness. For the avoidance of doubt, 
“Treasury Subsidiary” does not, and shall not be deemed to, include any Financial Services 
Subsidiary. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as 
the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional 
Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will specified in 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor (where applicable) is/are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment 
of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of CMU Notes, a CMU 
Lodging and Paying Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, 
which may be the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of CMU Notes, a CMU Lodging and 
Paying Agent, with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than or in addition 
to (i) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) is incorporated, and (ii) where CNH Industrial is the Issuer or Guarantor in respect of an 
issuance of Notes, the United Kingdom.

--- Page 118 ---
-98- 
 
 
 
 
In addition, the Issuer and/or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) shall forthwith appoint a 
Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 
5(e).  Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency or where an Agent is an FFI and does not become, or ceases to be, a Participating FFI or a 
Registered Deemed-Compliant FFI, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more 
than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13. 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be a Make-whole Calculation Agent, if applicable. If 
the Make-whole Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent fails duly to calculate any Make-whole Redemption Amount, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Make-whole Calculation Agent to act 
as such in its place. The Make-whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid. 
 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(where applicable) and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into 
which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
As used herein: 
“FFI” (a “foreign financial institution”) means an FFI as defined in U.S. Treasury Regulations section 
1.1471-1(b)(47); 
“Participating FFI” means a participating FFI as defined in U.S. Treasury Regulations section 1.1471-
1(b)(91); and 
“Registered Deemed-Compliant FFI” means a registered deemed-compliant FFI as described in U.S. 
Treasury Regulations section 1.1471-1(b)(111). 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including 
(if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 8. 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London; provided, however that in the case of Notes 
cleared through the CMU Service, notices will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in Hong Kong. It is expected that such publication will be made 
in the Financial Times in London or, in the case of Notes cleared through the CMU Service, either The 
Standard or the South China Morning Post in Hong Kong.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the 
date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date 
of the first publication in all required newspapers.

--- Page 119 ---
-99- 
 
 
 
 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of (i) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes or (ii) the CMU Service, be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to the CMU Service. In addition, for 
so long as any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock 
exchange so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place 
or places required by the rules of that stock exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the holders of the Notes on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or the CMU Service. 
All notices to the Noteholders will be deemed to be validly given if filed with the Companies 
Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relevant Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent. 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a 
Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or in the case of Notes 
lodged with the CMU Service, by delivery by such holder or such notice to the CMU Lodging and Paying 
Agent in Hong Kong, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, and/or the CMU Service, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification 
of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than five percent in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that 
at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable 
thereafter.

--- Page 120 ---
-100- 
 
 
 
 
Where the Issuer is CIFE, the provisions of Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law of August 
10, 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, are hereby excluded. 
15. 
SUBSTITUTION 
(a) 
Substitution of CIFE by CNH Industrial 
(I) 
In the case of Notes issued by CIFE, CIFE may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and 
the Coupons CNH Industrial as Issuer, provided that no Event of Default has occurred in respect 
of the Notes and no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time 
overdue and the substitution would not immediately result in the Substitute having an option to 
redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(b). The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the 
“CIFE Substitution Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement 
as Schedule 8 and may take place only if: 
(i) 
CNH Industrial shall, by means of the CIFE Substitution Deed Poll, agree to indemnify 
each Noteholder and Couponholder against (A) any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge which is imposed on such Noteholder or Couponholder by (or by 
any subdivision or authority having power to tax in or of) the United Kingdom or the 
Netherlands with respect to any Note or Coupon or the Deed of Covenant that would 
not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made and (B) any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense relating to the 
substitution;  
(ii) 
all the provisions set forth in the Conditions with respect to CNH Industrial as Issuer 
of the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Notes following the substitution as if 
the Notes were originally issued by CNH Industrial;  
(iii) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that (A) the CIFE Substitution Deed 
Poll and the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant and such other documentation 
as may be necessary to be executed by CNH Industrial to effect the substitution 
(including, without limitation, amended and restated Final Terms reflecting the 
substitution) represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of CNH 
Industrial and (B) the CIFE Substitution Deed Poll and such other documentation as 
may be necessary to be executed by CIFE to effect the substitution represent valid, 
legally binding and enforceable obligations of CIFE, have been taken, fulfilled and 
done and are in full force and effect;  
(iv) 
the relevant stock exchange (if any) shall have confirmed that, following the proposed 
substitution, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange;  
(v) 
legal opinions, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, addressed to the 
Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the Principal Paying Agent) 
from lawyers or firms of lawyers with leading securities practices in the Netherlands, 
the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg and in England as to the fulfilment of the conditions 
specified in paragraph (iii) of this Condition 15(a) and the other matters specified in 
the CIFE Substitution Deed Poll; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the 
Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 13, stating that “copies, or, pending 
execution, the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution which are 
referred to above, or which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to 
Noteholders, will be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents.”

--- Page 121 ---
-101- 
 
 
 
 
(II) 
Upon the execution of the CIFE Substitution Deed Poll by all parties thereto and the satisfaction 
of the other conditions set out in this Condition 15(a) and the CIFE Substitution Deed Poll, CNH 
Industrial shall succeed to and be substituted for the Issuer under the Notes and the Agency 
Agreement with the same effect as if it had been named as the Issuer herein. For the avoidance 
of doubt, following substitution in accordance with this Condition 15(a), CIFE shall cease to be 
the Issuer under the Notes, including without limitation, for the purposes of Condition 9(iii) and 
9(v), and any such substitution shall not, of itself, trigger such events of default or constitute a 
Change of Control for the purposes of Condition 6(l). 
(III) 
Following substitution, references in Condition 9 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed 
to include obligations under the CIFE Substitution Deed Poll.  
(IV) 
The CIFE Substitution Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be 
delivered to, and kept by, the Principal Paying Agent.  Copies of such documents will be 
available free of charge at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
(b) 
Substitution of CNH Industrial by a Subsidiary 
(I) 
In the case of Notes issued by CNH Industrial, CNH Industrial may at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under 
the Notes and the Coupons, any company (the “Substitute”) that is a Subsidiary (as defined 
below) of CNH Industrial, provided that no Event of Default has occurred in respect of the 
Notes and no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue 
and the substitution would not immediately result in the Substitute having an option to redeem 
the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(b). The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the “CNH 
Industrial Substitution Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement as Schedule 8, and may take place only if:  
(i) 
the Substitute, failing which CNH Industrial, shall, by means of the CNH Industrial 
Substitution Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against 
(A) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by 
any subdivision or authority having the power to tax in or of) the jurisdiction of the 
country of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its 
incorporation with respect to any Note or Coupon or the New Deed of Covenant (as 
defined below) that would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been 
made and (B) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or 
expense relating to the substitution; 
(ii) 
all the provisions set forth in the Conditions with respect to CIFE as Issuer and CNH 
Industrial as Guarantor of the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Notes 
following the substitution as if the Notes were originally issued by the Substitute and 
guaranteed by CNH Industrial, provided that in respect of the Substitute (unless the 
Substitute is CIFE), the reference to “the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg” (where the 
Issuer is CIFE) in Condition 6(b) shall be replaced by references to the Substitute’s 
country of residence for tax purposes and, if different, its country of incorporation;  
(iii) 
the obligations of the Substitute under the CNH Industrial Substitution Deed Poll, the 
Notes, the Coupons and the New Deed of Covenant shall be irrevocably and 
unconditionally guaranteed by CNH Industrial (on substantially the same terms as the 
Guarantee) by means of the CNH Industrial Substitution Deed Poll;  
(iv) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that (A) the CNH Industrial Substitution 
Deed Poll, the Notes, the Coupons, the New Deed of Covenant and such other 
documentation as may be necessary to be executed by the Substitute to effect the 
substitution (including, without limitation, amended and restated Final Terms 
reflecting the substitution) represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations

--- Page 122 ---
-102- 
 
 
 
 
of the Substitute and (B) the CNH Industrial Substitution Deed Poll and any such other 
documentation as may be necessary to be executed by CNH Industrial to effect the 
substitution (including, without limitation, amended and restated Final Terms 
reflecting the substitution) represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations 
of CNH Industrial, of CNH Industrial, have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in 
full force and effect;  
(v) 
unless the Substitute is CIFE, in order to effect the substitution, the Substitute shall 
have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, as if it had been an original party to it and shall have entered into (A) a 
deed of covenant substantially in the form of the Deed of Covenant (the “New Deed 
of Covenant”) and (B) a supplemental global note, supplemental to the Global Note 
which represents the Notes prior to the substitution;  
(vi) 
the relevant stock exchange (if any) shall have confirmed that, following the proposed 
substitution, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(vii) 
legal opinions, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, addressed to the 
Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the Principal Paying Agent) 
from lawyers or firms of lawyers with leading securities practices in the Netherlands, 
the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substitute and in England as to the fulfilment 
of the preceding conditions of paragraph (iv) of this Condition 15(b) and the other 
matters specified in the CNH Industrial Substitution Deed Poll; and 
(viii) 
CNH Industrial shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to 
the Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 13, stating that copies, or pending 
execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution that are 
referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to 
Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents. 
(II) 
Upon the execution of the CNH Industrial Substitution Deed Poll by all parties thereto and the 
satisfaction of the other conditions set out in this Condition 15(b) and the CNH Industrial 
Substitution Deed Poll, the Substitute shall succeed to and be substituted for the Issuer under 
the Notes and the Agency Agreement with the same effect as if it had been named as the Issuer 
herein and CNH Industrial shall become the Guarantor as if the Notes had been originally 
guaranteed by CNH Industrial. 
(III) 
Following the substitution, references in Condition 9 to obligations under the Notes shall be 
deemed to include obligations under the CNH Industrial Substitution Deed Poll, and, where the 
CNH Industrial Substitution Deed Poll contains a guarantee, the events listed in Condition 9 
shall be deemed to include that guarantee not being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to 
be) in full force and effect.  
(IV) 
The CNH Industrial Substitution Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall 
be delivered to, and kept by, the Principal Paying Agent.  Copies of such documents will be 
available free of charge at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
(c) 
Substitution as Issuer of a Subsidiary by another Subsidiary  
(I) 
In the case of Notes where the Issuer is a Subsidiary (whether as original Issuer or as substituted 
Issuer pursuant to the terms of Condition 15(b) or (c)), such Subsidiary, may at any time, without 
the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor 
under the Notes and the Coupons, any company (the “Substitute”) that is also a Subsidiary (as 
defined below), provided that no Event of Default has occurred in respect of the Notes and no 
payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue and the 
substitution would not immediately result in the Substitute having an option to redeem the Notes

--- Page 123 ---
-103- 
 
 
 
 
pursuant to Condition 6(b). The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the “Subsidiary 
Substitution Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as 
Schedule 8, and may take place only if:  
(i) 
the Substitute, failing which CNH Industrial, shall, by means of the Subsidiary 
Substitution Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against 
(A) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on such 
Noteholder or Couponholder by (or by any subdivision or authority having the power 
to tax in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute’s residence for tax 
purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note or Coupon or 
the New Deed of Covenant that would not have been so imposed had the substitution 
not been made, (B) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or 
expense, relating to the substitution; 
(ii) 
all the provisions set forth in the Conditions with respect to CIFE as Issuer and CNH 
Industrial as Guarantor of the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Notes 
following the substitution as if the Notes were originally issued by the Substitute and 
guaranteed by CNH Industrial, provided that in respect of the Substitute (unless the 
Substitute is CIFE), the reference to “the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg” (where the 
Issuer is CIFE) in Condition 6(b) shall be replaced by references to the Substitute’s 
country of residence for tax purposes and, if different, its country of incorporation;  
(iii) 
the obligations of the Substitute under the Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll, the 
Notes, the Coupons and the New Deed of Covenant shall be irrevocably and 
unconditionally guaranteed by CNH Industrial (on substantially the same terms as the 
Guarantee) by means of the Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll;  
(iv) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Subsidiary Substitution Deed 
Poll, the Notes, the Coupons, the New Deed of Covenant and such other documentation 
as may be necessary to be executed by the Substitute and the original Issuer to effect 
the substitution (including , in respect of the Substitute, without limitation, amended 
and restated Final Terms reflecting the substitution) represent valid, legally binding 
and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, (B) the Subsidiary Substitution Deed 
Poll and such other documentation as may be necessary to be executed by CNH 
Industrial to effect the substitution (including, without limitation, amended and 
restated Final Terms reflecting substitution) represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of CNH Industrial have been taken, fulfilled and done and are 
in full force and effect;  
(v) 
unless the Substitute is CIFE, in order to effect the substitution, the Substitute shall 
have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, as if it had been an original party to it and shall have entered into (A) a 
deed of covenant substantially in the form of the Deed of Covenant (the “New Deed 
of Covenant”) and (B) a supplemental global note, supplemental to the Global Note 
which represents the Notes prior to the substitution;  
(vi) 
the relevant stock exchange (if any) shall have confirmed that, following the proposed 
substitution, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange;  
(vii) 
legal opinions, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, addressed to the 
Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the Principal Paying Agent) 
from lawyers or firms of lawyers with leading securities practices in the Netherlands, 
the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substitute , the jurisdiction of incorporation of 
the substituted issuer and in England as to the fulfilment of the preceding conditions 
of paragraph (iv) of this Condition 15(c) and the other matters specified in the 
Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll; and

--- Page 124 ---
-104- 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the 
Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 13, stating that copies, or pending 
execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution that are 
referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to 
Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents.  
(II) 
Upon the execution of the Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll by all parties thereto and the 
satisfaction of the other conditions set out in this Condition 15(c) and the Subsidiary 
Substitution Deed Poll, the Substitute shall succeed to and be substituted for the Issuer under 
the Notes and the Agency Agreement with the same effect as if it had been named as the Issuer 
herein and CNH Industrial shall continue to be the Guarantor of the Notes. For the avoidance 
of doubt, following substitution in accordance with Condition 15(c), the original Issuer shall 
cease to be the Issuer under the Notes, including, without limitation, for the purposes of 
Condition 9(iii) and 9(v), and any such substitution shall not, of itself, trigger such events of 
default or constitute a Change of Control for the purposes of Condition 6(l). 
(III) 
Following substitution references in Condition 9 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed 
to include obligations under the Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll, and where the Subsidiary 
Substitution Deed Poll contains a guarantee, the events listed in Condition 9 shall be deemed to 
include that guarantee not being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and 
effect.  
(IV) 
The Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be 
delivered to, and kept by, the Principal Paying Agent.  Copies of such documents will be 
available free of charge at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
For the purposes of this Condition 15, “Subsidiary” means any Member of the CNH Industrial Group 
other than CNH Industrial at the time of the relevant substitution. 
(d) 
Consent to Substitution  
By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring the Notes, the Noteholders expressly and irrevocably: (i) 
consent in advance to the substitution of CIFE, CNH Industrial or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, as 
Issuer by CNH Industrial or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, to the extent carried out pursuant to, and 
in compliance with, Condition 15(a), (b) or (c); (ii) following any such substitution in accordance with 
Condition 15, consent to the release of CIFE, or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, which has been so 
substituted as Issuer from any and all obligations in respect of the Notes and any relevant agreements 
(other than as set out in any agreements relating to the relevant substitution) and are expressly deemed 
to have accepted such substitution and the consequences thereof; and (iii) direct the Principal Paying 
Agent to take such actions as are necessary to effect any such substitution. Any substitution shall be 
effected without cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date 
from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 
The Notes confer no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of 
the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart 
from that Act.

--- Page 125 ---
-105- 
 
 
 
 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law: The Agency Agreement, the Guarantee (where applicable), the Deed of 
Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and, to the extent executed, the CIFE Substitution Deed 
Poll, the CNH Industrial Substitution Deed Poll, the Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll (in each 
case where relevant) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee (where applicable), the Deed of Covenant, the CIFE 
Substitution Deed Poll, the CNH Industrial Substitution Deed Poll, the Subsidiary Substitution 
Deed Poll (in each case where relevant), the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction: Subject to Condition 18(d), the courts of England have jurisdiction 
to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, 
including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a “Dispute”) and, accordingly, each of the Issuer and any 
Noteholders and Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the jurisdiction of such 
courts. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 18, the Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which 
it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any suit, action or proceedings 
(together referred to as “Proceedings”) in any such court and any claim that any such 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees 
that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and 
binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
(d) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction, and (ii) concurrent Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Appointment of Process Agent: The Issuer appoints CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A., UK 
branch, at its registered office for the time being in England, as its agent for service of process, 
and undertakes that, in the event of CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A., UK branch ceasing 
so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for 
service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. The Issuer agrees that failure by a 
process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect 
the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 126 ---
-106- 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the relevant 
Issuer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
 
 
for its general corporate purposes; or 
 
 
in the case of the issue of “Green Bonds”, to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green 
Projects (as defined below), as further described in the Final Terms. 
 
If, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is any other particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Green Bonds 
 
In relation to (b) above, only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects will be 
denominated as “Green Bonds”. 
 
In the event of a project divestment or if a project no longer meets the eligibility criteria, an amount equal to the 
net proceeds of the Green Bonds will be used to finance or refinance other Eligible Green Projects. See also “Risk 
Factors— Notes issued, if any, as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to green assets.” 
 
“Eligible Green Projects” have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for Green 
Projects set out by the ICMA GBP and include, but are not limited to, projects aimed at addressing the following 
key climate change concerns: 
 
(i) 
renewable energy (including production, transmission, appliances and products);  
 
(ii) 
energy efficiency (such as in new and refurbished buildings, energy storage, district heating, smart grids, 
appliances and products); 
 
(iii) 
pollution prevention and control (including reduction of air emissions, greenhouse gas control, soil 
remediation, waste prevention, waste reduction, waste recycling and energy/emission-efficient waste to 
energy); 
 
(iv) 
environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use (including 
environmentally sustainable agriculture; environmentally sustainable animal husbandry; climate smart 
farm inputs such as biological crop protection or drip-irrigation; environmentally sustainable fishery and 
aquaculture; environmentally-sustainable forestry, including afforestation or reforestation; and 
preservation or restoration of natural landscapes); 
 
(v) 
terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity conservation, (including the protection of coastal, marine and watershed 
environments); 
 
(vi) 
clean transportation (such as electric, hybrid, public, rail, non-motorised, multi-modal transportation, 
infrastructure for clean energy vehicles and reduction of harmful emissions); 
 
(vii) 
sustainable water and wastewater management (including sustainable infrastructure for clean and/or 
drinking water, wastewater treatment, sustainable urban drainage systems and river training and other 
forms of flooding mitigation); 
 
(viii) climate change adaptation (including information support systems, such as climate observation and early 
warning systems); 
 
(ix) 
eco-efficient and/or circular economy adapted products, production technologies and processes (such as 
development and introduction of environmentally sustainable products, with an eco-label or environmental 
certification, resource-efficient packaging and distribution); and

--- Page 127 ---
-107- 
 
 
 
 
 
(x) 
green buildings which meet regional, national or internationally recognised standards or certifications. 
 
In respect of Notes issued as “Green Bonds”, the applicable Final Terms will specify (to the extent known at the 
relevant date): 
 
 
further details of the Eligible Green Projects selected by the relevant Issuer for financing and/or 
refinancing with the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes; and 
 
 
details of periodic updates, including an updated list of the relevant projects financed or refinanced with 
the net proceeds of the Notes and the amounts allocated, any ongoing process of verification, as well as 
any other relevant information such as whether or not any third party opinions and/or reviews will be 
made available in connection therewith and where and/or from whom opinions, reviews and other 
relevant information may be obtained and/or accessed. 
 
Any Notes issued as Green Bonds will be issued in accordance with a green finance framework to be implemented 
by the Group in accordance with the ICMA GBP and which the Group intends will include further information 
on Eligible Green Projects and the relevant eligibility criteria, the process for project evaluation and selection, the 
management of proceeds and post-issuance reporting and verification, in compliance with the ICMA GBP (save 
as may otherwise be disclosed in such framework) (the “Framework”). The Framework will be made available on 
the Group’s website at https://www.cnhindustrial.com/en-us/Pages/homepage.aspx or on such other website as 
may otherwise be specified in the relevant Final Terms on or before the issue of any Notes issued as Green Bonds. 
 
In connection with the issue of any Green Bonds under the Programme, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may 
request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue a Second-party Opinion confirming 
that the Eligible Green Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for 
green projects set out by the ICMA GBP and/or a Second-party Opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as 
an investment in connection with certain environmental and sustainability projects. Any such Second-party 
Opinion will be made available on the Group’s website at https://www.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/Pages/homepage.aspx or on such other website as may otherwise be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Framework nor any Second Party Opinion once available shall be deemed 
to be, incorporated in, and/or form part of, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 128 ---
-108- 
 
 
 
 
CNH INDUSTRIAL N.V. 
Business and Incorporation 
CNH Industrial was incorporated as a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws 
of the Netherlands on November 23, 2012 for the purpose of facilitating the closing of the business combination 
transaction completed on September 29, 2013 between Fiat Industrial S.p.A. and its majority-owned subsidiary 
CNH Global N.V., pursuant to which CNH Industrial succeeded to and assumed by operation of law all of the 
obligations, rights, interests and liabilities of Fiat Industrial S.p.A. and CNH Global N.V. CNH Industrial was 
originally named FI CBM Holdings N.V. but its name was changed effective September 29, 2013. Under its 
current articles of association (the “Articles of Association”), CNH Industrial has an unlimited duration. During 
2021, CNH Industrial completed a strategic project to separate the Iveco Group Business from the CNH Industrial 
Group Business by way of the Demerger, effective January 1, 2022. CNH Industrial’s corporate seat (statutaire 
zetel) is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and its principal office is located at 25 St. James’s Street, London, SW1A 
1HA, United Kingdom. Its telephone number is +44-207-7660-346 and it is registered in the Amsterdam Chamber 
of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 56532474 and in the Companies House in the United 
Kingdom under number FC031116 BR016181.  
The common shares of CNH Industrial have been admitted to listing on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) 
and on the Mercato Telematico Azionario managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (“MTA”) since September 30, 2013.  
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors may have three or more members. All directors, 
other than Ms. Bastioli and Ms. Tamsons, were appointed by the Company’s shareholders at the Annual General 
Meeting of Shareholders (“AGM”) on April 15, 2021. Ms. Bastioli and Ms. Tamsons were appointed by the 
Company’s shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders held on December 23, 2021. 
Pursuant to Article 13(3) of the Articles of Association, the term of office of all Directors shall be for a period of 
approximately one year after appointment, such period expiring on the day the first AGM is held in the following 
year. Accordingly, the term of office of the current Board of Directors expires on 13 April, 2022, the anticipated 
date of the Company’s next AGM, at which shareholders will appoint the Company’s Directors. Each Director 
may be re-appointed at any subsequent AGM. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of 
Directors are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Suzanne Heywood 
Scott W. Wine 
Léo W. Houle(2)(3)(*) 
Catia Bastioli(2)(3)(**) 
Howard W. Buffett(2)(3)(**) 
John Lanaway(1)(**) 
Alessandro Nasi(2)(3) 
Vagn Sørensen(1)(**) 
Åsa Tamsons (1)(**) 
Chair 
Chief Executive Officer  
Director 
Director 
Director 
Director  
Director 
Director 
Director 
 
 
____________ 
(1) 
Member of the Audit Committee 
(2) 
Member of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee 
(3) 
Member of the Human Capital and Compensation Committee 
(*) 
Independent Director and Senior Non-Executive Director 
(**)           Independent Director 
 
 
The biographies of the members of the Board of Directors are as follows (including significant principal activities 
performed by them outside the Group):

--- Page 129 ---
-109- 
 
 
 
 
 
Suzanne Heywood, Chair (Executive-Director): Suzanne Heywood became a Managing Director of 
Exor in 2016. Prior to that she worked at McKinsey & Company which she joined as an associate in 
1997 and left as a Senior Partner (Director) in 2016. Suzanne co-led McKinsey’s global service line on 
organisation design for several years and also worked extensively on strategic issues with clients across 
different sectors. She has published a book, “Reorg,” and multiple articles on these topics and has also 
acted as a visiting lecturer at Tsinghua University in Beijing. Suzanne started her career in the UK 
Government as a Civil Servant in the UK Treasury. At the Treasury, she worked as Private Secretary to 
the Financial Secretary (who is responsible for all direct taxation issues) as well as leading thinking on 
the Government’s privatisation policy and supporting the Chancellor in his negotiations at ECOFIN (the 
meeting of European Finance Ministers) in Brussels. Prior to that she studied science at Oxford 
University (BA) and then at Cambridge University (PhD). Lady Heywood is Chair of Iveco Group N.V. 
and Shang Xia. She is also a non-executive director of Juventus, Louboutin and The Economist, Deputy 
Chair of the Royal Opera House and a director of the Royal Academy of Arts Trust. She grew up sailing 
around the world for ten years on a yacht with her family recreating Captain James Cook’s third voyage 
around the world. Born in 1969, British citizenship. Date of first appointment: April 15, 2016. 
 
Scott W. Wine, Chief Executive Officer (Executive-Director): Scott W. Wine is the Chief Executive 
Officer of CNH Industrial and an executive director on the Company's Board of Directors. Leading a 
workforce of over 35,000 across the globe, Mr. Wine assumes complete accountability for the Company's 
results, while ensuring it delivers them in accordance with the highest ethical standards. His focus is on 
best supporting CNH Industrial's dealers and customers through a diverse and inclusive workforce, 
industry leading technology, exceptional safety and quality, and unmatched innovation. Mr. Wine has an 
exceptional track record as a proven leader, with both considerable international experience across a 
variety of industries, and extensive mergers and acquisitions expertise in the U.S., Europe and Asia. Prior 
to joining CNH Industrial in 2021, he was Chairman and CEO of Polaris Inc., a manufacturer of off-road 
vehicles, electric cars, motorcycles, snowmobiles and boats. He joined Polaris in 2008 as Chief Executive 
Officer and was named Chairman in 2013. In 2007, Mr. Wine joined UTC Fire and Security, a subsidiary 
of United Technologies Corporation, as President of Fire Safety America. From 2003 to 2007 he held 
positions of increasing importance across a range of Danaher Corporation companies, serving as 
President of Jacobs Vehicle Systems, a commercial truck braking systems manufacturer, from 2003 until 
2006, when he became President of The VeederRoot Co., a manufacturer of fuel-tank measuring 
equipment. In 1996, Mr. Wine joined Allied Signal Corp, a U.S. aerospace, automotive and engineering 
company. Following its 1999 acquisition of Honeywell, in 2001, Mr. Wine assumed the role of Managing 
Director of Honeywell Aerospace GmbH, based in Germany, before being appointed Vice President of 
the European Engine Services Division. From 1989 to 1996 he served as a supply officer in the United 
States Navy. Mr. Wine holds an MBA from the University of Maryland and a bachelor's degree from the 
United States Naval Academy. He serves on the Boards of U.S. Bancorp and the U.S. Naval Academy 
Foundation. Born in 1967, he holds American citizenship. Date of first appointment: April 15, 2021. 
 
Catia Bastioli, Director (Non-Executive Director – independent), Member of the Environmental, 
Social, and Governance Committee, Member of the Human Capital and Compensation Committee: 
Catia Bastioli is the CEO of Novamont, an international leader in the bioplastics sector and in the 
development of biochemicals. Ms. Bastioli joined Novamont in 1991, initially as its technical director, 
before being appointed general manager and subsequently CEO. During her tenure as CEO she has 
transformed Novamont from a research centre into a reference company in the field of Circular 
Bioeconomy. Ms. Bastioli started her career at Montedison, Italy's largest chemical group, helping found 
the Fertec Research Center for renewable raw materials, with Fertec merging with Novamont in 1991. 
Ms. Bastioli has been a member of European Union High Level Groups on climate change, the 
environment and renewable raw materials – such as the High-Level Panel on Decarbonization Pathways 
Initiative and the Mission Board on Soil Health and Food. She is the first inventor of about 80 patent 
families in the sector of biopolymers and transformation processes of renewable raw materials, and was 
named European Inventor of the Year in 2007 for her inventions related to starch-based bioplastics 
between 1991 and 2001. Ms. Bastioli served as the President of Terna S.p.A., the first grid operator for 
electricity transmission in Europe, from 2014 to 2020, is a former Board Member of the charitable 
Fondazione Cariplo, is the CEO of the Italian Cluster of Circular Bioeconomy SPRING and is the 
President of the Kyoto Club Association – a non-profit organisation which raises awareness about the 
importance of the green and circular economy in order to reach the goals of the Paris Agreement. Ms.

--- Page 130 ---
-110- 
 
 
 
 
Bastioli attended the University of Perugia in Italy and obtained a Master's degree in Chemistry and a 
Master’s degree from the Business Management School Luigi Bocconi University in Milan, Italy. She 
was also granted an Honorary Doctoral Degree in Civil, Chemical, Environmental and Materials 
Engineering by “Alma Mater Studiorum” University of Bologna, Italy (2019), a Honoris Causa Degree 
in Business Economics by University of Foggia, Italy (2018), a Honoris Causa Degree in Materials 
Engineering by University of Palermo, Italy (2016) and a Honoris Causa Degree in Industrial Chemistry 
by the University of Genoa, Italy (2008). In 2017 she was given the honorary title of Knighthood 
“Cavaliere del Lavoro” by the President of the Italian Republic Sergio Mattarella. Born in 1957, Italian 
citizenship. Date of first appointment: December 23, 2021. 
 
Howard W. Buffett, Director (Non-Executive Director – independent), Member of the 
Environmental, Social, and Governance Committee, Member of the Human Capital and 
Compensation Committee: Howard W. Buffett was appointed Director of CNH Industrial in April 2020. 
He is a Professor at Columbia University’s School of International and Public Affairs in New York, 
U.S.A., with research focused on ESG, sustainability, and impact measurement and management. He 
also serves on the Advisory Committee on Socially Responsible Investing, which advises the University's 
$14 billion endowment on social and environmental investment policies. Previously he was a Professor 
of Practice at the College of Agricultural Sciences and Natural Resources at the University of Nebraska-
Lincoln, U.S.A. Earlier in his career, Howard W. Buffett was the Executive Director of the Howard G. 
Buffett Foundation. He also held a variety of roles in the U.S. government, including in the U.S. 
Department of Defense, where he oversaw economic stabilization and redevelopment programs in Iraq 
and Afghanistan. For his work in Afghanistan, he received the Joint Civilian Service Commendation 
Award. Howard W. Buffett also served as Policy Advisor for the White House Domestic Policy Council 
and in the Office of the Secretary at the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Howard W. Buffett serves on 
several Corporate Boards and Advisory Boards including Toyota Motor North America, Inari 
Agriculture, REEF Technology, S2G Ventures and State Book International. He chairs the Advisory 
Council for Harvard University’s International Negotiation Program and serves on several non-profit 
Advisory Boards, including the Daugherty Water for Food Global Institute, the Learning by Giving 
Foundation, and the Chicago Council on Global Affair’s Center on Global Food and Agriculture Panel 
of Advisors. Howard W. Buffett is also a former Term Member of the Council on Foreign Relations. A 
New York Times bestselling author, Howard W. Buffett holds a Bachelor of Science in Communications 
Science and Political Science from Northwestern University, U.S.A. and a Master’s in Public Policy and 
Administration in Advanced Management and Finance from Columbia University, U.S.A., and executive 
education certificates from Harvard Business School, U.S.A. Born in 1983, U.S. citizenship. Date of first 
appointment: April 16, 2020. 
 
Léo W. Houle, Director (Senior Non-Executive Director – independent), Chairperson of the 
Human Capital and Compensation Committee, Member of the Environmental, Social and 
Governance Committee: Mr. Houle was a Director of CNH Global N.V. from April 7, 2006 until the 
merger of the company into CNH Industrial. On September 6, 2011, Mr. Houle was appointed to the 
Board of Directors of Chrysler Group LLC now known as FCA US LLC until June 2016 when all public 
debt of the company was repaid and its public listing ceased. Mr. Houle was Chief Talent Officer of BCE 
Inc. and Bell Canada, Canada’s largest communications company, from June 2001 until his retirement 
in July 2008. Prior to joining BCE and Bell Canada, Mr. Houle was Senior Vice-President, Corporate 
Human Resources of Algroup Ltd., a Swiss-based diversified industrial company. From 1966 to 1987, 
Mr. Houle held various managerial positions with the Bank of Montreal, the last of which was Senior 
Manager, Human Resources, Administration Centers. In 1987, Mr. Houle joined the Lawson Mardon 
Group Limited and served as Group Vice-President, Human Resources until 1994 when Algroup Ltd. 
acquired Lawson Mardon Group at which time he was appointed Head of Human Resources for the 
packaging division of Algroup and in 1997 Head of Corporate Human Resources of Algroup, Ltd. Mr. 
Houle completed his studies at the College Saint Jean in Edmonton, attended the Executive Development 
Program in Human Resources at the University of Western Ontario in 1987 and holds the designation of 
Certified Human Resources Professional (CHRP) from the Province of Ontario. Born in 1947, Canadian 
citizenship. Date of first appointment: September 29, 2013.  
 
John Lanaway, Director (Non-Executive Director – independent), Chairperson of the Audit 
Committee: Mr. Lanaway was elected a director of CNH Industrial N.V. in September 2013. Mr.

--- Page 131 ---
-111- 
 
 
 
 
Lanaway previously served as a director of CNH Global N.V. from 2006 to 2013. On September 6, 2011, 
Mr. Lanaway was appointed to the Board of Directors of Chrysler Group LLC now known as FCA US 
LLC until June 2016 when all public debt of the company was repaid and its public listing ceased. His 
work and academic background includes: 2011–Present, independent consultant; 2007-2011, Executive 
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, North America at McCann Erickson; 2001-2007, various 
positions of increasing responsibility at Ogilvy North America, finally as Senior Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer; 1999-2001, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President at Geac Computer 
Corporation Limited; 1997-1999, Chief Financial Officer at Algorithmics Incorporated; 1995-1997, 
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Spar Aerospace; 1993-1994, Sector Vice President, 
Labels North America at Lawson Mardon Group Limited; 1989-1993, Group Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer at Lawson Mardon Group Limited; 1988-1989, General Manager at Lawson Mardon 
Graphics; 1985-1988, Vice President, Financial Reporting and Control at Lawson Mardon Group 
Limited; 1980-1985, Client Service Partner at Deloitte; and 1971-1980 Student-Staff Accountant-
Supervisor-Manager at Deloitte. Mr. Lanaway graduated from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
Ontario, C.A. and has a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Toronto. Born in 1950, American, 
Canadian and British citizenship. Date of first appointment: September 29, 2013.  
 
Alessandro Nasi, Director (Non-Executive Director), Chairperson of the Environmental, Social, 
and Governance Committee, Member of the Human Capital and Compensation Committee: 
Alessandro Nasi started his career as a financial analyst in several banks, gaining experience at Europlus 
Asset Management, a division of UniCredit in Dublin, Ireland, PricewaterhouseCoopers in Turin, Italy, 
Merrill Lynch and JP Morgan in New York, U.S.A. He also worked as an Associate in the Private Equity 
Division of JP Morgan Partners in New York, U.S.A. Mr. Nasi joined the Fiat Group in 2005 as manager 
of Corporate and Business Development, heading the APAC division and supporting Fiat Group sectors 
in Asia Pacific. In 2007, Mr. Nasi was appointed Vice President of Business Development and a member 
of the Steering Committee of Fiat Powertrain Technologies. In 2008, he joined CNH in the role of Senior 
Vice President of Business Development and from 2009 to 2011 he also served as Senior Vice President 
of Network Development. In January 2011, he was also appointed Secretary of the Industrial Executive 
Council of Fiat Industrial, continuing in the role of Executive Coordinator to the successor Group 
Executive Council of CNH Industrial until January 2019. In 2013 he was appointed President Specialty 
Vehicles, a role he held until January 2019. Mr. Nasi is a Director of Giovanni Agnelli B.V., Vice 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of EXOR N.V., Chairman of Comau, Chairman of Iveco Defence 
Vehicles (an affiliate of Iveco Group) and Chairman of Astra Veicoli Industriali (an affiliate of Iveco 
Group), Director of CNH Industrial and Chair of its Environmental, Social, and Governance Committee. 
Since November 2019, he is a member of the Advisory Board of the Lego Brand Group. In June 2020 
he was appointed Non-Executive, Independent Director of GVS S.p.A. Mr. Nasi obtained a degree in 
Economics from the University of Turin. Born in 1974, Italian citizenship. Date of first appointment: 
April 12, 2019.  
 
Vagn Sørensen, Director (Non-Executive Director—independent), Member of the Audit 
Committee: Vagn Sørensen was appointed Director of CNH Industrial in April 2020. He has spent the 
majority of his executive career in the aviation industry. After a 17-year career with Scandinavian 
Airlines, where he held the position of deputy CEO, from 2001 to 2006 he served as the CEO of Austrian 
Airlines. Following this, he has pursued a career as an Independent Director, primarily in the leisure, 
hotel and aviation sectors. His appointments, however, also encompass additional sectors including 
software development, telecommunications and heavy machinery. Mr. Sørensen can draw on some 20 
years’ experience in private equity, primarily gained with EQT. Mr. Sørensen is currently Chairman of 
F L Smidth, Air Canada, and Scandlines. He serves as an Independent Director on the Board of Royal 
Caribbean Cruises. He also sits on the Boards of Parques Reunidos, VFS Global and is a member of the 
Board of Trustees of the Rock’n Roll Forever Foundation. Mr. Sørensen has previously been the 
Chairman of British Midland Airways, Scandic Hotels Group, Automic Software, Bureau van Dijk, 
KMD and Flying Tiger Copenhagen. He was a Member of the Supervisory Board of Lufthansa Cargo, 
Deputy Chairman of DFDS, Chairman of the Association of European Airlines, a Member of the Board 
of the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and was Chairman of TDC A/S, the Danish 
incumbent telecommunications operator. Mr. Sørensen attended the Aarhus Business School in Denmark, 
and obtained a Master of Science degree in Economics and Business Administration. Born in 1959, 
Danish citizenship. Date of first appointment: April 16, 2020.

--- Page 132 ---
-112- 
 
 
 
 
 
Åsa Tamsons, Director (Non-Executive Director—independent), Member of the Audit Committee: 
Åsa Tamsons is a Senior Vice President and Head of Business Area Technologies and New Businesses 
at Ericsson, where she is also a member of the Company's Executive Team. Ms. Tamsons primary focus 
is on driving growth in new business areas targeting the enterprise market and creating new revenue 
streams for Ericsson, with emphasis on SaaS and software centric connectivity offerings. The objective 
is to help the Company's customers, and the broader enterprise market, realise the full potential of 5G, 
IoT and future technologies. Ms. Tamsons drives a business portfolio encompassing the 
commercialisation and licensing of Ericsson's 57,000+ patents, Cradlepoint – the U.S.-based market 
leader in Wireless WAN Edge solutions for the enterprise market, Ericsson's global IoT platform 
business, its Private Network business with products used by industry companies and the public safety 
sector, as well as the new Small-Medium Business Solutions focusing on connectivity offerings to the 
SMB market, and a number of other emerging businesses in incubation stage through the innovation hub 
Ericsson ONE. The business portfolio also includes the global number portability leader, iconectiv, as 
well as the fully owned subsidiary RedBee Media, where Ms. Tamsons serves on the board. Previously, 
between 2018 and 2020, Ms. Tamsons was also responsible for Ericsson's Group Strategy, M&A and 
Corporate Venture Capital investments. Ms. Tamsons joined Ericsson as a Partner from McKinsey where, 
between 2006 and 2017, she served tech, telecom and industrial companies around the world. She has 
worked across the world and during her career has been based in Stockholm, Paris, Singapore, San 
Francisco and Sao Paulo. Ms. Tamsons holds a Master of Science in Business Administration from the 
Stockholm School of Economics in Sweden. Born in 1981, Swedish citizenship. Date of first 
appointment: December 23, 2021. 
The term of office of all members of the Board of Directors is for a period of approximately one year after 
appointment, such period expiring on the day the first Annual General Meeting of Shareholders is held in the 
following calendar year. The general meeting of shareholders has the power to dismiss any member of the Board 
of Directors at any time. 
Senior Managers 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the senior managers of CNH Industrial are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Scott Wine 
Chief Executive Officer 
Derek Neilson 
President Agriculture  
Stefano Pampalone 
President Construction 
Oddone Incisa 
Chief Financial Officer, President Financial Services  
Brad Crews 
President North America 
Carlo Alberto Sisto 
President EMEA 
Vilmar Fistarol 
President Latin America  
Chun Woytera 
President Asia Pacific 
Parag Garg 
Chief Digital Officer 
Tom Verbaeten 
Chief Supply Chain Officer 
Scott Moran 
Chief CNH Industrial Business System Officer 
Kevin Barr 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
Marc Kermisch 
Chief Information Officer and ad interim Chief Technology & 
Quality Officer 
Roberto Russo 
Chief Legal and Compliance Officer 
Kelly Manley 
Chief Diversity & Inclusion, Sustainability and Transformation 
Officer 
Michele Lombardi 
Senior Vice President of Corporate Development 
Carlo De Bernardi 
Senior Vice President of Internal Audit 
Laura Overall 
Senior Vice President of Communication 
 
The business address of the Board of Directors and the senior managers is c/o CNH Industrial, 25 St. James’s 
Street, London, SW1A 1HA, United Kingdom.

--- Page 133 ---
-113- 
 
 
 
 
As far as CNH Industrial is aware, neither the directors nor the senior managers of CNH Industrial have any 
potential conflicts of interest between any duties to CNH Industrial and private interests or other duties. 
Under Article 16 of the Articles of Association, the general authority to represent CNH Industrial shall be vested 
in the Board of Directors, as well as in each of the executive directors to whom the title Chairman or Chief 
Executive Officer has been granted. 
Major Shareholders 
The Articles of Association provide for authorised share capital of €40 million, divided into 2 billion common 
shares and 2 billion special voting shares to be held with associated common shares, each with a per share par 
value of €0.01. As of December 31, 2021, the Company’s share capital was €18 million (equivalent to $25 
million), fully paid-in, and consisted of 1,364,400,196 common shares (1,356,077,000 common shares 
outstanding, net of 8,323,196 common shares held in treasury by the Company) and 396,474,276 special voting 
shares (371,218,250 special voting shares outstanding, net of 25,256,026 special voting shares held in treasury by 
the Company).  
The following table sets forth information with respect to ownership of the Company’s common share capital in 
excess of 3% as of December 31, 2021 based on publicly available information and other sources available to the 
Company. 
Name of Beneficial Owner 
Number of Common Shares 
Beneficially Owned 
Percentage Owned (d) 
EXOR N.V.(a) 
366,927,900 
27.1% 
Harris Associates L.P.(b) 
97,910,801 
7.2% 
BlackRock, Inc.(c) 
61,624,450(*) 
4.5% 
____________ 
(a) 
In addition, EXOR N.V. holds 366,927,900 special voting shares; EXOR N.V.'s beneficial ownership in CNH Industrial is 42.5%, 
calculated as the ratio of (i) the aggregate number of common and special voting shares owned by EXOR N.V. and (ii) the aggregate 
number of outstanding common shares and special voting shares of CNH Industrial. There were 1,727,295,250 outstanding common 
shares and special voting shares at December 31, 2021. 
(b) 
Based on a Schedule 13G (Amendment No. 2) filed with the SEC on February 11, 2022, Harris Associates L.P.’s reported beneficial 
ownership in CNH Industrial at December 31, 2021 is 5.7% calculated as the ratio of (i) the number of common shares owned by 
Harris Associates L.P. and (ii) the aggregate number of outstanding common shares and special voting shares of CNH Industrial. 
There were 1,727,295,250 outstanding common shares and special voting shares at December 31, 2021. Based on a filing made by 
Harris Associates L.P., with the public register of substantial holdings and gross short positions held by the AFM on September 24, 
2021, Harris Associates reported having indirect (real) voting rights over 87,178,442 common shares. 
(c) 
Based on the filing made by BlackRock, Inc with the public register of substantial holdings and gross short positions held by the 
AFM on 9 June 2021, BlackRock, Inc reported holding (i) indirectly (real) 50,470,518 common shares with 61,624,450 voting rights 
and (ii) indirectly (potential) 334,854 common shares. BlackRock, Inc.’s beneficial ownership in CNH Industrial is 3.6%(*) 
calculated as the ratio of (i) the number of common shares owned by BlackRock, Inc. and (ii) the aggregate number of outstanding 
common shares and special voting shares of CNH Industrial. There were 1,727,295,250 outstanding common shares and special 
voting shares at December 31, 2021. 
 
 (*)The amount does not include potential holdings where BlackRock, Inc. has a contractual right to indirectly acquire common shares 
potentially enabling the increase of common share and voting rights. 
(d) 
There were 1,356,077,000 common shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021. All these common shares have the same rights and 
entitlements. The “Percent of Common Shares” was calculated by using the publicly disclosed number of owned common shares as 
the numerator, respectively, and the number of the Company’s outstanding common shares as of December 31, 2021 as the 
denominator. 
As of December 31, 2021, EXOR N.V.’s voting power in CNH Industrial as a result of the loyalty voting program 
was approximately 42.5%. EXOR N.V., through its voting power, has the ability to significantly influence the 
decisions submitted to a vote of the Company’s shareholders, including approval of annual dividends, the election

--- Page 134 ---
-114- 
 
 
 
 
and removal of directors, mergers or other business combinations, the acquisition or disposition of assets and 
issuances of equity and the incurrence of indebtedness. 
The Company’s common shares are listed and can be traded on either the NYSE in U.S. dollars or the Euronext 
Milan in euro. The special voting shares are not listed on the NYSE or the Euronext Milan, not tradable, and 
transferable only in very limited circumstances and only together with the common shares to which they are 
associated. 
The Company’s shares may be held in the following three ways: 
(i) 
If a shareholder holds common shares directly in his or her own name in the United States, such shares 
are held in registered form in an account at Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the Company’s 
transfer agent; 
(ii) 
Interests in the Company’s common shares that are traded on the NYSE are held through the book-
entry system provided by The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) and are registered in the register of 
shareholders in the name of Cede & Co., as DTC’s nominee. Interests in the common shares traded on 
the Euronext Milan are held through Monte Titoli S.p.A., the Italian central clearing and settlement 
system, as a participant in DTC; 
(iii) 
Special voting shares, the associated common shares and the common shares registered to become 
eligible for receipt of special voting shares are registered in the books and records of the Company’s 
transfer agents in the United States and Italy. The special voting shares, associated common shares and 
those common shares which are registered to become eligible for receipt of special voting shares are 
not freely tradable. The associated common shares and those common shares which are registered to 
become eligible for receipt of special voting shares are only tradable after they are de-registered from 
the loyalty voting program at which time the associated special voting shares are surrendered to the 
Company or the relevant holder loses the right to become eligible to receive special voting shares. 
There is no possibility to hold a special voting share without holding an associated common share.

--- Page 135 ---
-115- 
 
 
 
 
CNH INDUSTRIAL FINANCE EUROPE S.A. 
Business and Incorporation 
CIFE was formed as a company with limited liability (société anonyme) under the laws of the Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg, in particular the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, on 
September 29, 2010, for an unlimited duration. Its registered office is at 291, route d’Arlon, L-1150, Luxembourg, 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, its telephone number is +352 26 73 211, and it is registered in the Luxembourg 
trade and company register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg) under number B-155849. The 
articles of incorporation of CIFE have been published in the Mémorial C, Journal Officiel du Grand-Duché de 
Luxembourg, Recueil des Sociétés et Associations under number 2185 of October 15, 2010. The articles of 
incorporation of CIFE were amended on December 17, 2010 (published in the Mémorial C, Journal Officiel du 
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, Recueil des Sociétés et Associations under number 546 of March 23, 2011) and on 
October 14, 2013 (published in the Mémorial C, Journal Officiel du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, Recueil des 
Sociétés et Associations under number 2623 of October 22, 2013) to reflect the change of the name of CIFE from 
Fiat Industrial Finance Europe S.A. to CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A.  
 
CIFE, which is 60 percent owned by CNH Industrial and 40 percent owned by CNH Industrial Finance S.p.A., 
which in turn is a wholly owned subsidiary of CNH Industrial, provides cash management and treasury services 
to the CNH Industrial Group’s subsidiaries and serves as the central treasury vehicle of the CNH Industrial Group 
in the international financial markets. Its object, according to Article 3 of its articles of incorporation, is the holding 
of shares in other companies and/or enterprises and the direct and/or indirect financing of the companies and/or 
enterprises in which it holds interests, or which are members of the Group. 
 
As of December 31, 2021, the issued share capital of CIFE is €50 million, represented by 10,000 shares with no 
nominal value. 
Directors 
CIFE is managed by a board of directors comprising four members. The names of the directors are listed below: 
Name 
Position on Board 
Federico Catasta 
Chair  
Stefania Saini 
Director 
Tom Loesch 
Director 
Andrea Savazzi 
Director 
 
The business address for the board of directors is 291, route d’Arlon, L-1150, Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
The directors of CIFE do not hold any relevant positions outside CIFE and/or the CNH Industrial Group that are 
significant with respect to CIFE, and there are no potential conflicts of interest of the members of the board of 
directors between their duties to CIFE and their private interests and/or other duties. 
CIFE’s independent auditors are Ernst & Young S.A.  
There are no recent events particular to CIFE which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of CIFE’s 
solvency.

--- Page 136 ---
-116- 
 
 
 
 
THE CNH INDUSTRIAL GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
During 2021, CNH Industrial completed a strategic project to separate the Iveco Group Business from the CNH 
Industrial Group Business.  
Until December 31, 2021, CNH Industrial was a leading global capital goods company engaged in the design, 
production, marketing, sale, and financing of agricultural and construction equipment, trucks, commercial 
vehicles, buses and specialty vehicles for firefighting, defence and other uses, as well as engines, transmissions 
and axles for those vehicles and engines for marine and power generation applications. At the same date, CNH 
Industrial had industrial and financial services companies located in 44 countries and a commercial presence in 
approximately 180 countries. 
Following the Demerger, effective January 1, 2022, CNH Industrial has become a leading global capital goods 
company engaged in the design, production, marketing, sale, and financing of agricultural and construction 
equipment.  
Until December 31, 2021, CNH Industrial had the following five operating segments: 
Continuing Operations – Industrial Activities Segment 
 Agriculture designs, manufactures and distributes a full line of farm machinery and implements, 
including two-wheel and four-wheel drive tractors, crawler tractors (Quadtrac®), combines, cotton 
pickers, grape and sugar cane harvesters, hay and forage equipment, planting and seeding equipment, 
soil preparation and cultivation implements and material handling equipment. Agricultural 
equipment is sold under the New Holland Agriculture and Case IH brands, as well as the STEYR, 
Kongskilde and Överum brands in Europe and the Miller brand, primarily in North America and 
Australia. 
 Construction designs, manufactures and distributes a full line of construction equipment including 
excavators, crawler dozers, graders, wheel loaders, backhoe loaders, skid steer loaders and compact 
track loaders. Construction equipment is sold under the CASE Construction Equipment and New 
Holland Construction brands. 
Discontinued Operations – Industrial Activities Segment 
 Commercial and Specialty Vehicles designs, manufactures and distributes a full range of light, 
medium and heavy vehicles for the transportation and distribution of goods, under the IVECO brand, 
citybuses, commuter buses under the IVECO BUS (previously Iveco Irisbus) and HEULIEZ BUS 
brands, quarry and mining equipment under the IVECO ASTRA brand, firefighting vehicles under 
the Magirus brand, and vehicles for civil defence and peace-keeping missions under the Iveco 
Defence Vehicles brand. 
 Powertrain designs, manufactures and distributes, under the FPT Industrial brand, a range of 
combustion engines, alternative propulsion systems, transmission systems and axles for on- and off-
road applications, as well as for marine and power generation. 
Financial Services 
 Prior to the Demerger, Financial Services offered a range of financial products and services to 
dealers and customers of both the Iveco Group Business and the CNH Industrial Group Business. 
Financial Services provided and administered retail financing to customers for the purchase or lease 
of new and used vehicles and other equipment sold by CNH Industrial brand dealers. In addition, 
Financial Services provided wholesale financing to CNH Industrial brand dealers. Wholesale 
financing consisted primarily of floor plan financing and allowed the dealers to purchase and

--- Page 137 ---
-117- 
 
 
 
 
maintain a representative inventory of products. Financial Services also provided trade receivables 
factoring services to CNH Industrial companies.  
Following the Demerger, the European operations of CNH Industrial Financial Services will be 
separated as follows: the receivable portfolios related to the captive activity of each group (CNH 
Industrial and Iveco Group), together with the related funding, will be attributed to each group, while 
the servicing of these separated portfolios will be performed by the Iveco Group Financial Services 
segment. CNH Industrial will provide financial services to Iveco Group companies in the rest of the 
world. 
PRODUCTS  
Agriculture  
To capitalise on customer loyalty to its dealers and its brands, Agriculture’s product lines are sold primarily under 
the Case IH and New Holland Agriculture brands as well as the STEYR brand in Europe and the Miller brand, 
primarily in North America and Australia. Certain agricultural equipment products are also sold under the 
Kongskilde, Överum, K-Line and JF brands. The Group believes that these brands enjoy high levels of brand 
identification and loyalty among both customers and dealers. 
Although newer generation tractors have a high percentage of common mechanical components, each brand and 
product remains differentiated by features, colour, interior and exterior styling, warranty terms, technology 
offering and model designation. Flagship products such as row crop tractors and large combine harvesters may 
have significantly greater differentiation. 
Distinctive features that are specific to a particular brand such as the Supersteer® tractor axle or Twin Rotor 
combine threshing technology for New Holland, the Case IH tracked four wheel drive tractor, Quadtrac®, and the 
front axle mounted hitch for STEYR tractors remain an important part of each brand’s unique identity.  
Agriculture’s product lines include tractors, combine harvesters, hay and forage equipment, seeding and planting 
equipment, and self-propelled sprayers. Agriculture also specialises in other key market segments like cotton 
picker packagers and sugar cane harvesters, where Case IH is a worldwide leader, and in self-propelled grape 
harvesters, where New Holland is a worldwide leader. These brands each offer parts and support services for all 
of their product lines. The Group’s agricultural equipment is sold with a limited warranty that typically runs from 
one (1) to three (3) years. 
Case IH and New Holland Agriculture brands enable their customers to visualize and share in-depth, real-time 
machine information within the respective AFS-PLM Farm solution and offers data sharing to a vast number of 
third party providers at full control of the customer. Agriculture launched the AGXTENDTM brand, focused 
exclusively on aftermarket precision farming technology solutions. AGXTENDTM is designed to provide the 
Group’s dealers and customers access to innovative and more sustainable productivity enhancing precision 
farming technologies operating seamlessly with the rest of the CNH Industrial Digital and Precision Solution 
offering. 
AFS and PLM Farm (previously AgDNA) is an industry leading Farm Management Information System that 
automatically collects and analyses data from equipment manufactured by CNH Industrial’s and other third-party 
manufacturers. The cloud-based platform analyses equipment, agronomic and environmental data to deliver 
actionable insights directly to customers’ smartphones and tablets to help them maximise the agronomic 
performance of their CNH Industrial and other equipment to increase farm profitability.  
Raven Industries, Inc., formerly a long-term strategic supplier, was acquired in order to expand the Group’s 
portfolio of precision agriculture technology offerings and to accelerate the development of advanced machine 
automation and autonomous agriculture technology. 
Raven Applied Technology designs, manufactures, sells, and services innovative precision agriculture products, 
autonomous solutions, and information management tools, which are collectively referred to as precision 
agriculture equipment, that help farmers reduce costs, more precisely control inputs, and improve farm yields for

--- Page 138 ---
-118- 
 
 
 
 
the global agriculture market. The Applied Technology product families include application controls, 
GPS-guidance steering systems, field computers, automatic boom controls, advanced machine automation 
including autonomous agriculture technology and platforms, information management tools, and injection 
systems. Applied Technology's services include high-speed in-field internet connectivity and cloud-based data 
management. 
Construction  
Construction’s product lines are sold primarily under the CASE Construction Equipment and New Holland 
Construction brands. CASE provides a wide range of products on a global scale, including crawler excavators and 
mini-excavators. The New Holland Construction brand family also markets a full product line of construction 
equipment in South America and focuses on light equipment distributed by the Agriculture network in the other 
regions. 
Construction’s products often share common components to achieve economies of scale in manufacturing, 
purchasing, and development. Construction differentiates these products based on the relative product value, 
technology, design concept, productivity, product serviceability, colour and styling to preserve the unique identity 
of each brand. 
Heavy construction equipment product lines include general construction equipment such as large excavators and 
wheel loaders, and road building and site preparation equipment such as compactors, graders and dozers. Light 
construction equipment is also known as compact and service equipment, and its product lines include backhoe 
loaders, skid steer and tracked loaders, mini and midi excavators, and compact wheel loaders. The brands each 
offer parts and support services for all of their product lines. The Group’s construction equipment is generally 
sold with a limited warranty that typically runs from one to two years. 
The Group continues to evaluate its Construction business with a view toward increasing efficiencies and 
profitability as well as evaluating its strategic alliances to improve its position in key markets. In 2021, the Group 
completed the acquisition of Sampierana S.p.A., which provides Construction with direct control over technology 
and manufacturing of Mini Excavators. 
Commercial and Specialty Vehicles  
Trucks and Commercial Vehicles (IVECO and IVECO ASTRA) 
Under the IVECO brand, the Group produces a range of light, medium, and heavy trucks and commercial vehicles 
for both on-road and off-road use, with approximately 3,700 different models available. The Group’s key products 
include the Daily, a vehicle that covers the 3.5 to 7.5 ton vehicle weight range, the Eurocargo, that covers the 7.5 
to 16 ton range, and the Heavy Duty Trucks with vehicle weight over 16 ton, which include the Trakker, a vehicle 
capable of off-road transport, and the S-Way, dedicated to on-road transport. The product offering is 
complemented by a series of aftersales and used vehicle assistance services. 
Light vehicles include on-road vans and chassis cabs used for short and medium distance transportation and 
distribution of goods, and off-road trucks for use in quarries and other work sites. The Group also offers shuttle 
vehicles used by public transportation authorities, tourist operators, hotels and sports clubs and campers for 
recreational travel. 
The medium and heavy vehicle product lines include on-road chassis cabs designed for medium and long distance 
hauling and distribution. Medium Gross Vehicle Weight (“GVW”) off-road models are typically used for building 
roads, winter road maintenance, construction, transportation, maintenance of power lines and other installations 
in off-road areas, civil protection and roadside emergency service. Heavy GVW off-road models are designed to 
operate in virtually any climate and on any terrain and are typically used to transport construction plant materials, 
transport and mix concrete, maintain roads in winter and transport exceptionally heavy loads. 
The Group offers ecological diesel and natural gas engines on its entire range of vehicles. The Group continues 
to develop engines with specific components and configurations optimised for use with compressed natural gas

--- Page 139 ---
-119- 
 
 
 
 
and liquefied natural gas  and the Group has developed a comprehensive roadmap for the introduction in the 
market of a complete range of zero emission vehicles (from Light to Heavy). 
Under the IVECO ASTRA brand, the Group builds vehicles that can enter otherwise inaccessible quarries and 
mines and move large quantities of material, such as rock or mud, and perform heavy-duty tasks in extreme 
climatic conditions. The Group’s product range for IVECO ASTRA includes mining and construction vehicles, 
rigid and articulated dump trucks and other special vehicles. 
Buses (IVECO BUS and HEULIEZ BUS) 
Under the IVECO BUS and HEULIEZ BUS brands, the Group offers local and inter-city commuter buses, 
minibuses, school buses and tourism coaches. IVECO BUS is one of the major European manufacturers in the 
passenger transport sector, and is expanding its activities globally. HEULIEZ BUS produces city buses for public 
transportation and is a leader in France for the urban bus market. The Group’s bus segment also benefits from 
sharing technology with IVECO trucks and commercial vehicles. 
Specialty Vehicles (Magirus and Iveco Defence Vehicles) 
Under the Magirus brand, the Group manufactures vehicles designed to respond to natural disasters and civil 
emergencies, such as fires, floods, earthquakes and explosions, using new digital and innovative technologies. 
Iveco Defence Vehicles develops and manufactures specialised vehicles for defence missions and civil protection. 
Powertrain  
Powertrain is dedicated to the design, development, manufacture and sale of combustion engines, transmissions 
and axles under the FPT Industrial brand. 
FPT Industrial’s product portfolio includes engines for buses and for light, medium and heavy commercial 
vehicles, engines for industrial machinery including construction, agricultural and industrial equipment, engines 
for special-purpose vehicles and engines for power generation units and marine applications.  
FPT Industrial’s product line-up is completed by versions that use alternative fuels, including engines that run on 
natural gas and engines compatible with renewable diesel (such as hydro-treated vegetable oil or xTL). With more 
than 20 years of experience in the research, development and production of natural gas engine technologies for 
industrial applications, FPT Industrial is an industry leader in this field. In 2018, a dedicated E-Powertrain team 
was established to develop dedicated projects in the e-powertrain field in industrial applications.  
SALES AND DISTRIBUTION 
Agriculture and Construction  
Agriculture sells and distributes products through approximately 2,500 full-line dealers and distributors with over 
6,500 points of sale. Construction sells and distributes products through approximately 470 full-line dealers and 
distributors with over 1,500 points of sale. Agriculture and Construction’s dealers are almost all independently 
owned and operated. Some Agriculture dealers also sell construction equipment. In the United States, Canada, 
Mexico, most of Western Europe, Brazil, Argentina, India, China, Russia, Thailand, Australia, and South Africa 
products are generally distributed directly through the independent dealer network. In the rest of the world, 
products are either sold to independent distributors who then resell to dealers, or to importers who have their own 
branches to sell product to retail customers. In both cases, the importers/distributors can take advantage of their 
size and knowledge of the market to minimise their marketing costs. 
Consistent with the Group’s brand promotion programme, it generally seeks to have dealers sell a full range of 
the Group’s products. Typically, greater market penetration is achieved where each dealer sells the full line of 
products from only one of the brands. Although appointing dealers to sell more than one brand is not part of the 
Group’s business model, some joint dealers exist, either for historic reasons or in limited markets where it is not 
feasible to have a separate dealer for each brand. In some cases, dealerships are operated under common ownership

--- Page 140 ---
-120- 
 
 
 
 
but with separate points of sale for each brand. In each region, the Group seeks to optimise its distribution strategy 
to maximise customer satisfaction and sales while reducing structural costs.  
In North America and Australia, a trade-in of used equipment typically accompanies the sale of new equipment 
to end-users. The Group often provides marketing assistance to its dealers to support the sale of used, trade-in 
equipment through subsidised financing incentives, inventory carrying cost defrayment, or other methods. 
Exclusive, dedicated dealers generally provide a higher level of market penetration. Some dealers may sell 
complementary products manufactured by other suppliers to complete their product offerings or to satisfy local 
demand for a particular specialty application or segment. 
A strong dealer network with wide geographic coverage is a critical element in the success of Agriculture and 
Construction. The Group works to enhance its dealer network through the expansion of its product lines and 
customer services, including enhanced financial services offerings, and an increased focus on dealer support. To 
assist dealers in building rewarding relationships with their customers, focused customer satisfaction programmes 
have been introduced and they are expected to incorporate customer input into the relevant product development 
and service delivery processes. 
As the equipment rental business becomes a more significant factor in both the agricultural and construction 
equipment markets, Agriculture and Construction are continuing to support their dealer network by facilitating 
sales of equipment to the local, regional and national rental companies through their dealers as well as by 
encouraging dealers to develop their own rental activities. A strong dealer service network is required to maintain 
the rental equipment, and to help ensure that the equipment remains at peak performance levels both during its 
life as rental equipment and afterward when resold into the used equipment market. Agriculture and Construction 
have launched several programmes to support their dealer service and rental operations, including training, 
improved dealer standards, financing, and advertising. As the rental market is a capital-intensive sector and 
sensitive to cyclical variations, the Group expands such activities gradually, with special attention to managing 
the resale of rental units into the used equipment market by its dealers, who can utilise this opportunity to improve 
their customer base and generate additional parts and service business. 
The Group believes that it is generally more cost-effective to distribute its agricultural and construction equipment 
products through independent dealers, although Agriculture and Construction maintain a limited number of 
company-owned dealerships in some markets. As of December 31, 2021, the Group operated two Agriculture and 
Construction dealerships in North America and six company-owned Agriculture and Construction dealerships in 
Europe. The Group also operates a selective dealer development programme in territories with growth potential 
but underdeveloped representation by the Group’s agricultural and construction equipment brands that typically 
involves a transfer of ownership to a qualified operator through a buy-out or private investment after a few years. 
Commercial and Specialty Vehicles  
Commercial and Specialty Vehicles’ worldwide distribution strategy is based on a network of independent dealers, 
in addition to its own dealerships and branches. As of December 31, 2021, Commercial and Specialty Vehicles 
had approximately 670 dealers globally (of which 16 were directly owned by the Group and 11 were branches). 
All dealers sell spare parts for the relevant vehicles. Commercial and Specialty Vehicles bolsters its distribution 
strategy by offering incentives to its dealers based on target achievements for sales of new vehicles and parts and 
providing high quality aftersales services. 
As of December 31, 2021, Commercial and Specialty Vehicles had approximately 5,000 sales and/or service 
network points. In addition to Commercial and Specialty Vehicles' standard one-year full vehicle warranty and 
two-year powertrain warranty, Commercial and Specialty Vehicles offers personalised aftersales customer 
assistance programs. 
A key element of Commercial and Specialty Vehicles’ growth strategy is its distribution network. In Western 
Europe, Eastern Europe, Turkey, Russia, Australia and Latin America, continued consolidation of the distribution 
network is aimed at improving service to customers (such as the implementation of the Truck Stations network of 
specialised workshops), increasing profitability and reducing overall distribution costs. In Africa and the Middle 
East, the distribution network is being expanded to fully exploit growth in these markets.

--- Page 141 ---
-121- 
 
 
 
 
In the UK, Commercial and Specialty Vehicles is one of the few OEMs that sells trucks and other commercial 
vehicles to companies which offer commercial vehicle rental solutions, such as Ryder, Fraikin and Burntree, 
among others. 
Powertrain  
Powertrain provides propulsion solution products for Commercial and Specialty Vehicles, Agriculture, and 
Construction segments, powertrain generation units and marine applications. Additionally, Powertrain’s 
commercial strategy and business model are focused on the development of a portfolio of medium-to-large OEM 
customers. Powertrain has entered into long-term supply agreements with a growing number of third-party 
customers. 
At December 31, 2021, Powertrain has a network of approximately 66 distributors and 703 dealers/service points 
globally that cover its entire product range and related market sectors. Large OEMs use their own internal 
networks to obtain parts and services for purchased equipment, while small OEMs frequently rely on the Group 
for delivery of parts and services through Powertrain’s worldwide network. 
PRICING AND PROMOTION 
The retail price of any particular piece of equipment or vehicle is determined by the individual dealer or distributor 
and generally depends on market conditions, features, options and, potentially, regulatory requirements. Retail 
sale prices may differ from the manufacturer-suggested list prices, as a result of different factors (markets' demand, 
customers' specific requirements, local market conditions, general economic conditions, access to financing, etc.). 
The Group sells most of its portfolio to its dealers and distributors at wholesale prices that reflect a discount from 
the manufacturer-suggested list prices. In the ordinary course of business, the Group engages in promotional 
campaigns that may include price incentives or preferential financing terms with respect to the purchase of certain 
products. 
The Group regularly advertises its products to the community of farmers, builders, transporters and agricultural 
and construction contractors, as well as to distributors and dealers in each of its major markets. To reach its target 
audience, the Group uses a combination of general media, specialised design and trade magazines, the Internet 
and direct mail. The Group also regularly participates in major international and national trade shows and engages 
in co-operative advertising programmes with distributors and dealers. The promotion strategy for each brand 
varies according to the target customers for that brand. 
PARTS AND SERVICES 
The quality and timely availability of parts and services are important competitive factors for each of the Group’s 
businesses, as they are significant elements in overall dealer and customer satisfaction and important 
considerations in a customer’s original equipment purchase decision. The Group supplies parts, many of which 
are proprietary, to support items in the current product line as well as for products the Group has sold in the past. 
The Group also offers personalised aftersales customer assistance programmes that provide a wide range of 
modular and flexible maintenance and repair contracts, as well as warranty extension services, to meet a variety 
of customers’ needs and to support the vehicle’s value over time. Many of the Group’s products can have 
economically productive lives of up to 20 years when properly maintained, and each unit has the potential to 
produce a long-term parts and services revenue stream for the Group and its dealers. 
As of December 31, 2021, the Group operated and administered 46 parts depots worldwide either directly, through 
a joint venture, or through arrangements with warehouse service providers. This network includes 9 parts depots 
in North America, 14 in Europe, 3 in South America, and 20 in Rest of World. The network includes 31 parts 
depots that support Agriculture, 27 that support Construction, 19 that support Commercial and Specialty Vehicles 
and 6 that support Powertrain. These depots supply parts to dealers and distributors, which are responsible for 
sales to retail customers. The Group’s parts depots and parts delivery systems provide customers with access to 
substantially all the parts required to support the Group’s products. 
JOINT VENTURES

--- Page 142 ---
-122- 
 
 
 
 
As part of a strategy to enter and expand in new markets, the Group is also involved in several commercial and/or  
manufacturing joint ventures. At December 31, 2021, these joint ventures included the following which will form 
part of the CNH Industrial Group Business post-Demerger: 
(i) 
in Japan, the Group owns 50.0 percent of New Holland HFT Japan Inc. (“HFT”), which distributes its 
products in Japan. HFT imports and sells the full range of New Holland agricultural equipment; 
(ii) 
in Pakistan, the Group owns 43.2 percent of Al Ghazi Tractors Ltd., which manufactures and distributes 
New Holland tractors; 
(iii) 
in Turkey, the Group owns 37.5 percent of Turk Traktor ve Ziraat Makineleri A.S., which manufactures 
and distributes various models of both New Holland and Case IH tractors; and 
(iv) 
in Mexico, the Group owns 50.0 percent of CNH de Mexico S.A. de C.V., which manufactures New 
Holland agricultural equipment and distributes the Group’s agricultural equipment through one or more 
of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
The following joint ventures will form part of the Iveco Group Business: 
(i) 
in China, the Group controls 60.0 percent of SAIC Fiat Powertrain Hongyan Ltd (“SFH”), a 
manufacturing company located in Chongqing, which produces diesel engines under license from the 
Group to be sold in the Chinese market and to be exported to Europe, the U.S. and Latin America;  
(ii) 
in South Africa, the Group owns 60.0 percent of Iveco South Africa Works (Pty) Ltd., which 
manufactures medium and heavy duty commercial vehicles and buses; and 
(iii) 
in Germany, the Group owns 50.0 percent of Nikola Iveco Europe GmbH, which will manufacture cab 
over battery-electric vehicle and hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicle trucks, jointly developed by Iveco 
and Nikola Corporation. 
FINANCIAL SERVICES 
Financial Services offers a range of financial products and services to dealers and customers in the various regions 
in which it operates. The principal products offered are retail loan and lease financing for the purchase or lease of 
new and used equipment and vehicles, wholesale financing to dealers and factoring of trade receivables from CNH 
Industrial companies. Wholesale financing consists primarily of dealer floor plan financing and gives the dealers 
the ability to maintain a representative inventory of new products. In addition, Financial Services provides 
financing to dealers for used equipment and vehicles taken in trade, equipment utilised in dealer-owned rental 
yards, parts inventory, working capital and other financing needs. As a captive finance business, Financial 
Services is reliant on and supports the operations of Agriculture, Construction, Commercial and Specialty 
Vehicles, and Powertrain, their dealers, and customers. 
Financial Services supports the growth of Industrial Activities by developing and structuring financial products 
with the objective of increasing equipment and vehicle sales as well as profitability and customer loyalty. Financial 
Services’ strategy is to grow a core financing business to support the sale of the Group’s equipment and vehicles 
while at the same time maintaining its portfolio credit quality, service levels, operational effectiveness and 
customer satisfaction. Financial Services also offers products to finance third party equipment and vehicles sold 
through the Group’s dealer network or within the Group’s core businesses. Financed third party equipment and 
vehicles include used equipment and vehicles taken in trade on the Group’s products or equipment used in 
conjunction with or attached to the Group’s products. 
In North America, customer and dealer financing activities, which support the sales of Agriculture and 
Construction, are managed through CNH Industrial’s wholly-owned financial services companies.  
In Europe, there are two joint ventures that provide retail financing to customers of Agriculture, Construction, and 
Commercial and Specialty Vehicles, depending on the country of origin. CNH Industrial Capital Europe S.a.S., a 
joint venture with BNP Paribas Group, is 49.9% owned by CNH Industrial N.V. and accounted for under the

--- Page 143 ---
-123- 
 
 
 
 
equity method, until the Demerger. Post-Demerger, CNH Industrial N.V. will own 24.95% and Iveco Group will 
own 24.95%. Transolver Finance Establecimiento Financiero de Credito S.A. (“Transolver Finance”), a joint 
venture with the Santander Group, is 49% owned by CNH Industrial N.V. and accounted for under the equity 
method until the Demerger. Post-Demerger, Transolver Finance will be part of the Iveco Group. Transolver 
Finance also provides wholesale financing to dealers. Additionally, there are vendor programmes with banking 
partners that provide customer financing of Agriculture, Construction, and Commercial and Specialty Vehicles, 
in different countries. Customer and dealer financing activities not included in the joint ventures or vendor 
programmes, such as factoring of trade receivables, are managed through the Group’s wholly-owned financial 
services companies until the Demerger. Post-Demerger, these activities will be serviced by the Iveco Group, who 
will receive a fee for services rendered. 
Post-Demerger, in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), the Iveco Group Financial Services organisation 
will provide services to the CNH Industrial Post-Demerger Financial Services on customer financing and factoring, 
regulated in a specific Master Service Agreement (Financial Services Master Service Agreement). In Europe, 
CNH Industrial Financial Services S.A. (renamed in 2022 as Iveco Capital Financial Services S.A.), a French 
specialised credit institution with passporting to operate in main European countries, wholly-owned by Iveco 
Group, will manage CNH Industrial Post-Demerger dealer financing through a dedicated securitisation. CNH 
Industrial Capital Solutions S.p.A. will retain the securitisation programme junior notes. 
For South America, customer and dealer financing activities in Brazil are managed through the Group’s wholly-
owned financial services company, Banco CNH Industrial Capital S.A. (“Banco CNH Industrial Capital”) which 
support the sales of Agriculture, Construction, and Commercial and Specialty Vehicles. For customer financing, 
Banco CNH Industrial Capital mainly serves as a lender for funding provided by the Banco Nacional de 
Desenvolvimento Economico e Social (“BNDES”), a federally-owned financial institution linked to the Brazilian 
Ministry of Development, Industry and Foreign Trade. In Argentina, customer and dealer financing activities, 
which support the sales of Agriculture, Construction, and Commercial and Specialty Vehicles, are managed 
through a wholly-owned financial services company. Vendor programmes with banking partners are also in place 
in Argentina. 
Post-Demerger, for South America, Banco CNH Industrial Capital S.A. will support and serve sales of Iveco 
Group with a vendor programmes. Banco CNH Industrial Capital will continue to serve as a lender for Iveco 
Group. In Argentina, CNH Industrial Post-Demerger Financial Services will support and serve sales of Iveco 
Group with a vendor programme. 
For Rest of World, customer and dealer financing activities in Australia, New Zealand, Russia and India are 
managed through wholly-owned financial services companies. In China, dealer financing activities are managed 
through wholly-owned financial services companies. Post-Demerger CNH Industrial Financial Services will 
provide dealer and customer financing activities for Iveco Group in Australia, New Zealand and Russia. CNH 
Industrial Financial Services will continue to provide customer and dealer financing activities for CNH Industrial 
activities in Australia, New Zealand, Russia, India and dealer financing activities in China. 
Customer Financing 
Financial Services has certain retail underwriting and portfolio management policies and procedures that are 
specific to Agriculture, Construction, and Commercial and Specialty Vehicles. This distinction allows Financial 
Services to reduce risk by deploying industry-specific expertise in each of these businesses. The Group provides 
retail financial products primarily through its dealers, who are trained in the use of the various financial products. 
Dedicated credit analysis teams perform retail credit underwriting. The terms for financing equipment and vehicle 
retail sales typically provide for retention of a security interest in the equipment or vehicles financed. 
Financial Services’ guidelines for minimum down payments for equipment and vehicles generally range from 5 
percent to 30 percent of the actual sales price, depending on equipment types, repayment terms and customer 
credit quality. Finance charges are sometimes waived for specified periods or reduced on certain equipment sold 
or leased in advance of the season of use or in connection with other sales promotions. For periods during which 
finance charges are waived or reduced on the retail notes or leases, Financial Services generally receives 
compensation from the applicable Industrial Activities segment based on Financial Services’ estimated costs and

--- Page 144 ---
-124- 
 
 
 
 
a targeted return on equity. The cost is recognised as a reduction in net sales for the applicable Industrial Activities 
segment. 
Dealer Financing 
Financial Services provides wholesale floor plan financing for nearly all of the Group’s dealers. This allows them 
to acquire and maintain a representative inventory of products. Financial Services also provides financing to 
dealers for used equipment taken in trade, equipment utilised in dealer-owned rental yards, parts inventory, 
working capital and other financing needs. For floor plan financing, Financial Services generally provides a fixed 
period of “interest free” financing to the dealers. This practice helps to level fluctuations in factory demand and 
provides a buffer from the impact of sales seasonality. For the “interest-free” period, the applicable Industrial 
Activities segment compensates Financial Services based on Financial Services’ estimated costs and a targeted 
return on equity. The cost is recognised as a reduction in net sales for the applicable Industrial Activities segment. 
After the expiration of any “interest-free” period, interest is charged to dealers on outstanding balances until 
Financial Services receives payment in full. A wholesale underwriting group reviews dealer financial information 
and payment performance to establish credit lines for each dealer. In setting these credit lines, Financial Services 
seeks to meet the reasonable requirements of each dealer while managing its exposure to any one dealer. The 
credit lines are secured by the equipment or vehicles financed. Dealer credit agreements generally include a 
requirement to repay the particular financing at the time of the retail sale of the unit. Financial Services leverages 
employees, third party contractors and new digital technologies like “geo-fencing” to conduct periodic stock 
audits at each dealership to confirm that the financed equipment or vehicle is maintained in inventory. These 
audits are unannounced and their frequency varies by dealer and depends on the dealer’s financial strength, 
payment history and prior performance. 
Factoring 
Financial Services also provides intragroup factoring of trade and other receivables. This activity involves the 
purchase (without recourse) of receivables of CNH Industrial companies, originating from the different Industrial 
Activities segments, and due from third or related parties. 
Sources of Funding 
The long-term profitability of Financial Services’ activities largely depends on the cyclical nature of the industries 
in which the Group operates, interest rate volatility and the ability to access funding on competitive terms. 
Financial Services funds its operations and lending activity through a combination of term receivable 
securitisations, committed secured and unsecured facilities, uncommitted lines of credit, unsecured bonds, 
unsecured commercial paper, affiliated financing and retained earnings. Financial Services’ current funding 
strategy is to maintain sufficient liquidity and flexible access to a wide variety of financial instruments and funding 
options.   
Financial Services has periodically accessed the asset-backed securities ABS markets in the United States, Canada 
and Australia, as part of its retail and wholesale financing programmes when those markets offer funding 
opportunities on competitive terms. Financial Services has also accessed the unsecured bond market in the United 
States, Brazil, Argentina and Australia and the commercial paper market in the United States and France to 
diversify its funding sources. Financial Services’ ability to access these markets will depend, in part, upon general 
economic conditions and Financial Services’ financial condition and portfolio performance. These factors can be 
negatively affected by cyclical swings in the industries in which the Group operates. 
Competition 
The financial services industry is highly competitive. Financial Services competes primarily with banks, 
equipment finance and leasing companies and other financial institutions. Typically, this competition is based 
upon the financial products and services offered, customer service, financial terms and interest rates charged. 
Financial Services’ ability to compete successfully depends upon, among other things, the availability and 
competitiveness of funding resources, the development of competitive financial products and services, and 
licensing or other governmental regulations.

--- Page 145 ---
-125- 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
As a global company with a diverse business portfolio, CNH Industrial in the ordinary course of business is 
exposed to numerous legal risks, including, without limitation, dealer and supplier litigation, intellectual property 
right disputes, product warranty and defective product claims, product performance, asbestos, personal injury, 
emissions and/or fuel economy regulatory and contractual issues, competition law and other investigations and 
environmental claims. The most significant of these matters are described in Note 27 “Commitments and 
contingencies” to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
The outcome of any current or future proceedings, claims or investigations cannot be predicted with certainty. 
Adverse decisions in one or more of these proceedings, claims or investigations could require CNH Industrial to 
pay substantial damages or fines, or undertake service actions, recall campaigns or other costly actions. It is 
therefore possible that legal judgments could give rise to expenses that are not covered, or not fully covered, by 
insurers’ compensation payments and could affect the Group’s financial position and results. When it is probable 
that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle obligations and this amount 
can be reliably estimated CNH Industrial recognises specific provisions for this purpose.  
Although the ultimate outcome of legal matters pending against the Company and its subsidiaries cannot be 
predicted, management believes the reasonable possible range of losses for these unresolved legal matters in 
addition to the amounts accrued would not have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Follow up on Damages Claims: in 2011, Iveco, which, following the Demerger, is now part of the Iveco Group, 
and its competitors in the European Union were subject to an investigation by the European Commission (the 
“Commission”) into certain business practices in the European Union (in the period 1997-2011) in relation to 
medium and heavy trucks. On July 19, 2016, the Commission announced a settlement with Iveco ("the Decision"). 
Following the Decision, the Company, Iveco and Iveco Magirus AG ("IMAG") have been named as defendants 
in proceedings across Europe. The consummation of the Demerger will not allow CNH Industrial to be excluded 
from current and future follow-on proceedings originating from the Decision because under EU competition law 
a company cannot use corporate reorganisations to avoid liability for private damage claims. In the event one or 
more of these judicial proceedings would result in a decision against CNH Industrial ordering it to compensate 
such claimants as a result of the conduct that was the subject matter of the Decision, and Iveco and IMAG do not 
comply with such decisions, as a result of various intercompany arrangements, then CNH Industrial will ultimately 
have recourse against Iveco and IMAG for the reimbursement of the damages effectively paid to such claimants. 
The extent and outcome of these claims cannot be predicted at this time. 
FPT Emissions Investigation: on July 22, 2020, a number of CNH Industrial's offices in Europe were visited by 
investigators in the context of a request for assistance by the public prosecutors of Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
and Turin, Italy in relation to alleged noncompliance of two engine models produced by FPT Industrial, which is 
now part of the Iveco Group, installed in certain Ducato (a vehicle distributed by Stellantis) and Iveco Daily 
vehicles. FPT is providing its full cooperation to properly address the requests received. FPT, other companies of 
Iveco Group and, in certain instances, CNH Industrial and other third parties have received various requests for 
compensation by German and Austrian customers on various contractual and tort grounds, including requests for 
damages resulting out of the termination of the purchase contracts, or in the form of requests for an alleged lower 
residual value of their vehicles as a consequence of the alleged non-compliance with type approval regulations 
regarding emissions. In certain instances, other customers have brought judicial claims on the same legal and 
factual bases. Although, at the date hereof, the Company has been informed by the Iveco Group that it has no 
evidence of any wrongdoing, it cannot predict at this time the extent and outcome of these requests and directly 
or indirectly related legal proceedings, including customer claims or potential class actions alleging emissions 
non-compliance. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
COVID-19 Effects and Actions 
The COVID-19 pandemic and the related actions of governments and other authorities to contain COVID-19 
spread continue to affect the Group’s business, results and cash flow.

--- Page 146 ---
-126- 
 
 
 
 
Governments in many countries where the Company operates, designated part of the Group’s businesses as 
essential critical infrastructure businesses. This designation allows CNH Industrial to operate in support of its 
dealers and customers to the extent possible. The Group also continues to prioritise the health, safety and 
well-being of its employees.  
The Group remains cautious about future impacts on its end-markets and business operations of restrictions on 
social interactions and business operations to limit the resurgence of the pandemic. The Group is closely 
monitoring the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of its business, its employees and the Group’s 
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
Global Supply Chain Disruptions 
 
On October 13, 2021, the Group announced the temporary closure of several of its European agricultural, 
commercial vehicle and powertrain manufacturing facilities in response to ongoing disruptions to the procurement 
environment and shortages of core components, especially semiconductors. The global supply chain still shows 
increasing input costs and logistics pressures, with ongoing disruptions to the procurement environment forcing 
repeated reviews of production schedules. Global supply chain represented the main challenge for the operations 
in the year, with multiple bottlenecks resulting in increased raw material prices, intermittent subcomponent 
availability, notably for semiconductors, and increased transportation costs.

--- Page 147 ---
-127- 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general summary of certain tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes.  It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations that may be relevant to the decision to purchase, 
own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
prospective beneficial owners of Notes, some of which may be subject to special rules, nor with Notes that are 
not held and accounted for as financial assets. 
This summary is based upon the tax laws and/or practice at the date of this Base Prospectus, subject to any changes 
in law and/or practice occurring after such date, which could be made on a retroactive basis. This summary will 
not be updated to reflect changes in law or practice and, if any such change occurs, the information in this summary 
could be superseded. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the overall tax consequences of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Notes. 
United Kingdom 
The following comments are of a general nature, based on current UK tax law (as applied in England and Wales) 
and published practice of Her Majesty’s Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”) as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
all of which are subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect. The following is a general summary only of 
the UK withholding tax treatment of payments of and in respect of interest on the Notes together with some general 
statements about stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax. The comments assume there will be no substitution of 
the relevant Issuer and do not address the consequences of any such substitution (notwithstanding that such 
substitution may be permitted by the Conditions). The comments are not exhaustive, and do not deal with other 
UK tax aspects of acquiring, holding, disposing of or dealing in the Notes. The comments below only apply to 
persons who are beneficial owners of the Notes and do not necessarily apply where any payment on the Notes is 
deemed for tax purposes to be the income of any other person. Any prospective purchasers of any Notes who are 
in doubt as to their own tax position should consult their own professional adviser. 
Withholding or deduction of UK tax on payments of interest by the Issuer or under the Guarantee 
References to “interest” under this heading “Withholding or deduction of UK tax on payments of interest by the 
Issuer or under the Guarantee” mean interest as understood under UK tax law. For example, any redemption 
premium may be “interest” for UK withholding tax purposes, depending upon the particular terms and conditions 
of the relevant Notes.  
(i) 
Payments of interest by the Issuer 
If the interest on the Notes does not have a UK source, interest on the Notes may be paid by the relevant Issuer 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of UK income tax. The source of a payment is a complex 
matter. It is necessary to have regard to case law and HMRC practice. Case law has established that in determining 
the source of interest, all relevant factors must be taken into account. Where the Issuer is CNH Industrial, payments 
of interest made in respect of Notes issued by it should generally be expected to be regarded by HMRC as having 
a UK source. Where the Issuer is CIFE, the source of the interest payment would need to be analysed in light of 
the particular facts and circumstances of the relevant issuance.   
If the interest on the Notes is regarded as having a UK source, it may be paid by the relevant Issuer without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of UK tax if the Notes are and continue to be “quoted Eurobonds” as 
defined in section 987 of the Income Tax Act 2007. The Notes will constitute “quoted Eurobonds” if they carry a 
right to interest and are listed on a “recognised stock exchange” within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income 
Tax Act 2007. Euronext Dublin is a recognised stock exchange for these purposes. The Notes will be treated as 
listed on Euronext Dublin if they are both officially listed in Ireland in accordance with provisions corresponding 
to those generally applicable in EEA states and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
If the Notes are not or cease to be so listed on a “recognised stock exchange”, interest on the Notes regarded as 
having a UK source will generally be paid by the relevant Issuer under deduction of UK income tax at the basic

--- Page 148 ---
-128- 
 
 
 
 
rate (currently 20 percent) unless (i) any other relief applies, or (ii) the relevant Issuer has received a direction to 
the contrary from HMRC in respect of such relief as may be available pursuant to the provisions of any applicable 
double taxation treaty. However this withholding will not apply if the relevant interest is paid on Notes with a 
maturity date of less than one year from the date of issue and which are not issued under arrangements the effect 
of which is to render such Notes part of a borrowing intended to be capable of remaining outstanding for a year 
or more. If interest on the Notes regarded as having a UK source were paid under deduction of UK income tax, 
holders of Notes who are not resident in the UK may be able to recover all or part of the tax deducted if there is 
an appropriate provision in an applicable double taxation treaty. 
A payment in respect of interest on the Notes may be chargeable to UK tax by direct assessment, even where paid 
without withholding or deduction. Where interest on the Notes is paid without withholding or deduction, such 
interest will generally not be assessed to UK tax in the hands of holders of the Notes (other than certain trustees) 
who are not resident in the UK, except where the holder of Notes carries on a trade, profession or vocation through 
a branch or agency in the UK, or, in the case of a corporate holder, carries on a trade through a permanent 
establishment in the UK, in connection with which the interest is received or to which the Notes are attributable, 
in which case (subject to exemptions for interest received by certain categories of agent) tax may be levied on the 
UK branch or agency, or permanent establishment. Holders of Notes should note that, if HMRC sought to assess 
UK tax directly against the person entitled to the relevant interest, the provisions relating to additional amounts 
referred to in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—7. Taxation” above would not apply. However, exemption 
from, or reduction of, such a UK tax liability might be available under an applicable double taxation treaty. 
(ii) 
Payments under the guarantee 
If CNH Industrial, as Guarantor, makes any payments in respect of interest on Notes issued by CIFE, it is possible 
that such payments may be subject to UK withholding tax at the basic rate (currently 20 percent). Any such 
withholding would be subject to any relief that may be available and claimed under any applicable double tax 
treaty, or to any other exemption which may apply. Such payments by a guarantor may not be eligible for the 
exemption described above in respect of the Notes being listed on a recognised stock exchange. 
Stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax (“SDRT”) 
If no register of the Notes is maintained in the UK, no stamp duty or SDRT will be payable in the United Kingdom 
on (i) the issue and delivery into Euroclear, Clearstream and/or CMU (as applicable) of Notes that constitute loan 
capital for UK stamp duty purposes, or (ii) an electronic book-entry transfer of Notes in accordance with the 
normal rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream or the CMU Service (as applicable) in circumstances where 
there is no (a) written instrument transferring the Notes or any estate or interest in the Notes, and (b) no written 
contract or written agreement for the sale of any equitable estate or interest in the Notes. 
The Netherlands 
This is a general summary and the tax consequences as described here may not apply to a holder of Notes. Any 
potential investors should consult their own tax advisers for more information about the tax consequences of 
acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular circumstances. 
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, the 
ownership and disposition of Notes issued by CNH Industrial and the payments made by CNH Industrial under 
the Guarantee after the date hereof received by a holder of Notes who is not a resident of the Netherlands.  It does 
not consider every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special 
circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under applicable law. This summary does not address the 
Netherlands tax consequences for a holder of Notes that is a body corporate considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) 
to CNH Industrial within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Generally, an entity is considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) to another entity for these purposes if either entity, 
whether alone or together with related parties or as part of a collaborating group, holds an interest that allows it, 
or the collaborating group of which it forms part, to exercise control over the other entity’s activities. An entity, 
or a collaborating group of which such entity forms part, that holds more than 50% of the voting rights in the other 
entity, is in any event deemed to be able to exercise control over such other entity’s activities. Entities are also 
considered to be affiliated if a third party is affiliated to each of such entities.

--- Page 149 ---
-129- 
 
 
 
 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Netherlands concepts, the meaning to 
be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Netherlands 
concepts under Netherlands tax law. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands located in Europe as they 
are in force and in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. The laws upon which this summary is based are 
subject to change, potentially with retroactive effect. A change to such laws may invalidate the contents of this 
summary, which will not be updated to reflect any such change.  This summary assumes that each transaction 
with respect to Notes is at arm’s length. 
This summary does not address the tax consequences of any holder of Notes who is a resident of any non-European 
part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments by CNH Industrial under the Notes and the Guarantee to Noteholders can be made free of 
withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands 
or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
A holder of Notes will not be subject to any Netherlands taxes on income or capital gains in respect of Notes 
issued by CNH Industrial, including such tax on any payment under such Notes or in respect of any gain realised 
on the disposal, deemed disposal or exchange of such Notes, provided that: 
(i) 
such holder is neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands; 
(ii) 
such holder does not have an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise that is, in whole or 
in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Netherlands and to which enterprise or part of an enterprise, as the case may be, Notes are 
attributable; 
(iii) 
if such holder is an individual, neither such holder nor any of the holder’s spouse, partner, 
a person deemed to be the holder’s partner, or other persons sharing such holder’s house 
or household, or certain other of such holder’s relatives (including foster children), whether 
directly and/or indirectly as (deemed) settlor, grantor or similar originator (the “Settlor”), 
or upon the death of the Settlor, the Settlor’s beneficiaries (the “Beneficiaries”) in 
proportion to their entitlement to the estate of the Settlor, of a trust, foundation or similar 
arrangement (a “Trust”), (a) indirectly has control of the proceeds of the Notes in the 
Netherlands, nor (b) has a substantial interest in CNH Industrial and/or any other entity 
that legally or de facto, directly or indirectly, has control of the proceeds of the Notes in 
the Netherlands. For purposes of this clause (iii), a substantial interest is generally not 
present if a holder does not hold, alone or together with the holder’s spouse, partner, a 
person deemed to be such holder’s partner, other persons sharing such holder’s house or 
household, certain other of such holder’s relatives (including foster children), or a Trust of 
which the holder or any of the aforementioned persons is a Settlor or a Beneficiary, 
whether directly or indirectly, (a) the ownership of, certain other rights, such as usufruct, 
over, or rights to acquire (whether or not already issued), shares representing five percent 
or more of the total issued and outstanding capital (or the issued and outstanding capital 
of any class of shares) of a company; (b) the ownership of, or certain other rights, such as 
usufruct, over profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen), or membership rights in a 
co-operative association, that relate to five percent or more of the annual profit of a 
company or co-operative association or to five percent or more of the liquidation proceeds 
of a company or co-operative association; or (c) membership rights representing five 
percent or more of the voting rights in a co-operative association’s general meeting;

--- Page 150 ---
-130- 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
if such holder is a company, such holder has no (deemed) substantial interest in CNH 
Industrial, or if such holder has a (deemed) substantial interest in CNH Industrial, (a) such 
substantial interest is not held with the avoidance of Netherlands income tax as (one of) 
the main purpose(s), or (b) such substantial interest does not form part of an artificial 
structure or series of structures (such as structures which are not put into place for valid 
business reasons reflecting economic reality).  For purposes of this clause (iv), a substantial 
interest is generally not present if a holder does not hold, whether directly or indirectly, (a) 
the ownership of, certain other rights, such as usufruct, over, or rights to acquire (whether 
or not already issued) shares representing five percent or more of the total issued and 
outstanding capital (or of the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares) of a 
company; or (b) the ownership of, or certain other rights, such as usufruct, over profit 
participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to five percent or more of the annual 
profit of a company or to five percent or more of the liquidation proceeds of a company.  
A holder of Notes will generally have a deemed substantial interest if such holder has the 
ownership of, or other rights over, shares in, or profit certificates issued by, a company 
that represent less than 5 percent of the relevant aggregate that either (a) qualified as part 
of a substantial interest as set forth above and where shares, profit certificates and/or rights 
thereover have been, or are deemed to have been, partially disposed of, or (b) have been 
acquired as part of a transaction that qualified for non-recognition of gain treatment; and 
(v) 
if such holder is an individual, such income or capital gain does not form a “benefit from 
miscellaneous activities” in the Netherlands (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) which, 
for instance, would be the case if the activities in the Netherlands with respect to the Notes 
exceed “normal active asset management” (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer) or if income 
and gains are derived from the holding, whether directly or indirectly, of (a combination 
of) shares, debt claims or other rights (together, a lucratief belang) that the holder thereof 
has acquired under such circumstances that such income and gains are intended to be 
remuneration for work or services performed by such holder (or a related person) in the 
Netherlands, whether within or outside an employment relation, where such lucrative 
interest provides the holder thereof, economically speaking, with certain benefits that have 
a relation to the relevant work or services. 
A holder of Notes will not be subject to taxation in the Netherlands by reason only of the execution, delivery 
and/or enforcement of the documents relating to an issue of Notes or the performance by CNH Industrial of its 
obligations thereunder or under the Notes. 
Gift, Estate or Inheritance Taxes 
No gift, estate or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to an acquisition of Notes by way of 
a gift by, or on the death of, a holder who is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for 
Netherlands inheritance and gift tax purposes, unless in the case of a gift of Notes by an individual who at the date 
of the gift was neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days 
after the date of the gift, while being resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands. 
For purposes of Netherlands gift and inheritance tax, an individual with the Netherlands nationality will be deemed 
to be resident in the Netherlands if such individual has been resident in the Netherlands at any time during the ten 
years preceding the date of the gift or the individual’s death. 
For purposes of Netherlands gift tax, an individual not holding the Netherlands nationality will be deemed to be 
resident in the Netherlands if such individual has been resident in the Netherlands at any time during the twelve 
months preceding the date of the gift. 
For purposes of the Netherlands gift and inheritance tax, a gift that is made under a condition precedent is deemed 
to have been made at the moment such condition precedent is satisfied.  If the condition precedent is fulfilled after 
the death of the donor, the gift is deemed to be made upon the death of the donor.

--- Page 151 ---
-131- 
 
 
 
 
For purposes of the Netherlands gift, estate and inheritance taxes, (i) a gift by a Trust, will be construed as a gift 
by the Settlor, and (ii) upon the death of the Settlor, as a rule, the Settlor’s Beneficiaries, will be deemed to have 
inherited directly from the Settlor.  Subsequently, the Beneficiaries will be deemed the Settlor of the Trust for 
purposes of the Netherlands gift, estate and inheritance tax in case of subsequent gifts or inheritances. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Netherlands value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of Notes, in 
respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes, or the transfer of Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Netherlands registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in the 
Netherlands by a holder of Notes in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or enforcement 
by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of the Netherlands) of the Notes or the 
performance of the obligations of CNH Industrial under the Notes. 
Residence 
A holder of Notes will not be treated as a resident of the Netherlands by reason only of the holding of Notes or 
the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of Notes. 
Luxembourg 
The following discussion addresses certain Luxembourg tax consequences for potential purchasers or holders of 
Notes, based on current law and practice in Luxembourg. This discussion is for general information purposes only 
and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all possible tax consequences that may be relevant. 
Potential purchasers of Notes should consult their own professional advisers as to the consequences of making an 
investment in, holding or disposing of the Notes and the receipt of any amount in connection with the Notes and 
Coupons. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used in this section applies for Luxembourg income tax assessment 
purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other charge or withholding of 
a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, please note 
that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des 
collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds 
pour l’emploi), as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further be subject 
to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal 
business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident of 
Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and to the 
solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the 
Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-
resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of December 23, 2005, as amended 
(the “Relibi Law”), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg

--- Page 152 ---
-132- 
 
 
 
 
resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg 
withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in 
Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding 
tax of 20 percent. (“the 20 percent. Luxembourg Withholding Tax”). The 20 percent. Luxembourg Withholding 
Tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the 
management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent.  
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Holders of Notes will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of the 
holding of the Notes. 
Holders of Notes who are not resident in Luxembourg and who do not hold the Notes through a permanent 
establishment, a permanent representative or a fixed base of business in Luxembourg to which or to whom the 
holding of the Notes is attributable, are not liable for Luxembourg income tax on payments of principal or interest 
(including accrued but unpaid interest), payments received upon redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Notes 
or the realisation of capital gains on the sale or exchange of any Notes. 
A non-resident corporate holder of Notes or an individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the management 
of a professional or business undertaking, who has a permanent establishment or permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which or to whom such Notes are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest 
accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes and on any gains realised upon the 
sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Holders of Notes who are resident in Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on repayment 
of principal. 
 
Luxembourg resident individual holders of Notes 
Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the course of the management of their private wealth are subject to 
Luxembourg income tax at the progressive rates in respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue 
discounts under the Notes unless (i) such payments have been subject to the 20 percent. Luxembourg Withholding 
Tax or (ii) to the 20 percent. Tax (as defined below), if applicable. Indeed, pursuant to the Relibi Law, Luxembourg 
resident individuals, acting in the framework of their private wealth, can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 percent 
tax (the “20 percent. Tax”) on payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by paying agents located 
in an EU Member State (other than Luxembourg) or a Member State of the European Economic Area (other than 
an EU Member State). The 20 percent. Luxembourg Withholding Tax or the 20 percent. Tax represent the final 
tax liability on interest received for the Luxembourg resident individuals receiving the interest payment in the 
framework of their private wealth. 
Individual holders of Notes resident in Luxembourg and receiving the interest under the Notes in the course of 
the management of a business or professional undertaking must, for income tax purposes, include any interest 
received (or accrued) under the Notes in their taxable basis. If applicable, the 20 percent. Luxembourg 
Withholding Tax levied will be credited against their final income tax liability.   
Individual Luxembourg resident holders of Notes are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes owned in the framework of their private wealth, unless the sale or 
disposal of the Notes precedes their acquisition or the Notes are sold or disposed of within six months of their 
acquisition. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income is subject to

--- Page 153 ---
-133- 
 
 
 
 
Luxembourg income tax, except if the 20 percent. Luxembourg Withholding Tax or the 20 percent. Tax has been 
levied. 
 
Luxembourg resident corporate holders of Notes 
A corporate entity (“organisme à caractère collectif”), which is a Luxembourg resident holder of Notes and which 
is subject to corporate taxes in Luxembourg without the benefit of a special tax regime in Luxembourg or a foreign 
entity of the same type which has a Luxembourg permanent establishment or a permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which or to whom the holding of Notes is attributable, must include in its taxable income any 
interest (including accrued but unpaid interest), redemption premium or issue discount and in case of sale, 
repurchase, redemption or exchange, in any form whatsoever, the difference between the sale, repurchase, 
redemption or exchange price (including accrued but unpaid interest) and the lower of cost or book value of the 
Notes sold, repurchased, redeemed or exchanged. These holders of Notes should not be liable for any Luxembourg 
income tax on repayment of principal upon repurchase, redemption or exchange of the Notes. 
Luxembourg resident corporate holders of Notes which benefit from a special tax regime, such as (a) family 
wealth management companies subject to the law of May 11, 2007, as amended, (b) undertakings for collective 
investment subject to the law of December 17, 2010, as amended, (c) specialised investment funds subject to the 
law of February 13, 2007, as amended or (d) reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 
2016 (provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in 
risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of July 23, 2016 applies) are tax exempt entities in 
Luxembourg, and are thus not subject to any Luxembourg tax (i.e., corporate income tax, municipal business tax 
and net wealth tax) other than the annual subscription tax calculated on their (paid up) share capital (and share 
premium) or net asset value. 
Other Taxes 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax or any other similar tax or duty payable in Luxembourg by a holder of 
Notes as a consequence of the issuance of the Notes, nor will any of these taxes be payable as a consequence of a 
subsequent transfer, exchange, redemption or repurchase of the Notes, unless the documents relating to the notes 
are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or appended/attached to a public deed or any other document which 
requires mandatory registration in Luxembourg, in which case a fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due. 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on the Notes held by a corporate holder of Notes, unless 
 
such holder of Notes is a Luxembourg resident other than a holder of Notes governed by (i) the law of 
December 17, 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, (ii) the law of February 13, 
2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended; (iii) the law of March 22, 2004 on securitisation, as 
amended; (iv) the law of June 15, 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended; (v) the law of May 11, 
2007 on family wealth management companies, as amended; or (vi) the law of July 23, 2016 on reserved 
alternative investment funds; however, a securitisation company subject to the amended law of March 
22, 2004, a company subject to the amended law of June 15, 2004 on venture capital vehicles as well as 
a reserved alternative investment fund subject to the law of July 23, 2016, provided it is foreseen in its 
incorporation documents that (i) its exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 
48 of the aforementioned law of July 23, 2016 applies, as from January 1, 2016, may under certain 
conditions, be subject to a minimum net wealth tax; or 
 
the Notes are attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on in Luxembourg through a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative. 
An individual holder of the Notes, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to net wealth 
tax on such Notes. 
No Luxembourg inheritance taxes are levied on the transfer of the Notes upon the death of a holder of Notes in 
cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance law purposes. Where the deceased 
was a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the Notes are included in his/her 
taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes.

--- Page 154 ---
-134- 
 
 
 
 
No Luxembourg gift tax will be levied on the transfer of the Notes by way of gift unless the gift is embodied in a 
Luxembourg deed passed in front of a Luxembourg notary or registered in Luxembourg. 
Taxation of CIFE 
CIFE is a company subject to corporate income tax and municipal business tax in Luxembourg at the standard 
rate. 
CIFE is subject to a minimal net wealth tax liability of €4,815 if the sum of its fixed financial assets, the amounts 
owed by affiliated undertakings and undertakings linked by virtue of a participating interest, the transferable 
securities, the cash in postal cheque accounts, the cheques for collection, the bills for collection, the cash in hand 
and the cash at bank exceeds 90 percent of its total balance sheet and the total of the balance sheet exceeds 
€350,000. 
CIFE will not be subject to VAT in Luxembourg in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes 
or in respect of payments of interest or principal under the Notes or the transfer of the Notes. 
Luxembourg VAT may however be payable in respect of fees charged for certain services rendered to CIFE if, 
for Luxembourg VAT purposes, such services are rendered or are deemed to be rendered in Luxembourg and an 
exemption from Luxembourg VAT does not apply with respect to such services. 
Italy 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy and Italian practice as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law and Italian practice occurring after such date, 
which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The following overview does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, 
purchase, own or dispose of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all 
categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special 
rules. This overview will not be updated by the Issuer after the date of this Base Prospectus to reflect changes in 
laws after the date of this Base Prospectus and, if such a change occurs, the information in this overview could 
become invalid. 
Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisors as to the overall tax consequences arising in 
connection with the purchase, holding and/or disposal of the Notes. 
Interest Income 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of April 1, 1996, as amended (“Legislative Decree 239”) provides for the tax treatment 
applicable to interest, premium and other income (including the difference between the redemption amount and 
the issue price; such interest, premium and other income collectively referred to as the “Notes Income”) arising 
from notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by foreign companies, such as the Notes, provided that these securities are 
deposited with banks, qualified financial intermediaries (SIMs), fiduciary companies, asset management 
companies (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance 
(each, an “Intermediary”). An Intermediary must (i) be resident in Italy or be the Italian permanent establishment 
of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest accrued 
on, or in the transfer of, the notes. For the purpose of Legislative Decree 239, a transfer of notes includes any 
assignment or transfer, made either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of 
the relevant notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the notes are deposited. 
Italian Resident Holders 
Where an Italian resident holder of the Notes is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected (unless he has opted for the application of the discretionary investment portfolio 
regime — see under section “Capital Gains” below), (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial 
private or public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income tax, any Notes Income

--- Page 155 ---
-135- 
 
 
 
 
accrued by such holder during the relevant holding period is subject to a final withholding tax referred to as 
“imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 percent, when the Notes Income is cashed or deemed to be cashed 
upon the disposal for a consideration of the Notes. 
In case the holders falling under (i) or (iii), above, are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes 
are connected, the Notes Income is currently included in their overall year-end taxable income on an accrual basis 
and taxed at progressive rates of personal income tax (IRPEF) with respect to individuals doing business either 
directly or through a partnership (currently, the marginal rate equals 43 percent, plus an additional surcharge 
depending on the region and municipality of residence) or corporate income tax (imposta sul reddito delle società 
— “IRES”), with respect to private and public institutions, currently levied at a rate of 24 percent. In such cases, 
the imposta sostitutiva is levied as a provisional tax creditable against the overall income tax due. 
Subject to certain conditions and limitations (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine or “PIR”) that meets the requirements from time 
to time applicable set forth by Italian law.  
Where an Italian resident holder is a company or similar commercial entity, (including limited partnerships 
qualified as società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice and private and public institutions 
carrying out commercial activities and holding the Notes in connection with this kind of activity) the Notes Income 
would not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva, but currently included in the holder’s overall year-end income as 
accrued and is therefore subject to corporate income tax and, in addition, in certain circumstances, depending on 
the “status” of the holder (i.e., generally, in the case of banks or financial institutions), to a regional quasi-income 
tax (imposta regionale sulle attività produttive — “IRAP”), levied, generally, at the standard 3.9 percent rate that 
varies depending on the holder’s actual “status” and region of residence. 
The Notes Income received by (i) Italian resident real estate undertaking for collective investments (“Italian Real 
Estate UCIs”), having the legal form of either a real estate fund established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of February 24, 1998 or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of January 25, 1994 (“Italian 
Real Estate Funds”), or Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital primarily investing in real estate 
in the measures provided under the applicable implementing regulations (“Italian Real Estate SICAFs”), and (ii) 
Italian resident undertaking for collective investments (“Italian UCIs”), having the legal form of an Italian open-
ended or closed-ended investment fund (“Funds”), Italian investment companies with fixed capital not exclusively 
or primarily investing in real estate (“SICAFs”) or Italian investment company with variable capital (“SICAVs”), 
are not subject to imposta sostitutiva and exempt from taxation at the level of such entities; subsequent 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders may be subject, in certain circumstances, to a 
withholding tax of 26 percent. (in certain cases a tax transparency regime may apply in respect of certain categories 
of investors in the Italian Real Estate UCIs owning more than 5 percent of the units or shares). 
Where an Italian resident holder is a pension fund subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of Legislative 
Decree No. 252 of December 5, 2005, the Notes Income accrued during the holding period is not subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva but is included in the year-end result of the fund’s relevant portfolio, which is subject to a 
substitute tax currently levied at a rate of 20 percent. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding 
period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes may be excluded 
from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine or “PIR”) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable set forth 
by Italian law.  
The imposta sostitutiva is levied by the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited that intervenes in the 
collection of the Notes Income. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any 
entity paying the Notes Income to a Notes’ holder. 
Non-Italian Resident Holders

--- Page 156 ---
-136- 
 
 
 
 
No Italian tax is applicable to payments of Notes Income made to a non-Italian resident holder that does not have 
a permanent establishment in Italy through which the Notes are held, provided that such holder makes a statement 
to that effect, if and when required according to the applicable Italian tax regulations. 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
There is no authority directly addressing the Italian tax regime of payments made by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee. 
According to one interpretation of Italian tax law, payments in lieu of interest made by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee may be subject to the same regime described above under section “Interest Income”. 
According to another interpretation of Italian tax law, any payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
to such holders may in limited circumstances be subject to a 26 percent tax levied by means of a withholding, 
depending on “status” of the relevant holder of the Notes.  
No Italian taxation would apply with respect to payments made to a non-Italian resident holder that does not have 
a permanent establishment in Italy through which the Notes are held. 
Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of any such 
withholding, including the potential availability of foreign tax credits or deductions for such withholding. 
Capital Gains 
Italian Resident Holders 
Capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are currently included in the overall taxable income 
of an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign 
entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected. As such, they are subject to corporate or personal income tax, as the case may be, 
at the rates illustrated above. In addition, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the holder, they 
may also be subject to IRAP. 
Capital gains arising from the sale or redemption of the Notes realised by an Italian resident holder who is an 
individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, are subject to a capital 
gains tax (imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze), levied at the rate of 26 percent, pursuant to one of the following 
regimes: 
(i) 
under the tax return regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, 
the capital gains tax is chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred 
capital loss, realised by any such holder on all sales or redemptions of the Notes occurring in 
any given tax year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward and offset 
against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding years. Capital gains, net of any 
relevant incurred deductible capital loss, must be reported in the year-end tax return and the tax 
must be paid on the capital gain together with any income tax due for the relevant tax year; or 
(ii) 
under the non-discretionary portfolio regime (regime del risparmio amministrato), the holder 
may elect to pay the tax separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the 
Notes. This separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (x) the Notes being deposited 
with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries and (y) the holder making 
a timely election in writing for the regime del risparmio amministrato, addressed to any such 
intermediary. The depositary is then responsible for accounting for the tax in respect of capital 
gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains 
realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, withholding and 
remitting it to the Treasury the tax due. Capital losses in excess of capital gains realised within

--- Page 157 ---
-137- 
 
 
 
 
the depository relationship may be carried forward and offset against capital gains realised in 
any of the four succeeding years; or 
(iii) 
under the discretionary portfolio regime (regime del risparmio gestito), eligible when the Notes 
are included in a portfolio discretionarily managed by an authorised intermediary, the capital 
gains tax is paid on the appreciation of the overall investment portfolio of the holder managed 
by such intermediary accrued in any given year (including the gains realised on the sale or 
redemption of the Notes). The tax is paid by the authorised intermediary. Any depreciation of 
the investment portfolio accrued at year-end may be carried forward and netted against the 
appreciation accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
Subject to certain conditions and limitations (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 
June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxation, 
including the imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze due upon sale or redemption of the Notes, if the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from 
time to time set forth in applicable Italian law. 
Capital gains realised by (i) Italian Real Estate UCIs and (ii) Italian UCIs, are not subject to imposta sostitutiva 
sulle plusvalenze and exempt from taxation at the level of such entities (in certain cases a tax transparency regime 
may apply in respect of certain categories of investors in the Italian Real Estate UCIs owning more than 5 percent. 
of the units or shares). 
Any capital gains realised by a holder that is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 
17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of December 5, 2005) is included in the balance of the fund’s relevant portfolio 
accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 percent substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions 
(including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains may be excluded from the taxable 
base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine or “PIR”) that meets the requirements from time to time set forth applicable set 
forth by Italian law.  
Non-Italian Resident Holders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident holders from the sale or redemption of the Notes are not subject to 
Italian taxation, provided that the Notes are held outside of Italy. 
Inheritance and Gift Taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of October 3, 2006, as converted in law, with amendments, pursuant to Law No. 
286 of November 24, 2006, subject to certain exceptions, Italian inheritance and gift tax is generally payable on 
transfer of the Notes by reason of death or gift by Italian resident persons (or other transfers for no consideration, 
even if the transferred assets are held outside Italy. In case of transfer by reason of death or gift by non-Italian 
resident persons Italian inheritance and gift tax is generally due only in relation to the assets held in Italy. 
Italian inheritance and gift tax applies as follows: 
- 
transfers to spouse or direct descendants or ancestors up to €1,000,000 to each beneficiary are 
exempt from inheritance and gift tax. Transfers in excess of such threshold will be taxed at a 4 
percent rate on the value of the Notes exceeding, for each beneficiary, such threshold; 
- 
transfers between relatives up to the fourth degree other than siblings, and direct or indirect 
relatives by affinity up to the third degree are taxed at a rate of 6 percent on the value of the 
Notes (where transfers between siblings up to a maximum value of €100,000 for each 
beneficiary are exempt from inheritance and gift tax); and 
- 
transfers to persons other than those described above will be taxed at a rate of 8 percent on the 
value of the Notes.

--- Page 158 ---
-138- 
 
 
 
 
If the beneficiary of any such transfer is a disabled individual, whose handicap is recognised pursuant to Law No. 
104 of February 5, 1992, the tax is applied only on the value of the assets (including the Notes) received in excess 
of €1,500,000 at the rates illustrated above, depending on the type of relationship existing between the deceased 
or donor and the beneficiary.  
Inheritance and gift taxes do not apply in case the Notes are included in a long term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine or “PIR”) that meets all the requirements from time to time applicable set forth by 
Italian law. 
Stamp Duty on the Notes 
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the Tariff (tariffa) attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of October 26, 1972 a 
proportional stamp duty applies on the periodic reporting communications sent by Italian-based financial 
intermediaries to their clients with respect to any financial instruments (including bonds, such as the Notes). The 
stamp duty does not apply to the communications sent or received by pension funds and health funds. 
Such stamp duty is generally levied by the above-mentioned financial intermediaries, and computed on the fair 
market value of the financial instruments or, in case the fair market value cannot be determined, on their face or 
redemption values (or purchase cost) at a rate of 0.2 percent with a cap of €14,000 for clients other than 
individuals. The stamp duty is levied on an annual basis. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, the 
stamp duty is pro-rated. 
Moreover, pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201 of December 6, 2011, a similar duty applies on the fair 
market value (or, in case the fair market value cannot be determined, on their face or redemption values, or 
purchase cost) of any financial asset (including bonds such as the Notes) held abroad by Italian resident 
individuals. Such duty will apply at a rate of 0.2 percent. A tax credit is granted for any foreign property tax levied 
abroad on such financial assets. 
The proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
In February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive 
for a common financial transactions tax (the “FTT”) in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, 
Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain (the “Participating Member States”) and Estonia. However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State, or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
The Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation among the Participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU member 
states may decide to participate and/or certain of the Participating Member States may decide to withdraw. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
United States 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act

--- Page 159 ---
-139- 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”), commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments, including certain payments on debt securities, it makes to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting or related requirements. CIFE is currently registered as a foreign financial institution for these purposes 
and it is possible that a different Issuer could likewise be so treated in the future.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Luxembourg and the Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, under proposed Treasury 
regulations, such withholding will not apply to payments made before the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining the term “foreign passthru payment” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. 
Moreover, Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) 
for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless the Notes are materially modified or deemed reissued 
after such date. A Note may be deemed reissued for this purpose if there is a substitution of the principal debtor 
under the Notes as described above under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes–15. Substitution”.  Furthermore, 
if additional Notes (as described as described above under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes–16. Further 
Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, 
including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in Notes. Payments under the Notes will be made net of any withholding taxes under FATCA and no additional 
amounts will be paid in respect of any such taxes. 
Hong Kong 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes and is based on law and 
relevant interpretations thereof in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, all of which are subject to change, 
and does not constitute legal or taxation advice. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective holders of Notes who are in any doubt as to their tax position or 
who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction are advised to consult their own professional advisers. 
Withholding tax 
Under existing Hong Kong law, no withholding tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of payments of principal 
(including any premium payable on redemption of the Notes) or interest on the Notes or in respect of any capital 
gains arising from the sale of the Notes. 
Profits tax 
Hong Kong profits tax is chargeable on every person carrying on a trade, profession or business in Hong Kong in 
respect of profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong from such trade, profession or business (excluding profits 
arising from the sale of capital assets). 
Under the Inland Revenue Ordinance (Cap. 112 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“Inland Revenue Ordinance”) as it 
is currently applied, interest on the Notes may be deemed to be profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong from 
a trade, profession or business carried on in Hong Kong in the following circumstances: 
(i) 
interest on the Notes is received by or accrues to a financial institution (as defined in the Inland Revenue 
Ordinance) and arises through or from the carrying on by the financial institution of its business in Hong 
Kong, notwithstanding that the moneys in respect of which the interest is received or accrues are made 
available outside Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
interest on the Notes is derived from Hong Kong and is received by or accrues to a corporation carrying 
on a trade, profession or business in Hong Kong; or

--- Page 160 ---
-140- 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
interest on the Notes is derived from Hong Kong and is received by or accrues to a person (other than a 
corporation) carrying on a trade, profession or business in Hong Kong and is in respect of the funds of 
the trade, profession or business; or 
(iv) 
interest on the Notes is received by or accrues to a corporation (other than a financial institution), and 
arises through or from the carrying on in Hong Kong by the corporation of its intra-group financing 
business (within the meaning of section 16(3) of the Inland Revenue Ordinance), even if the moneys in 
respect of which the interest is received or accrues are made available outside Hong Kong. 
Sums received by or accrued to a financial institution by way of gains or profits arising through or from the 
carrying on by the financial institution of its business in Hong Kong from the sale, disposal and redemption of 
Notes will be subject to Hong Kong profits tax.  
Sums derived from the sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes will be subject to Hong Kong profits tax where 
received by or accrued to a person, other than a financial institution, who carries on a trade, profession or business 
in Hong Kong and the sum has a Hong Kong source unless otherwise exempted. The source of such sums will 
generally be determined by having regard to the manner in which the Notes are acquired or disposed of. Sums 
received by or accrued to a corporation (other than a financial institution) by way of gains or profits arising through 
or from the carrying on in Hong Kong by the corporation of its intra-group financing business (as defined in 
section 16(3) of the Inland Revenue Ordinance) from the sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes will be subject 
to profits tax. 
In certain circumstances, Hong Kong profits tax exemptions (such as concessionary tax rates) may be available. 
Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors to ascertain the applicability of any exemptions to their 
individual position. 
Stamp duty 
Hong Kong stamp duty will not be payable on the issue of Notes provided that either: 
(i) 
such Notes are denominated in a currency other than the currency of Hong Kong and are not repayable 
in any circumstances in the currency of Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
such Notes constitute loan capital (as defined in the Stamp Duty Ordinance (Cap. 117 of the Laws of 
Hong Kong). 
If stamp duty is payable, it is payable by the Issuer on the issue of Notes at a rate of 3 percent. of the market value 
of the Notes at the time of issue. No stamp duty will be payable on any subsequent transfer of Notes.

--- Page 161 ---
-141- 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such amended and restated programme 
agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) 
dated April 7, 2022, agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from 
time to time agree to purchase Notes and resell such Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters 
stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, each 
of the Issuers (failing which the Guarantor) has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The 
Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under the 
Programme Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of Notes.  
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes and any Guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities law of any U.S. state, or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons unless the Notes are registered under the 
Securities Act or are sold pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are being offered and sold to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. Unless otherwise indicated herein, terms used in this section that are defined 
in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations thereunder. The applicable 
Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules (each as defined under “Form of the Notes”) 
apply (including any relevant selling restrictions) or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and undertake that, it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes (i) as part of 
its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined 
and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead 
manager, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part or (iii) in the event of a distribution of a 
Tranche that is fungible therewith, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of such fungible Tranche, 
as determined by the parties described in clause (ii), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each distributor, dealer or other person receiving a selling concession, fee or 
other remuneration to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of any Tranche of Notes (as determined in accordance with 
subclauses (ii) or (iii), as applicable, under the preceding paragraph), an offer or sale of such Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base

--- Page 162 ---
-142- 
 
 
 
 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
and 
 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each member state of the European Economic Area (a “Relevant State”), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Relevant State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Relevant 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and the 
expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Canada 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of any province or territory 
of Canada. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold, solicited an offer to purchase, or delivered, and 
that it will not offer, sell, solicit an offer to purchase or deliver, any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident thereof in contravention of the securities laws of any province or territory of 
Canada and also without the prior written permission of the relevant Issuer. Each Dealer has also represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not distributed, and will not distribute, the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes 
in Canada without the prior written permission of the relevant Issuer. If the applicable Final Terms or any other 
offering materials relating to the Notes provide that the Notes may be offered, sold or distributed in Canada, the 
issue of the Notes will be subject to such additional selling restrictions as the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree. Each Dealer will be required to agree that it will offer, sell and distribute such Notes only in 
compliance with such additional Canadian selling restrictions. 
Italy

--- Page 163 ---
-143- 
 
 
 
 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in 
the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and  regulations; or 
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant 
to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of February 15, 2018, as amended from time to time, and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”) and any other applicable 
laws and regulations; and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from 
time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For 
the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto

--- Page 164 ---
-144- 
 
 
 
 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer to the public” in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “UK 
Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their business where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA, with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form may 
only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation 
of either such Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings 
Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of May 21, 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations 
(which include registration requirements). Such restrictions do not apply: (a) to the initial issue of Zero Coupon 
Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof, (b) to the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in 
definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession, or (c) to the transfer and

--- Page 165 ---
-145- 
 
 
 
 
acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon 
Notes of any particular Series or tranche are issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed within the 
Netherlands in the course of their initial distribution or immediately thereafter. For the purposes of this paragraph, 
Zero Coupon Notes are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the relevant 
Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenure or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning 
of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (wetboek van economisch recht/code de droit économique), 
as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not 
distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to 
the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended (the “FIEA”)) and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, 
offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan, or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan in effect 
at the relevant time. As used in this paragraph, “resident of Japan” means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: (i) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any 
document, any Notes other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (“SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the 
public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and (ii) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes 
of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, 
any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws 
of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell 
any of the Notes directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for such purposes, not including Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan), 
except as permitted by the applicable laws of the PRC. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer

--- Page 166 ---
-146- 
 
 
 
 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
(2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; 
(ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision 
of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(A) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(B) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(C) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(D) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(E) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
Switzerland

--- Page 167 ---
-147- 
 
 
 
 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading 
venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed 
or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus 
and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any of the other Dealers shall have 
any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 168 ---
-148- 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The renewal of the Programme by the Issuer and the Guarantor has been duly authorised by resolutions of the 
board of directors of each of CNH Industrial and CIFE, dated February 28, 2022 (in the case of CNH Industrial) 
and April 1, 2022 (in the case of CIFE). 
Listing of Notes on Euronext Dublin 
The Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), 
as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II, as amended and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state 
of the European Economic Area. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official 
List and trading on its regulated market. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin or any 
other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
may agree. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in relation to 
the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For a period of 12 months following the date of the Base Prospectus copies of the following documents may be 
physically inspected at the offices of the Paying Agent in Ireland and shall be available at the following website 
https://www1.cnhindustrial.com/en-
us/investor_relations/fixed_income_investors/Pages/medium_term_notes.aspx  
(i) 
the constitutional documents, including the Articles of Association (in the case of CNH 
Industrial, with an English translation thereof) of each of CNH Industrial and CIFE; 
(ii) 
the Consolidated Financial Statements, prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS and with 
Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and the independent auditor’s report thereon;  
(iii) 
the Company Financial Statements, prepared in accordance with the legal requirements of 
Part 9, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and the independent auditor’s report thereon; 
(iv) 
the CIFE Financial Statements, prepared in accordance with Luxembourg legal and 
regulatory requirements and the independent auditors’ report thereon; 
(v) 
the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global 
Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons and to the extent executed, 
the CIFE Substitution Deed Poll, the CNH Industrial Substitution Deed Poll and the 
Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll; 
(vi) 
a copy of the Base Prospectus; and 
(vii) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements to the Base Prospectus 
and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference, including Final

--- Page 169 ---
-149- 
 
 
 
 
Terms (save for Final Terms relating to unlisted Notes, which will only be available for 
inspection by holders of the relevant Notes upon the production of evidence satisfactory 
to the relevant Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity). 
Clearing Systems 
Notes, other than CMU Notes, have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
CMU Notes have been accepted for clearance through the CMU Service. The appropriate CMU instrument 
number for each Tranche of CMU Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and 
the address of Clearstream is Clearstream Banking, 42, Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-
Duchy of Luxembourg. The address of CMU Service is 55th Floor, Two International Finance Centre, 8 Finance 
Street, Central, Hong Kong. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
Except as disclosed in Note 35 to the Consolidated Financial Statements (incorporated by reference herein), there 
has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of each of CIFE, CNH Industrial 
or the Group since December 31, 2021. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuers or of the Guarantor since December 31, 
2021. 
Litigation 
Except as disclosed in the sections “Risk Factors – Compliance Risks – The Group is subject to extensive laws 
and regulations”, “Risk Factors – Compliance Risks – The Group’s results of operations may be adversely 
impacted by various types of claims, lawsuits, and other contingent obligations”, “Risk Factors – Compliance 
Risks – Changes in privacy laws could disrupt the Group’s business” and “The CNH Industrial Group – Legal 
Proceedings”, none of the Issuers nor the Guarantor nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved 
in any legal, governmental or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which the Issuers or the Guarantor are aware) which is reasonably likely to have or have had in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or the Group. 
Material Contracts 
None of the Issuers nor the Guarantor nor any other member of the Group has entered into any material contracts 
outside the ordinary course of business which could result in its being under an obligation or entitlement which 
is, or may be, material to the ability of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any member of the Group to meet its 
obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Independent auditors  
The independent auditors of CIFE as of and for the financial years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are Ernst 
& Young S.A. – Cabinet de révision agréé.

--- Page 170 ---
-150- 
 
 
 
 
Ernst & Young S.A. – Cabinet de révision agréé is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) 
incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, with its registered office at 35E avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register 
under number B-47.771 (réviseur d’entreprises agréé). Ernst & Young S.A. – Cabinet de révision agréé is a 
member of the Institute of Registered Auditors (“Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises”) which is the Luxembourg 
member of the International Federation of Accountants and is registered in the public register of approved audit 
firms held by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier as competent authority for public oversight 
of approved statutory auditors and audit firms. 
The independent auditors of the CNH Industrial Group, with respect to the Consolidated Financial Statements and 
the Company Financial Statements prepared in accordance with, respectively (x) EU-IFRS and the legal 
requirements of Part 9, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code, and (y) the legal requirements of Part 9, Book 2 of the 
Dutch Civil Code, are Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, with registered office at Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ, 
Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is registered at the Chamber of Commerce of 
Rotterdam in The Netherlands under number 24432944. The address of the independent auditor who audited the 
financial statements on behalf of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 HP 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
The “Registeraccountants” of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP are members of the Royal NBA (Koninklijke 
Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants – the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants), 
which is the Dutch member of the International Federation of Accountants. Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is a 
registered audit firm holding a permit issued by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten or AFM) as competent authority for public oversight of approved statutory auditors and audit 
firms in the Netherlands. 
Dealers Transacting with any of the Issuers and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuers, the Guarantor 
and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor, their affiliates, 
and investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the 
Issuers’ affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers and/or 
the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to such entities consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph, the term “affiliates” also includes parent 
companies.

--- Page 171 ---
THE ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
CNH Industrial N.V. 
25 St. James’s Street 
London, SW1A 1HA 
United Kingdom 
 
THE ISSUER 
CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. 
291, route d’Arlon,  
L-1150 
Luxembourg 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg  
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT   
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
 Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
CMU LODGING AND PAYING AGENT 
 
Citicorp International Limited 
9/F Citi Tower 
One Bay East 
83 Hoi Bun Road 
Kwun Tong 
Kowloon 
Hong Kong 
 
OTHER PAYING AGENT  
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland

--- Page 172 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To CNH Industrial as 
to English law 
Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 
1 New Fetter Lane 
London 
EC4A 1AN 
United Kingdom 
 
To CIFE as 
to Luxembourg law 
Linklaters LLP, Luxembourg 
35, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
BP 1107 
L-1011 Luxembourg 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 
To CNH Industrial as to Dutch law  
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP 
Strawinskylaan 10 
1077 XZ Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Allen & Overy 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
To CNH Industrial Finance Europe S.A. 
Ernst & Young S.A. – 
35E avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 
Luxembourg 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 
To CNH Industrial N.V. 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 173 ---
ARRANGERS  
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Edificio ASIA, Calle Sauceda, 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm  
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt 
Germany 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Barclays Bank PLC 
5 The North Colonnade 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
Utrecht 3521 CB 
The Netherlands 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD 
Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 174 ---
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E145JP 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Centre, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
Mizuho International plc 
30 Old Bailey 
London EC4M 7AU 
United Kingdom 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Wells Fargo Securities International Limited 
33 King William Street 
London EC4R 9AT 
United Kingdom

--- Page 175 ---
4885-6122-0626 v.5 
 
Wells Fargo Securities Europe, S.A. 
Address: 1-5 Rue Paul Cézanne  
75008 Paris  
France 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
10 Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland