--- Page 1 ---
CNP ASSURANCES 
Euro 7,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this base prospectus (the “Programme”), CNP Assurances (the “Issuer” or “CNP Assurances”), subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The Notes may be issued as senior notes 
(the “Senior Notes”), as subordinated notes with terms capable of qualifying as Tier 3 Capital (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes) (the “Tier 3 
Notes”) or as subordinated notes with terms capable of qualifying as Tier 2 Capital (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes) (the “Tier 2 Notes”, and 
together with the Tier 3 Notes, the “Subordinated Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 7,000,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies). 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This Base Prospectus received the approval number 21-391 on 10 September 2021 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) and shall be in 
force for a period of one (1) year as of the date of its approval by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes. 
For the period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus application may be made to Euronext Paris for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (“Euronext Paris”) and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. 
Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets 
issued by the European Commission (a “Regulated Market”) published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (the “ESMA”). However, Notes 
that are not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”), (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be 
admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”) as more fully described herein. 
Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a member state of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will have a minimum denomination of at least Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No 
physical documents of title (including certificats représentatitfs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the Issue Date (as defined herein) in the books of 
Euroclear France S.A. (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes - Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination and Currency”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) or (ii) in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully 
registered form (nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either in an account maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in the relevant 
Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated 
by the relevant Noteholder. Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer 
form without interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global 
Certificate will be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached on or after a date expected to be on or 
about the 40th calendar day after the Issue Date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised 
Notes”) upon certification as to non-US beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will be deposited (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, on the Issue Date with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The long term debt of the Issuer is currently rated A+ with a stable outlook by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”), A1 with a stable outlook by Moody’s France S.A.S. 
(“Moody’s”) and A with a stable outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). Each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). Each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the ESMA's website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of the Issuer. The 
rating of the Notes, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference, any supplement thereto (if any) and the Final Terms will be available on the website of the Issuer 
(http://www.cnp.fr/Analyste-investisseur) and, save for the 2021 Half-Year Financial Report, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, before deciding to invest in the 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
Arranger 
Natixis 
Dealers 
Barclays  
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup  
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
Base Prospectus dated 10 September 2021

--- Page 2 ---
2 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 10 September 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each 
a “Supplement” and together the “Supplements”)) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, in respect of, and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, 
the Issuer and its fully consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole from time to time (the “Group”) and the 
Notes which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Group, as well as the terms and 
conditions of the Notes to be issued under the Programme.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below), each of 
which shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined 
herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
The information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment 
policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, 
notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in “General Description of the 
Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or 
the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealer(s) which would permit an offering of 
any Notes through a non-exempt offer or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United 
States.  Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable State

--- Page 4 ---
4 
securities laws. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be 
made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements 
of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory 
for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by the ESMA on 5 February 2018 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer, as defined in MiFID II, in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not an 
investment firm as defined in MiFID II and will not be a manufacturer under the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement 
entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer, as defined in the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not an investment firm as defined in the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules and will not be a manufacturer under the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
PRIIPs IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made

--- Page 5 ---
5 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA will be prepared in relation 
to such Notes and therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PRIIPs IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2020, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the IDD, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK will be prepared in relation to such Notes and therefore offering or 
selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers 
or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation or warranty, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in 
connection with this Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of any Notes under the Programme. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any documents incorporated by reference are intended to provide the basis of any 
credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Each prospective investor of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon 
such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming 
to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................. 3 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................. 7 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................................... 18 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................ 37 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................... 43 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES ...................................................................................... 44 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TIER 3 NOTES ......................................................................................... 88 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TIER 2 NOTES ....................................................................................... 140 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES.................... 194 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................. 195 
DESCRIPTION OF CNP ASSURANCES ............................................................................................................. 196 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................................ 197 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................................ 199 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................................ 204 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES ........................................................................................ 206 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE TIER 3 NOTES ........................................................................................... 223 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE TIER 2 NOTES ........................................................................................... 239 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................. 255 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ........................ 259

--- Page 7 ---
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the relevant Final Terms.  
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a 
summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing 
regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes”, in “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 
3 Notes” or in “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this general 
description. 
Issuer: 
CNP Assurances 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(“LEI”): 
969500QKVPV2H8UXM738 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of Notes (the 
“Programme”). 
Arranger: 
Natixis 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A.  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Société Générale 
UBS Europe SE 
UniCredit Bank AG

--- Page 8 ---
8 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or 
more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base 
Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect 
of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) 
and to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a 
dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit: 
Up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time (the 
“Programme Limit”).  
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
 
 
Société Générale Securities Services 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued as senior notes (the “Senior Notes”), as 
subordinated notes with terms capable of qualifying as Tier 3 Capital (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes) (the “Tier 3 Notes”) 
or as subordinated notes with terms capable of qualifying as Tier 2 Capital 
(as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes) (the “Tier 2 
Notes”, and together with the Tier 3 Notes, the “Subordinated Notes”). The 
Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will 
be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more Issue Dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued 
in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different Issue Dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche will be completed in the final terms (the 
“Final Terms”). 
Maturities: 
In respect of the Senior Notes, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, any maturity from one (1) month from the date of 
original issue. 
In respect of the Subordinated Notes, any maturity from five (5) years from 
the original Issue Date of the relevant Notes, or, if applicable and to the extent 
so required by applicable laws and regulations, the Issue Date of the last 
tranche of any further Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 
(whichever is the later). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, 
Sterling, Australian dollars and in any other currency specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (the “Specified Denomination”) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a 
member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).  
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year will constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination 
of at least £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).  
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
The Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4 – see “Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes – Negative Pledge”) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by French law) equally and rateably with all other 
present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
from time to time outstanding.  
Status of the Tier 3 Notes: 
The status of the Tier 3 Notes will be and may change as follows:  
Paragraph (i) below will apply in respect of the Notes from the Issue Date and 
for so long as any Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligation is outstanding. 
Upon the date of redemption or repurchase and cancellation of all of the 
Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligations (inclusive) (the “Existing 
Ordinary Subordinated Obligation Redemption Event”), paragraph (ii) 
will automatically replace and supersede paragraph (i) in respect of the Notes 
without the need for any action from the Issuer or consent from any 
Noteholder. 
(i) Prior to the Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligation Redemption 
Event: The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes in respect of principal, 
interest and other amounts constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and rank and shall at all times rank 
without any preference among themselves (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by French law) equally and rateably with any other 
existing or future Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, in priority to all present 
and future Equity Securities, Undated Junior Subordinated Obligations, Dated 
Junior Subordinated Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, and titres 
participatifs issued by, the Issuer, but behind subordinated Obligations 
expressed to rank senior to Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, if any, and 
behind Unsubordinated Obligations.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
(ii) As from the Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligation Redemption 
Event (inclusive): The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes in respect of 
principal, interest and other amounts will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured Senior Subordinated Obligations and rank and shall at all times 
rank without any preference among themselves (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by French law) equally and rateably with any other 
existing or future Senior Subordinated Obligations, in priority to all present 
and future Equity Securities, Undated Junior Subordinated Obligations, Dated 
Junior Subordinated Obligations, Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, prêts 
participatifs granted to, and titres participatifs issued by, the Issuer, but behind 
subordinated Obligations expressed to rank senior to Senior Subordinated 
Obligations, if any, and behind Unsubordinated Obligations (all defined in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes”). 
Status of the Tier 2 Notes: 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Tier 2 Notes and (if applicable) any 
relative Coupons in respect of principal, interest and other amounts, constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and rank 
and shall at all times rank without any preference among themselves (save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by French law) equally and 
rateably with any other existing or future Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, 
in priority to all present and future Equity Securities, Undated Junior 
Subordinated Obligations, Dated Junior Subordinated Obligations, prêts 
participatifs granted to, and titres participatifs issued by, the Issuer, but behind 
subordinated Obligations expressed to rank senior to Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations (including Senior Subordinated Obligations), if any, and behind 
Unsubordinated Obligations (all defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 
2 Notes”). 
Waiver of Set-Off 
(Subordinated Notes only): 
No holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon may at any time exercise or claim 
any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has 
or may have or acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever 
arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and 
liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other 
instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such Note, Coupon or Talon) 
and each such holder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off 
Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such 
actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. 
Negative Pledge 
(Senior Notes only): 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Senior Notes as set out in 
Condition 4 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes - Negative 
Pledge”. 
Event of Default 
(Senior Notes only): 
There will be events of default including a cross-default in respect of the 
Senior Notes as set out in Condition 9 - see “Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes - Events of Default”. 
Enforcement Events 
(Subordinated Notes only): 
The terms and conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes will 
contain enforcement events provisions as set out in Condition 9 - see “Terms

--- Page 11 ---
11 
and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes – Enforcement Events” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes – Enforcement Events”. 
Redemption at maturity: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Senior Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption 
Amount which, unless otherwise provided, should be at least its nominal 
amount, together with accrued interest (including Arrears of Interest). Unless 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, Senior Notes (including 
Senior Notes denominated in Sterling) having a maturity of less than one (1) 
year from their date of issue and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to 
be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
 
In respect of Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date, unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each such Subordinated 
Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount together 
with accrued interest (including Arrears of Interest) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date if the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase are satisfied 
failing which such Subordinated Note will only be redeemed on the Final 
Maturity Date. 
Tier 2 Notes with no specified maturity date are undated obligations of the 
Issuer and have no fixed maturity date, but may be redeemed early at the 
option of the Issuer under certain circumstances set out in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes - Conditions to Redemption and Purchase”. 
Early Redemption for 
illegality 
(Senior Notes only): 
Except as provided in “Redemption for taxation reasons”,  “Call Option”, 
“Residual Maturity Call Option”, “Make-Whole Redemption” and “Clean-
Up Call Option” below, Senior Notes will be redeemable at the option of 
the Issuer prior to maturity only for illegality. See “Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Notes -  
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Call Option 
(Senior Notes only): 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Senior Notes will state 
whether such Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part). 
Residual Maturity Call 
Option 
(Senior Notes only): 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Senior 
Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Senior Notes, in whole 
but not in part, at their Early Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time as from 
the call option date, which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before 
the Maturity Date of the Senior Notes. 
Make-Whole Redemption 
(Senior Notes only): 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Senior 
Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in

--- Page 12 ---
12 
part, at any time or from time to time, prior to the Relevant Redemption 
Date, at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount. See “Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes -  
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Put Option 
(Senior Notes only): 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Senior Notes will state 
whether such Senior Notes may be redeemed (either in whole or in part) prior 
to their stated maturity at the option of the Noteholders. 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event 
that at least 80% of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular 
Series of Notes has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may 
have the option to redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in 
that Series at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Optional Redemption from 
the First Call Date 
(Subordinated Notes only): 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if a First Call Period is specified 
as "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to 
the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority, redeem the Tier 3 
Notes or the Tier 2 Notes in whole but not in part, at their Early Redemption 
Amount (specified in the relevant Final Terms), on the First Call Date 
(specified in the relevant Final Terms) or on any Interest Payment Date 
falling thereafter. 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if a First Call Period is specified 
as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to the 
Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority, redeem the Tier 3 
Notes or the Tier 2 Notes in whole but not in part, at their Early Redemption 
Amount (specified in the relevant Final Terms), on the First Call Date 
(specified in the relevant Final Terms) and on any date thereafter up to and 
including the last day of the First Call Period (specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) or on any Interest Payment Date falling thereafter. 
Optional Redemption of Notes 
for Regulatory Reasons or 
Rating Reasons  
(Subordinated Notes only): 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Subordinated Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer following the occurrence of a Regulatory 
Event, as provided in the Condition 6(c) - see “Terms and Conditions of the 
Tier 3 Notes – Optional Redemption for Regulatory Reasons” or “Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes – Optional Redemption for Regulatory 
Reasons”. 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Subordinated Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer following the occurrence of a Rating 
Methodology Event, as provided in the Condition 6(d) - see “Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes – Optional Redemption for Rating Reasons” or 
“Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes – Optional Redemption for Rating 
Reasons”.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Redemption for taxation 
reasons: 
The Notes may, and in certain circumstances shall, be redeemed for 
withholding tax reasons, as provided in Condition 6(h) - see - “Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes – Redemption for Taxation Reasons” or in 
Condition 6(f)(i) see - “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes – 
Redemption for gross-up or withholding tax reasons” or “Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes – Redemption for gross-up or withholding tax 
reasons”. 
Optional Redemption for tax-
deductibility reasons  
(Subordinated Notes only): 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer if the 
part of interest payable by the Issuer under the Tier 3 Notes or the Tier 2 Notes 
that is tax-deductible is reduced, as provided in Condition 6(f)(ii) see - “Terms 
and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes – Redemption for tax-deductibility 
reasons” or “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes – Redemption for tax-
deductibility reasons”. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or 
deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, (and, in respect of the Tier 2 Notes 
provided a Tax Alignment Event as defined in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Tier 2 Notes has occurred and is continuing) the Issuer will, to the fullest 
extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case 
may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, subject to certain exceptions.  
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may 
accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate, or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest be less than 
zero. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at 
different rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Deferral  
(Subordinated Notes only): 
There may be provisions for the deferral of payment of interest in respect of 
some issues of Tier 3 Notes and Tier 2 Notes, as provided in Condition 5(i) of 
the Tier 3 Notes and in Condition 5(i) of the Tier 2 Notes and the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Resettable Notes: 
The interest rate of Resettable Notes shall be a fixed interest rate resettable 
at different reset dates. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows:  
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency pursuant to the 
2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward 
financial instruments, or 
 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) or 
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions as published by ISDA as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or 
 
(iii) 
by reference to EURIBOR or CMS Rate (or such other benchmark 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), in each case as 
adjusted for any applicable margin, subject to Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) 
- see “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes – Benchmark 
discontinuation” or “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes – 
Benchmark discontinuation” or “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 
Notes – Benchmark discontinuation”.  
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant FBF Rate, the relevant Reference Rate or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, as the case may be. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest be less 
than zero. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark 
Event occurs, such that the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
cannot be determined by reference to the original benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent adviser to determine a 
successor or an alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent

--- Page 15 ---
15 
amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the application of an 
adjustment spread) as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) - see “Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes – Benchmark discontinuation” or “Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes – Benchmark discontinuation” or “Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes – Benchmark discontinuation”. 
Substitute Mid-Swap Rate: 
 
In the event that a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference 
to the Original Mid-Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (with consequent amendment to 
the terms of such Series of Notes and the application of a Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread if any). See “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes – 
Substitute Mid-Swap Rate”, “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes – 
Substitute Mid-Swap Rate” or “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes – 
Substitute Mid-Swap Rate” for further information. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically 
change or that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(Senior Notes only): 
In respect of Senior Notes, Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal 
amount or at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Redenomination: 
Notes denominated in the currency of a country that subsequently participates 
in the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union may be 
subject to redenomination, renominalisation and/or consolidation with other 
Notes denominated in euro, all as more fully provided in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination and 
Currency” below. 
Further Issues and 
Consolidation: 
The Issuer may from time to time issue further notes to be assimilated 
(assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes and the further notes carry 
identical rights in all respects and that the terms of such further notes provide 
for such assimilation as more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Further Issues and Consolidation”. 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as more 
fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Further Issues and 
Consolidation”. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) 
or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, 
in either in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered

--- Page 16 ---
16 
form (au nominatif administré). No physical documents of title will be issued 
in respect of Dematerialised Notes. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
- Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination and Currency”. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. A Temporary 
Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) or any other clearing system that may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to Materialised 
Notes. 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Dematerialised Notes: 
Not later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche 
of Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable or the application form, as the 
case may be, relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear 
France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised Notes: 
On or before the Issue Date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with 
any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. The Issue Price of the Notes will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Admission to Trading: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris or such other or additional Regulated Markets as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, or may not be admitted to trading or unlisted.  
No non-exempt offer: 
The Notes shall not be offered through a non-exempt offer in France and/or 
in any Member State of the EEA. 
Method of Publication of this 
Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference, any 
supplement thereto (if any) and the Final Terms will be available on the 
website of the Issuer (http://www.cnp.fr/Analyste-investisseur) and, save for 
the 2021 Half-Year Financial Report, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org). 
Rating:  
The long term debt of the Issuer is currently rated A+ with a stable outlook 
by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”), A1 with a stable outlook by

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Moody’s France S.A.S. (“Moody’s”) and A with a stable outlook by S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”).  
Each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, 
as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). Each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority’s website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with such regulation.  
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently 
from the current ratings of the Issuer. The rating of the Notes, if any, will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify 
whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of offering 
material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and Sale”.  
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for purposes of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (“Regulation S”). 
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulations section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) 
(the “TEFRA D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that such 
Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury Regulations 
section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) 
(the “TEFRA C Rules”) or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other than 
in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules or the TEFRA C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility 
Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and may 
be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme.  
In addition, factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal inherent risks in investing in Notes issued 
under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection 
with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding 
the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including 
any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes”, in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Tier 3 Notes” or in “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes” shall have the same meanings in this section. 
I. 
RISK RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Risks factors relating to the Issuer and its activity are described on pages 108 to 116 of the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document (as defined in section “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) which are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and include the following:  
− 
risk factors linked to the financial markets: risk of falling interest rates and persistently low 
rates, risk of falling share prices, corporate credit risk, real estate risk, sovereign credit risk; 
− 
underwriting risk factors linked to the insurance business: policy surrender or cancellation risk, 
morbidity risk; 
− 
risk factors linked to the business: outsourcing risk, product and client interaction compliance 
risk, information systems and data risk, and risks related to models; 
− 
strategic risk factors: strategic partnership risk, country risk, regulatory risk. 
 
II. 
RISK RELATING TO THE NOTES 
A. RISKS FOR THE NOTEHOLDERS AS CREDITORS OF THE ISSUER AND RELATING TO LEGAL ISSUES 
REGARDING THE NOTES  
Regulatory actions against the Issuer or an insurer in the Group in the event of resolution could 
materially adversely affect the value of the Notes 
On 28 November 2017, the ordinance no 2017-1608 of 27 November 2017 (the “Ordinance”) establishing 
a resolution framework for insurers (Ordonnance no 2017-1608 du 27 novembre 2017 relative à la création

--- Page 19 ---
19 
d'un régime de résolution pour le secteur de l'assurance) was published, setting out the French legal 
framework providing effective resolution strategies for French insurers. 
The Ordinance has entered into force and the implementing decree no. 2018-179 dated 13 March 2018 and 
arrêté dated 10 April 2018 have been published. The Ordinance is designed to provide the French 
supervision authority i.e. the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (the “ACPR”) with a credible 
set of tools to intervene in an institution that is failing or likely to fail (as defined in the Ordinance) so as to 
ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the 
impact of the institution’s failure on the economy and financial system. 
Under the Ordinance, powers are granted to the ACPR to implement resolution measures with respect to an 
institution and certain of its affiliates (each a “relevant entity”) (including the Issuer) in circumstances in 
which the resolution conditions are met – namely that the institution is failing or likely to fail. Due to the 
fact that resolution powers are intended to be used prior to the point at which ordinary insolvency 
proceedings would have been initiated in respect of the Issuer, holders may not be able to anticipate any 
potential exercise of the powers nor the potential impact on the Issuer, the Group or the Notes of any exercise 
of such powers. 
The Ordinance currently contains the following main resolution tools which could be applied to the Issuer 
or any insurer within its Group: 
(i) 
bridge institution: enables the ACPR to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant entity to 
a "bridge entity"; 
(ii) 
asset separation: enables the ACPR to transfer impaired or problem assets of the relevant entity to 
asset management vehicles to allow such assets to be managed and worked out over time; and 
(iii) 
administrator (administrateur de résolution): enables the ACPR to intervene in the corporate 
governance of the relevant entity. 
Where the statutory conditions for use of resolution powers have been met, the ACPR would be expected to 
exercise the powers without the consent of holders of the Notes. 
The impact of the Ordinance and its implementing provisions on insurance institutions, including the Issuer 
or any insurer within its Group, is currently unclear but its current and future implementation and 
applicability to the Issuer and the Group or the taking of any action pursuant to it could substantially affect 
the rights of the Noteholders, the activity and financial condition of the Issuer and the Group, the value of 
the Notes and could lead to Noteholders losing some or all of the value of their investment in such Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the resolution powers do not contain any bail-in power as for credit institutions 
under the bank recovery and resolution directive. 
French Insolvency Law 
As a société anonyme incorporated in France, French insolvency law applies to the Issuer. Under French 
insolvency law, notwithstanding any clause to the contrary, holders of debt securities (obligations) are 
automatically grouped into a single assembly of holders (the “Assembly”) in order to defend their common 
interests if a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure 
de sauvegarde accélérée), an accelerated financial safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde financière

--- Page 20 ---
20 
accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) is opened in France 
with respect to the Issuer. 
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities (obligations) issued by the Issuer (including the 
Notes), whether or not under a debt issuance programme (such as an Euro Medium Term Notes programme) 
and regardless of the governing law applicable to such issuance. 
The Assembly deliberates on the proposed draft safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), draft 
accelerated safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée), draft accelerated financial safeguard 
plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or draft judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan 
de redressement) applicable to the Issuer and may further agree to: 
- 
increase the liabilities (charges) of holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) by 
rescheduling due payments and/or partially or totally writing off receivables in the form of debt 
securities;  
- 
establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) as 
appropriate under the circumstances; and/or 
- 
decide to convert debt securities (including the Notes) into shares or securities that give or may give 
right to share capital.  
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third majority (calculated as a proportion of the amount 
of debt securities held by the holders expressing a vote). No quorum is required to convoke the Assembly. 
The holders whose rights are not modified by the proposed plan do not participate in the vote.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the Representation of the Noteholders described in 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes 
will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law provisions 
that apply in these circumstances. 
The procedures, as described above or as they will or may be amended, could have a material adverse impact 
on holders of the Notes seeking repayment in the event that the Issuer or its subsidiaries were to become 
insolvent. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on 
the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Any decisions taken by the Assembly or a class of creditors, 
as the case may be, could substantially impact the Noteholders and even cause them to lose all or part of 
their investment, should they not be able to recover amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
Credit Risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer.  
In respect of the Senior Notes, in accordance with Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal, interest and other amounts payable under the 
Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes) unsecured obligations of the Issuer.  
In respect of the Tier 3 Notes, in accordance with Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 
Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal, interest and other amounts payable under the Tier 
3 Notes constitute, prior to the Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligation Redemption Event, direct,

--- Page 21 ---
21 
unconditional, unsecured Ordinary Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer, and as from the Existing Ordinary 
Subordinated Obligation Redemption Event (inclusive), will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
Senior Subordinated Obligations.  
In respect of the Tier 2 Notes, in accordance with Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 
Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal, interest and other amounts payable under the Tier 
2 Notes constitute, direct, unconditional, unsecured Ordinary Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer. 
If the credit worthiness, or perceived credit worthiness, of the Issuer deteriorates (notwithstanding Condition 
9 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes in respect of Senior Notes only, which enables the 
Noteholders of Senior Notes to request the redemption of such Senior Notes), the Issuer may not be able to 
fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, it could have a significant adverse impact on the 
Noteholders which may lose all or part of their investment. The price of the Notes will also depend on the 
financial situation of the Issuer. If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, the value of the Notes 
may decrease and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
Modification and waiver of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes 
provides that the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the same Series, be grouped automatically 
for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 11, and contains provisions 
for Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interest generally to be adopted either through a general 
meeting or by unanimous consent following a written consultation. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant general 
meeting, and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. General meetings or written 
consultations may deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the conditions of the Notes 
subject to the limitations provided by French law, as more fully described in Condition 11. If a decision is 
adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the 
Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence Noteholders may 
lose part of their investment. 
By exception to the above provisions, Condition 11(g) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, of 
the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes provides that the provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the 
French Code de commerce (respectively providing for a prior approval of the General Meeting of the 
Noteholders of any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or of an issue of bonds benefiting from 
a security (sûreté réelle)) shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of these exclusions, the prior approval of 
the Noteholders will not have to be obtained on any such matters which may affect their interests generally. 
B. RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET OF THE NOTES 
Market Value of the Notes 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant stock exchange where the Notes 
will be admitted to trading, if applicable. Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes 
issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market as it shall be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Therefore, the market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer and/or of the Group and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the 
volatility of market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. As of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the long term debt of the Issuer is rated A+ with a stable outlook by Fitch, A1 with a 
stable outlook by Moody’s and A with a stable outlook by S&P. However, if the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer deteriorates, this could have a significant adverse impact on the Noteholders and as a result the Issuer

--- Page 22 ---
22 
may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes and the value of the Notes 
may decrease. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France, or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and Euronext 
Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or stock exchanges on which the Notes may be traded. The price 
at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be 
substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder.  
Accordingly, this could have a significant adverse impact on the Noteholders, and all or part of the capital 
invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case 
would receive significantly less than the total amount of capital invested.  
No active secondary/trading market for the Notes 
The Notes may not have an established trading market when issued. A secondary market for the Notes may 
not develop or the continued liquidity of such market if one may not develop. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number 
of factors such as general economic conditions, the financial condition and/or, the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or the Group, and the value of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors such as the 
complexity and volatility of the reference rate, the method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of 
such Notes, the time remaining to the maturity of the Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, any 
redemption features of the Notes, the performance of other instruments linked to the reference rates and the 
level, direction and volatility of interest rates generally. In addition, certain Notes may be designed for 
specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may have a more limited secondary market and 
experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. In the event that any such Notes are listed 
or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), such listing or admission to trading may not satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements or meet investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it 
should be noted that the criteria for any such listing or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. Any such listing or admission to trading may not be obtained or 
maintained in respect of any such Notes.  
Although particular Tranche of Notes may specify that they are expected to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market in the EEA, such application may not be accepted, and 
any particular Tranche of Notes may not be so admitted to trading or an active trading market may not 
develop. Accordingly, a trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes may not develop or may be 
illiquid. As a consequence, Noteholders may be adversely impacted since they may not be able to sell Notes 
readily or at prices that will enable them to realise their anticipated yield and as a result, Noteholders could 
lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. Condition 1 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes, of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes provides that subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, 
Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Sterling, Australian dollars and in any other currency specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 23 ---
23 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if a Noteholder’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Noteholder’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Noteholder’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Noteholder’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Noteholder’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Noteholder’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Noteholder’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Notes and (iii) the Noteholder’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could negatively affect an applicable exchange rate.  
As a result, Noteholders may be negatively impacted and may receive less interest or principal than expected. 
This may result in a loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic 
currency is not the Specified Currency. 
C. RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES  
C.1 
Interest Rate Risks  
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b)(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 
Notes allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate 
involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. 
In particular, a Noteholder who holds a Note, which pays interest at a fixed rate, is exposed to the risk that 
the market value of such Note could fall as a result of changes in the market interest rate (the “Market 
Interest Rate”). While the nominal interest rate of a fixed interest rate Note is determined during the term 
of such Note or within a given period of time, the Market Interest Rate typically varies on a daily basis. As 
the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Note varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest 
Rate increases, the price of the Note typically decreases, until the yield of the Note equals approximately the 
Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a fixed-rate Note typically increases, 
until the yield of the bond equals approximately the Market Interest Rate.  
Movements of the Market Interest Rate may have a material adverse effect on the price of the Notes and can 
lead to losses for Noteholders if they sell Notes during the period in which the Market Interest Rate exceeds 
the fixed rate of the Notes. 
Resettable Notes 
Condition 5(b)(ii) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 
Notes allows for Resettable Notes to be issued. In the case of any Series of Resettable Notes, the rate of 
interest on such Resettable Notes will be reset by reference to the then prevailing Mid-Swap Rate, or in 
respect of the Tier 3 Notes and the Tier 2 Notes Benchmark Gilt Rate, Reference Bond Rate or CMT Rate, 
as adjusted for any applicable margin, on the reset dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. This is more 
particularly described in Condition 5(b)(ii) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, of the Tier 3 
Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
The reset of the rate of interest in accordance with such provisions may significantly affect the secondary 
market for and the market value of such Resettable Notes. Following any such reset of the rate of interest 
applicable to the Notes, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on the 
relevant Resettable Notes may be lower than the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
and/or any previous Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. A Noteholder of Resettable Notes is exposed to the 
risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income and may be significantly impacted by 
such fluctuations. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes 
allows for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate 
Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, 
investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so 
that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest 
periods. If the relevant Final Terms of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, Noteholders 
are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, Noteholders may reinvest the 
interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s 
ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may substantially affect the market value and the secondary market (if 
any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to 
be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not 
change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change 
in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be 
volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant 
reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of 
the relevant reference rate.  
These reference rates are not pre-defined for the lifespan of the Notes. Higher reference rates mean a higher 
interest under the Notes and lower reference rates mean a lower interest under the Notes. The degree to 
which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date 
may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may have a 
substantial negative impact on the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes 
if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. 
Risks related to the regulation and reform of “benchmarks”  
In accordance with the provisions of Conditions 5(b) and 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes, of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Resettable Notes 
and/or the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to an Original Mid-Swap Rate or, as the 
case may be, an Original Reference Rate that constitute “benchmarks” for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 
June 2016 and applied since 1 January 2018. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR and CMS Rate) are 
the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation

--- Page 25 ---
25 
methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EEA. Notwithstanding the provisions of Conditions 
5(b)(iii) and (iv) in respect of the Resettable Notes and Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes which 
seek to offset any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material 
impact on Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, including in any of the following circumstances: 
- 
an index which is a “benchmark” could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the 
administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional 
provisions do not apply; and 
- 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” could be changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the “benchmark” and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of 
their investment. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked to 
or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Notes (please refer to the risk factor entitled “The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such 
“benchmarks” below). However, such fallback provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by 
the relevant national authority, as further explained below. Depending on the manner in which a benchmark 
is to be determined under Condition 5(b)(iii) in respect of the Resettable Notes or under Condition 5(c)(iii) 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, of the Tier 3 Notes 
and of the Tier 2 Notes, this may in certain circumstances (i) for the Resettable Notes or, for the Floating 
Rate Notes, if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, result in the application of a backward-
looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas the relevant benchmark is expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) for the Floating Rate Notes, if 
Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the 
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked 
to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions

--- Page 26 ---
26 
applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing 
provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 12 February 2021 (the “Amending Regulation”). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for 
certain benchmarks on the European Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback provision or no 
suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. These provisions could 
have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme 
linked to or referencing such benchmark  and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform 
differently from the discontinued or unavailable benchmark. However, there are still uncertainties as to the 
exact implementation of this provision pending the implementing acts taken by the European Commission. 
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 
2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory 
requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
The occurrence of a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event or of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
In respect of the Resettable Notes, Condition 5(b)(iv) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, of 
the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Mid-
Swap Benchmark Event occurs. 
In respect of the Floating Rate Notes, where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Senior Notes, of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes provides for certain fallback 
arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as 
EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate, and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, 
becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted 
lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation 
or otherwise.  
In respect of the Resettable Notes, such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest 
could be set by reference to a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (both as defined 
in Condition 5(b)(ii) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 
Notes), determined by an Independent Adviser and such Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required) in order to take account of any adjustment factor to make 
such rates comparable to rates quoted on the basis of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate. 
In respect of the Floating Rate Notes, such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of 
interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes), 
with or without the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and 
would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the 
Independent Adviser and without the consent of the Noteholders.  
In certain circumstances, including where no Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined or, in respect of the Tier 3 Notes and the 
Tier 2 Notes, if the Issuer determines that the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate or the Original 
Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) would prejudice the qualification of the Notes as Tier 3 Capital or 
as Tier 2 Capital (as applicable) of the Issuer and/or the Group, other fallbacks rules may be used, which 
consist in the rate of interest for such Interest Period to be based on the rate which applied for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, as set out in the risk factor above entitled “Risks related to the 
regulation and reform of “benchmarks”. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Mid-Swap Rates, Alternative 
Mid-Swap Rates, Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes 
and as a consequence, Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Resettable Notes or Floating Rate 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark” or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and the amount payable under, the Resettable Notes or Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a 
“benchmark”. The Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances 
described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences and, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to such Noteholder. The 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion of the principal amount invested in 
the relevant Resettable Notes or Floating Rate Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes 
allows for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that 
(i) will automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the 
date set out in the relevant Final Terms, or that (ii) the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms. The 
conversion of the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the 
conversion from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. 
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the rate is 
automatically converted from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on its Notes and any such volatility may have a negative effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
Condition 5(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. 
The market values of Zero Coupon Notes as well as other Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do the 
prices for conventional interest-bearing securities of comparable maturities. Generally, the longer the

--- Page 28 ---
28 
remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
Therefore, in similar market conditions, the holders of Zero Coupon Notes (which may only be Senior 
Notes), as well as other Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount, could 
be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate 
Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have a potential effect on the market value of the 
Notes. 
C.2 
Early Redemption Risks 
Notes subject to early redemption  
In respect of Senior Notes, the Issuer has the option, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem 
the Notes under a Residual Maturity Call Option as provided in Condition 6(b), a Clean-up Call Option as 
provided in Condition 6(c), or a Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption as provided 
in Condition 6(d), or a Make-Whole Redemption as provided in Condition 6(e) in each case in the Terms 
and Conditions of Senior Notes. In certain circumstances, in respect of Senior Notes, the Issuer also has the 
option to, or shall, redeem all, but not some only, of the Senior Notes then outstanding for taxation reasons, 
as provided in Condition 6(h) in the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes. 
In respect of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer has the option, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, to 
redeem the Notes under a Clean-up Call Option as provided in Condition 6(e). 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be 
lower than expected. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to 
redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, a 
Noteholder generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Should the Notes at such time be trading well above the price set for redemption, the negative impact 
on the Noteholders' anticipated returns would be significant. Therefore, an optional redemption may reduce 
the profits Noteholders may have expected in subscribing in the Notes.  
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option, there is no obligation under (i) Condition 6(c) with 
respect to Senior Notes and (ii) Condition 6(e) with respect to Subordinated Notes, for the Issuer to inform 
Noteholders if and when the threshold of 80% of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series 
of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist 
notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up 
Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of 
capital invested. 
The Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption provided in Condition 6(d) with respect 
to the Senior Notes are exercisable in whole or in part. In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised 
Notes, such partial redemption shall be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Notes in 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. In the case of a partial redemption of Materialised 
Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall contain the number of the Definitive 
Materialised Notes to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may 
be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. Depending on the proportion of the

--- Page 29 ---
29 
principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of 
which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. 
Senior Notes subject to optional redemption by the Noteholders 
In accordance with Condition 6(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, the Final Terms for a 
particular issue of Senior Notes may provide that such Senior Notes may be redeemed (either in whole or in 
part) prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Noteholders. Exercise of a Put Option in respect of 
certain Senior Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option 
is not exercised. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option provided in the 
relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such 
option is not exercised may become illiquid, which shall in turn negatively impact those Noteholders. 
C.3 
 Additional risk relating to Senior Notes  
Restricted covenants 
The Senior Notes do not restrict the Issuer from incurring additional debt. Condition 4 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes provides a negative pledge that prohibits the Issuer, in certain circumstances, 
from creating security over assets, but only to the extent that such is used to secure other notes (obligations) 
or other securities (excluding titres de créance négociables or other commercial paper which have a stated 
maturity of less than 12 months). The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes do not contain any other 
covenants restricting the operations of the Issuer. If the Issuer incurs significant additional debt ranking 
equally with the Senior Notes, it will increase the number of claims that would rank equally with those of 
the Noteholders in connection with an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding, and that could 
consequently lower their chances to obtain redemption. These restricted covenants may not provide 
sufficient protection for Noteholders which could materially and adversely impact the Noteholders and 
increase the risk of losing all of their investment in the Senior Notes. 
C.4 
Additional risks relating to Subordinated Notes  
Deferral of Redemption or Purchase 
The Issuer may be required to defer any redemption or purchase of the Tier 3 Notes or the Tier 2 Notes as 
described in Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and in Condition 6 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes, if, on the due date for such redemption or purchase, the Conditions to 
Redemption and Purchase are not satisfied, namely that (i) the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority have not been obtained, (ii) a Regulatory Deficiency Redemption Deferral Event or a Regulatory 
Deficiency has occurred and is continuing or would occur if, respectively, the Tier 3 Notes or the Tier 2 
Notes were redeemed or purchased or (iii) an Insolvent Insurance Affiliate Winding-up has occurred and is 
continuing (all as defined and further described in the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes). 
If redemption or purchase of the Tier 3 Notes or the Tier 2 Notes is deferred, the Tier 3 Notes or the Tier 2 
Notes will become due for redemption or purchase only upon satisfaction of the Conditions to Redemption 
and Purchase as described in Condition 6(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and in 
Condition 6(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
The inability to satisfy any of the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase may delay the date on which the 
Notes are effectively redeemed or even prevent the Notes from being redeemed and such actual or 
anticipated delay or prevention is likely to have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes.  
Deferral of redemption of the Subordinated Notes for the reasons set out above could have a material adverse 
effect on holders of such Subordinated Notes that will, subject to any compulsory or optional deferral, 
continue to receive interest but will not receive any additional compensation for the postponement of the 
redemption and that may not receive the principal amount invested until after the date initially expected. 
Tier 3 Notes and Tier 2 Notes are subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
As provided under Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes, if the relevant Final Terms 
specify that the Notes are "Senior Subordinated Notes", the status of the Notes may change as follows during 
the life of the Tier 3 Notes: 
(i) 
Prior to the Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligation Redemption Event: The obligations 
of the Issuer under the Tier 3 Notes in respect of principal, interest and other amounts, constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and rank and shall at all times rank without 
any preference among themselves (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law) 
equally and rateably with any other existing or future Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, in priority to all 
present and future Equity Securities, Undated Junior Subordinated Obligations, Dated Junior Subordinated 
Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, and titres participatifs issued by, the Issuer, but behind 
subordinated Obligations expressed to rank senior to Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, if any, and behind 
Unsubordinated Obligations. 
(ii) 
As from the Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligation Redemption Event (inclusive): The 
obligations of the Issuer under the Tier 3 Notes in respect of principal, interest and other amounts, will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured Senior Subordinated Obligations and rank and shall at all times 
rank without any preference among themselves (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
French law) equally and rateably with any other existing or future Senior Subordinated Obligations, in 
priority to all present and future Equity Securities, Undated Junior Subordinated Obligations, Dated Junior 
Subordinated Obligations, Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, and titres 
participatifs issued by, the Issuer, but behind subordinated Obligations expressed to rank senior to Senior 
Subordinated Obligations, if any, and behind Unsubordinated Obligations. 
As provided under Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes, if the relevant Final Terms 
specify that the Notes are "Ordinary Subordinated Notes", the obligations of the Issuer under the Tier 2 
Notes and (if applicable) any relative Coupons in respect of principal, interest and other amounts, constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and rank and shall at all times rank 
without any preference among themselves (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French 
law) equally and rateably with any other existing or future Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, in priority 
to all present and future Equity Securities, Undated Junior Subordinated Obligations, Dated Junior 
Subordinated Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, and titres participatifs issued by, the Issuer, but 
behind subordinated Obligations expressed to rank senior to Ordinary Subordinated Obligations (including 
Senior Subordinated Obligations), if any, and behind Unsubordinated Obligations. 
If any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) 
or, following an order of judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire), the sale of the whole business 
(cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any reason, the rights of the 
Noteholders in respect of principal and interest due in respect of any issue, as the case may be, of Tier 3 
Notes or Tier 2 Notes (including any outstanding Arrears of Interest, as defined below) will be subordinated 
to the payments of claims of other creditors of the Issuer (other than subordinated claims) including

--- Page 31 ---
31 
insurance companies and entities referred to in Article R.322-132 of the French Code des assurances 
reinsured by the Issuer, holders of insurance policies issued by such entities and creditors with respect to 
Unsubordinated Obligations. 
Any of such procedures could have an adverse effect on the rights of Noteholders of Tier 3 Notes or of 
Noteholders of Tier 2 Notes as in the event of incomplete payment of creditors ranking senior to holders, as 
the case may be, of the Tier 3 Notes or the Tier 2 Notes (in the context of voluntary or judicial liquidation 
of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer) the obligations 
of the Issuer in connection with, as the case may be, the Tier 3 Notes or the Tier 2 Notes and related interest 
will be terminated. Thus, the holders, as the case may be, of the Tier 3 Notes or of the Tier 2 Notes face a 
higher performance risk than holders of Senior Notes of the Issuer. 
Under certain conditions, payments of interest under the Subordinated Notes may or will be deferred 
Pursuant to Condition 5(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms relating to Tier 2 Notes, on any Optional Interest Payment Date (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes), the Issuer may, at its option, elect to defer payment of all or part of the 
interest accrued to that date, and the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment and any 
failure to pay shall not constitute a default by the Issuer for any purpose. 
On any Mandatory Interest Deferral Date (as defined in Condition 5(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Tier 3 Notes or in Condition 5(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes), the Issuer will be obliged 
to defer payment of all (but not some only) of the interest accrued to that date (and any such failure to pay 
shall not constitute a default by the Issuer for any purpose), provided however that the relevant Interest 
Payment Date will not be a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date in relation to such interest payment (or such 
part thereof) if certain conditions are met as provided in Condition 5(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Tiers 3 Notes and in Condition 5(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes. 
Any interest not paid on an Optional Interest Payment Date or a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date and 
deferred shall so long as they remain outstanding constitute Arrears of Interest and shall be payable subject 
to the fulfilment of the Conditions to Settlement as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes 
or in the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes.  
Any deferral of interest payments will be likely to have an adverse effect on the market price of the 
Subordinated Notes.  In addition, as a result of the above provisions of the Subordinated Notes, the market 
price of the Subordinated Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on 
which interest accrues that are not subject to the above provisions and may be more sensitive generally to 
adverse changes in the Issuer's financial condition and Noteholders may receive less interest than initially 
anticipated or at a later date than initially anticipated. 
Capital requirements for “tier two” and “tier three” instruments: Solvency II 
Subordinated Notes will be issued for regulatory capital requirement purposes in accordance with 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations. The Solvency II Directive 2009/138/EC was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on December 17, 2009 and has been amended by Directive 2014/51/EU. It 
was implemented under French law by Ordinance 2015-378 dated April 2, 2015 completed by the decree 
(décret) 2015-513 dated May 7, 2015 and an order (arrêté) of the same date and has entered into force on 
January 1, 2016. On April 1, 2015, a number of early approval processes started and the Solvency II regime 
became fully applicable on January 1, 2016. The European Commission’s Solvency II Delegated Regulation 
2015/35 supplementing Solvency II was adopted on October 10, 2014, and was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on January 17, 2015. This regulation came into force on January 18, 2015 
and is directly applicable to the relevant insurers in the European Union. This regulation was modified by

--- Page 32 ---
32 
the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/981 of 8 March 2019, as amended, which was adopted 
on March 8, 2019 and entered into force on 8 July 2019.  
The effect of the implementing measures related to the new Solvency II requirements could have adverse 
consequences on the holders of Subordinated Notes. In particular: 
• 
the Issuer will be obliged to defer interest payments if the own funds regulatory capital (or, if 
different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept by the then Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations) of the Issuer is not sufficient to cover its capital requirement; 
• 
in the same circumstances the redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes will be only permitted 
subject to the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority. 
There continue to be material uncertainties around the impact of the more detailed technical requirements 
of Solvency II. The new framework covers the definition of “own funds” regulatory capital and, 
accordingly, will set out the features which any capital must have in order to qualify as regulatory capital. 
Even though “level two” implementation measures have been enacted and “level three” guidelines have 
been released, such implementation measures and guidelines may be amended, supplemented or superseded. 
Moreover, there is considerable uncertainty as to how regulators, including the French Autorité de Contrôle 
Prudentiel et de Résolution, will interpret the “level two” implementation measures and/or “level three” 
guidance and apply them to the Issuer or the Group.  
Any such changes that may occur in the application of Solvency II in France subsequent to the date of this 
Base Prospectus and/or any subsequent changes to such rules and other variables may individually and/or 
in aggregate negatively affect the calculation of the Issuer's solvency capital requirement (or, if different, 
whatever terminology is employed to denote such requirement by the then applicable Solvency II 
regulations) and render the Issuer’s regulatory capital requirements more onerous and thus increase the risk 
of deferral of interest payments and the occurrence of a Regulatory Event and subsequent redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes by the Issuer as a result of which a Noteholder could lose all or part of the value of their 
investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
Early redemption risk in respect of Subordinated Notes 
Subject to the satisfaction of the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase, the Issuer may redeem the 
Subordinated Notes in whole but not in part, on any applicable call date or during any First Call Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. However, if the Issuer issues further tranches of Notes pursuant to 
Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes, the restriction to 
limit the redemption or purchase of the Notes during the 5-year period following the Issue Date in 
accordance with Condition 6 (b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes 
will be extended (to the extent so required by applicable laws and regulations) until after the fifth (5th) 
anniversary of the issue date of the last tranche of such further Notes unless further conditions are satisfied 
(as set out in Condition 6 (i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes). 
The Issuer may also, at its option and subject to the satisfaction of the Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase, redeem the Subordinated Notes in whole but not in part upon the occurrence of certain events, 
including tax reasons, a Regulatory Event and a Rating Methodology Event, as further described in 
Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and in Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Tier 2 Notes. Such redemption options will be exercised at the principal amount of such Notes 
together with interest accrued to the date of redemption (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Arrears 
of Interest (if any) thereon at such date).

--- Page 33 ---
33 
The optional redemption feature of the Subordinated Notes may affect the market value of the Subordinated 
Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value of 
the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This may also be true prior to the first applicable call date. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Subordinated Notes, Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in securities offering a comparable yield.  
Issuer optional redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons and rating reasons  
Subordinated Notes will be issued with the intention of being eligible as “tier three” or “tier two” own funds 
regulatory capital (or, if different, such terminology as is employed to denote such concept by the then 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations, as defined in Condition 5(i) of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes) 
of the Issuer and/or the Group for the purposes of the determination of the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s 
regulatory capital (including for the purpose of any capital requirements of internationally active insurance 
groups). If as a result of any change in the relevant laws and regulations, or any change in the official 
interpretation thereof, the proceeds of the Subordinated Notes would cease being eligible as own funds 
regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or the Group of at least Tier 3 Capital (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes) or Tier 2 Capital (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 
Notes) (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept by the then Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations) that the Subordinated Notes would be expected to fall under on or about the Issue 
Date, the Issuer reserves the right, under the same circumstances and subject to the satisfaction of the 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase, to redeem the Subordinated Notes early. The Subordinated Notes 
may also be redeemed further to a change in the methodology of a Rating Agency as a result of which the 
equity credit of the Subordinated Notes is materially reduced, when compared to the equity credit in the 
capital adequacy assessment assigned by such Rating Agency to the Notes at or around the date when the 
equity credit in the capital adequacy assessment is assigned in the first instance. 
The early redemption of the Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer may affect the market value of 
the Subordinated Notes. If the Issuer, in such circumstances, takes decision to redeem early the Subordinated 
Notes, a Noteholder generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed. Should the Subordinated Notes at such time 
be trading well above the price set for redemption, the Noteholders' anticipated returns would be adversely 
impacted. 
The Issuer is not required to redeem the Subordinated Notes for taxation reasons 
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations in general are enforceable under French law. In 
addition if any obligations to pay additional amounts under Condition 8(b) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Tier 3 Notes and Condition 8(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes are held to be illegal 
or unenforceable under French law, the Issuer will have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem the 
Subordinated Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer does not redeem the Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence 
of an event as described in Condition 6(f)(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and in 
Condition 6(f)(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes, Noteholders may receive less than the 
full amount due under the Subordinated Notes, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely 
affected. 
Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date  
In accordance with Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes, 
Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date are scheduled to be redeemed at their Final Redemption 
Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Scheduled Maturity Date, provided that on such

--- Page 34 ---
34 
date the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase are fulfilled, failing which the redemption of such Notes 
will be postponed. 
The Scheduled Maturity Date will be postponed if the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase are not 
fulfilled on the Scheduled Maturity Date and the Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date will 
only be redeemed on the Final Maturity Date, where the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase are 
fulfilled. Therefore such postponement could have an adverse impact on the Noteholders as holders of such 
Subordinated Notes may not receive the principal amount invested until after the date initially expected. 
If the Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date are not redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
for the reasons set out above, holders of such Subordinated Notes will – subject to any mandatory or, as the 
case may be, optional deferral – continue to receive interest but will not receive any additional compensation 
for the postponement of the redemption. 
Tier 2 Notes with no specified maturity date 
Tier 2 Notes with no specified maturity date are undated securities. Nevertheless, the Tier 2 Notes with no 
specified maturity date may, if applicable, be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, (i) in whole or in part on 
any applicable call date specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in whole but not in part, at any time 
for certain tax, regulatory or rating reasons, at the option of the Issuer. At the relevant time, the relevant 
Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide 
the same return as their investment in the Tier 2 Notes with no specified maturity date. Should the Tier 2 
Notes with no specified maturity date at such time be trading well above the price set for redemption, the 
Noteholders' anticipated returns would be adversely impacted.  
No Events of Default in respect of Subordinated Notes  
As provided under Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes do not contain 
any events of default provision which means there is no right of acceleration of the Subordinated Notes in 
the case of non-payment of principal or interest on the Subordinated Notes or of the Issuer’s failure to 
perform any of its obligations under the Subordinated Notes. Payment of principal and interest on the 
Subordinated Notes shall be accelerated only if any judgment shall be issued for the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason. As a result of the 
above, the value of the Notes or liquidity on the secondary market may be negatively affected.  
No limitation on issuing or guaranteeing debt, including debt ranking senior to, or pari passu with, the 
Subordinated Notes 
Apart from the Programme size limit referred to on the cover page of this Base Prospectus, there is no 
restriction under the Programme on the amount of unsecured debt which the Issuer may issue or guarantee. 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries and affiliates may incur additional indebtedness or grant guarantees in respect 
of indebtedness of third parties, including indebtedness or guarantees that rank senior in priority of payment 
to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. If the Issuer's financial condition were to deteriorate, the 
relevant Noteholders could suffer direct and adverse consequences, including deferral of interest and, if the 
Issuer were liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), loss by the relevant Noteholders of all or a 
portion of their investment. 
The terms of the Subordinated Notes contain a waiver of set-off rights 
Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes provide that their 
holders waive any set-off rights to which they might otherwise be entitled to the extent such rights would

--- Page 35 ---
35 
otherwise impact the loss absorbing capacity of the Subordinated Notes. As a result, holders of the 
Subordinated Notes will not at any time be entitled to set-off the Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated 
Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer. Therefore, holders of Subordinated Notes may not 
receive any amount in respect of their claims or any amount due under the Notes. 
The terms of the Subordinated Notes contain very limited covenants 
In accordance with Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes, 
there is no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes. In addition, the Subordinated Notes do not 
require the Issuer to comply with financial ratios or otherwise limit its ability or that of its subsidiaries to 
incur additional debt, nor do they limit the Issuer’s ability to use cash to make investments or acquisitions, 
or the ability of the Issuer or its subsidiaries to pay dividends, repurchase shares or otherwise distribute cash 
to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect the Issuer’s ability to service its debt obligations, 
including those of the Subordinated Notes. These very limited covenants may not provide sufficient 
protection for Noteholders which could adversely impact the Noteholders and increase the risk of losing all 
of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
Subordinated Notes indexed on CMS rates of two different maturities  
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes and of the Tier 2 Notes allows for Notes 
allows for Subordinated Notes indexed on one or two CMS Rates to be issued. Investment in Subordinated 
Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) one or two (2) CMS Rates, which may be added, 
subtracted or multiplied, and/or factored and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, 
from such base rate(s). If the combination formula of two (2) CMS Rates on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date is equal to or less than zero, no interest payment would be due for the related Interest 
Period (i.e., the interest rate for that relevant Interest Period would be equal to 0 per cent., unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and subject to any caps or floors provided herein). There will be a 
periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rates (e.g., every three months 
or six months). Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes to the 
reference rates can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of 
the relevant reference rate. The Subordinated Notes are not a suitable investment for investors who require 
regular fixed income payments because the Interest Amounts are variable. 
C.5 
Risks relating to Green Notes 
As described in the section "Use of proceeds" of this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms relating to any 
specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to issue "green notes" (the 
“Green Notes”) and apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the Eligible Green Assets as defined in the relevant 
Final Terms and described in the Issuer's green framework dated June 2019, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time (the “Framework”) which will be available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.cnp.fr/le-groupe-cnp-assurances/investisseurs/notations-et-financement/financements).  
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined 
as, a “green” or equivalently labelled project is still under development. On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) 
No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment was adopted by the 
Council and the European Parliament (the “Taxonomy Regulation”). The Taxonomy Regulation 
establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and investors 
with a common language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally 
sustainable.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
As a result, there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus 
as to what constitutes, a "green" or an equivalently-labelled project, and the Eligible Green Assets or use(s) 
the subject of, or related to, the Eligible Green Assets may not meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such "green" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
The use of the proceeds for any projects included in the Eligible Green Assets may not satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates.  
The second party opinion provided by Vigeo Eiris (the “Second Party Opinion”) or any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Assets to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability and/or other criteria may not be suitable or reliable for any purpose 
whatsoever.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the Green Notes in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, 
any Eligible Green Assets may not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner 
and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially 
disbursed for such projects. Such projects may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by 
the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes, 
create an obligation for the Issuer to redeem the Notes, give a right to the Noteholders to request the early 
redemption or the acceleration of the Notes and/or give any claim to the Noteholders against the Issuer.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds from such Green Notes to Eligible Green Assets and/or 
withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification or any opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and 
also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance such projects and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose and consequently, Noteholders could be adversely affected. 
The classification of Notes as Green Notes will not affect their status in terms of subordination or regulatory 
treatment. As to such status, please refer to the risk factor entitled “Capital requirements for “tier two” and 
“tier three” instruments: Solvency II”.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which 
have been previously published and filed with the AMF and which are incorporated in, and shall be 
deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(1) the sections referred to in the table below included in the Rapport Financier Semestriel 2021 
in the French language of the Issuer, which includes the unaudited consolidated financial 
statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 and the limited review report of the 
statutory auditors thereon (the “2021 Half-Year Financial Report” or the “2021 HYFR”) 
(https://www.cnp.fr/cnp/content/download/10031/file/RFS%202021%20CNP%20Assuranc
es%20FR.pdf); 
(2) the sections referred to in the table below included in the Document d’enregistrement 
universel 2020 in the French language of the Issuer filed with the AMF under n°D.21-0113 
on 12 March 2021 and which includes the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020, the audited non consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the reports of the statutory 
auditors thereon (the “2020 Universal Registration Document” or the “2020 URD”) 
(https://www.cnp.fr/cnp/content/download/9600/file/Document_d_enregistrement_universe
l_2020_CNP_Assurances.pdf); 
(3) the sections referred to in the table below included in the Document d'enregistrement 
universel 2019 in the French language of the Issuer filed with the AMF under n°D.20-0131 
on 16 March 2020 and which includes the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019, the audited non consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the reports of the statutory 
auditors thereon (the “2019 Universal Registration Document” or the “2019 URD”) 
(https://www.cnp.fr/cnp/content/download/8837/file/Document-enregistrement-universel-
2019-CNP_accessible.pdf);  
(4) the Sections “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 
3 Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes” of the base prospectus dated 21 
December 2018 (pages 39 to 181) approved by the AMF under number 18-578 (the “2018 
EMTN 
Previous 
Conditions”) 
(https://www.cnp.fr/cnp/content/download/7639/file/Programme+EMTN.pdf); and  
(5) the Sections “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 
3 Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes” of the base prospectus dated 22 
June 2020 (pages 43 to 193) approved by the AMF under number 20-274 (the “2020 EMTN 
Previous Conditions” and together with the 2018 EMTN Previous Conditions, the “EMTN 
Previous Conditions”) (https://www.cnp.fr/en/cnp/content/download/9012/file/CNP%20-
%20Update%202020%20-%20Base%20Prospectus.pdf). 
Such documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, save 
that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus 
to the extent that a statement contained in any document which is subsequently incorporated by 
reference herein by way of a supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise).  Any

--- Page 38 ---
38 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be available on the 
websites of the Issuer (http://www.cnp.fr/Analyste-investisseur) and, save for the 2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report, the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and www.info-financiere.fr. 
A free English translation of the 2021 Half-Year Financial Report, of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document and of the 2019 Registration Document are available on the website of the Issuer 
(http://www.cnp.fr/Analyste-investisseur). These documents are free translations of the 
corresponding French language documents and are furnished for information purposes only and are 
not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The only binding versions are the French 
language versions.  
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the cross-reference table below sets out the relevant 
page references and where applicable, the sections, for the information incorporated herein by 
reference.  Any information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus but not listed in the 
cross-reference table below is given for information purposes only, is not required by the schedules 
of Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as 
amended (the “Commission Delegated Regulation”) and is not part of this Base Prospectus and any 
documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Non-incorporated parts of the documents 
listed above are either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of 
Annex VII of the Commission Delegated Regulation and not referred to in the cross-reference table 
below is contained in the relevant sections of this Base Prospectus.  
The information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
Cross–reference table 
 
Annex VII of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
 
Information incorporated by 
reference 
Page no. in the relevant document 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that 
are specific to the issuer and that may 
affect the issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the securities, in a 
limited number of categories, in a 
section headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
 
In each category the most material risks, 
in the assessment of the issuer, offeror or 
person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market, taking into 
account the negative impact on the 
issuer and the probability of their 
occurrence, shall be set out first. The risk 
pp. 108 to 116 in the 2020 URD  
 
p. 20 in the 2021 HYFR

--- Page 39 ---
39 
factors shall be corroborated by the 
content of the registration document. 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the 
Issuer 
p. 382 in the 2020 URD  
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the Issuer, its 
registration number and legal entity 
identifier (“LEI”). 
p. 382 in the 2020 URD  
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and length of 
life of the Issuer, except where the 
period is indefinite. 
p. 382 in the 2020 URD  
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the 
Issuer, the legislation under which the 
Issuer 
operates, 
its 
country 
of 
incorporation, the address, telephone 
number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different 
from its registered office) and website of 
the Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that 
the information on the website does not 
form part of the prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference 
into the prospectus. 
p. 382 in the 2020 URD  
4.1.5 
Any recent events particular to the Issuer 
and which are to a material extent 
relevant to the evaluation of the Issuer’s 
solvency. 
pp. 24 to 27 in the 2020 URD 
 
pp. 5 to 9 in the 2021 HYFR  
 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 
Principal activities  
5.1.1 
A brief description of the issuer’s 
principal activities stating the main 
categories of products sold and/or 
services performed. 
pp. 6 to 11, 14, 15 and 24 to 30 in the 2020 URD  
 
pp. 10 to 16 in the 2021 HYFR  
 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements made by the 
issuer regarding its competitive position. 
pp. 8 to 11 and 14 and 15 in the 2020 URD  
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the issuer’s 
position within the group. This may be 
in the form of, or accompanied by, a 
diagram of the organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the structure.  
pp. 16 to 17 in the 2020 URD  
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other 
entities within the group, this must be 
clearly 
stated 
together 
with 
an 
explanation of this dependence. 
N/A  
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
9.1 
Names, 
business 
addresses 
and 
functions within the issuer of the 
following persons and an indication of 
the principal activities performed by 
them outside of that issuer where these 
are significant with respect to that issuer: 
(a) members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies; 
pp. 58 to 75 in the 2020 URD

--- Page 40 ---
40 
9.2 
Administrative, 
management, 
and 
supervisory bodies conflicts of interests 
 
Potential conflicts of interests between 
any duties to the issuer, of the persons 
referred to in item 9.1, and their private 
interests and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that there are 
no such conflicts, a statement to that 
effect must be made. 
pp. 89 to 90 in the 2020 URD  
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state 
whether the issuer is directly or 
indirectly owned or controlled and by 
whom and describe the nature of such 
control and describe the measures in 
place to ensure that such control is not 
abused. 
p. 302 in the 2020 URD  
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, 
known to the issuer, the operation of 
which may at a subsequent date result in 
a change in control of the issuer. 
p. 302 in the 2020 URD  
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
 
11.1.1 
Historical 
financial 
information 
covering the latest two financial years 
(at least 24 months) or such shorter 
period as the issuer has been in operation 
and the audit report in respect of each 
year 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
2021 HYFR 
pp. 120 to 296 in 
the 2019 URD  
pp. 122 to 296 in 
the 2020 URD  
pp. 22 to 103 in 
the 2021 HYFR  
11.1.3 
Accounting standards 
The financial information must be 
prepared according to International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
as 
endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 
 
(a) the balance sheet; 
 
(b) the income statement; 
 
(c) the accounting policies and 
explanatory notes. 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
2021 HYFR 
 
 
 
 
pp. 120 to 121 in 
the 2019 URD 
 
p. 122 in the 2019 
URD  
 
pp. 131 to 233 in 
the 2019 URD 
 
  
 
 
 
pp. 122 to 123 in 
the 2020 URD 
 
p. 124 in the 
2020 URD  
 
pp. 133 to 234 in 
the 2020 URD 
 
 
 
 
 
pp. 25 to 26 in 
the 2021 HYFR 
 
 
p. 27 in the 
2021 HYFR 
 
pp. 34 to 103 in 
the 2021 HYFR 
11.1.4 
Where the audited financial information 
is prepared according to national 
accounting standards, the financial 
information must include at least the 
following: 
  
(a) the balance sheet; 
 
(b) the income statement; 
 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
 
 
 
 
pp. 240 to 241 in the 2019 
URD 
 
pp. 242 to 243 in the 2019 
URD  
 
 
 
 
 
pp. 242 to 243 in the 2020 
URD 
 
pp. 244 to 246 in the 2020 
URD

--- Page 41 ---
41 
(c) the accounting policies and 
explanatory notes.  
pp. 245 to 288 in the 2019 
URD  
pp. 247 to 290 in the 2020 
URD  
11.1.5 
 
Consolidated financial statements  
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone 
and consolidated financial statements, 
include 
at 
least 
the 
consolidated 
financial statements in the registration 
document 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
2021 HYFR 
pp. 120 to 233 in 
the 2019 URD  
pp. 122 to 234 in 
the 2020 URD  
pp. 22 to 103 in 
the 2021 HYFR 
11.1.6 
Age of financial information  
The balance sheet date of the last year of 
audited financial information may not be 
older than 18 months from the date of 
the registration document 
pp. 122 to 123 and 242 to 243 in the 2020 URD  
11.2 
Auditing of historical annual financial 
information 
 
11.2.1 
The historical financial information 
must be independently audited. The 
audit report shall be prepared in 
accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC 
and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
2021 HYFR 
pp. 234 to 239 and 
290 to 296 in the 
2019 URD  
pp. 235 to 241 
and 292 to 296 in 
the 2020 URD  
pp. 104 to 106 in 
the 2021 HYFR 
(limited review) 
11.2.1a Where audit reports on the historical 
financial information have been refused 
by the statutory auditors or where they 
contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of 
matter, the reason must be given, and 
such 
qualifications, 
modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of matter must 
be reproduced in full.  
 
N/A 
11.2.2 
Indication of other information in the 
registration document which has been 
audited by the auditors. 
N/A 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
11.3.1 
Information on any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware), during a period covering at least 
the previous 12 months which may have, 
or have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the Issuer and/or group’s 
financial position or profitability, or 
provide 
an 
appropriate 
negative 
statement. 
p. 387 in the 2020 URD  
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
12.1 
A brief summary of all material 
contracts that are not entered into in the 
ordinary course of the issuer's business, 
which could result in any group member 
being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the issuer's ability to 
meet its obligations to security holders 
in respect of the securities being issued. 
p. 386 in the 2020 URD

--- Page 42 ---
42 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose 
only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes 
already issued under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. 
Information incorporated by reference  
Reference 
2018 EMTN Previous Conditions 
Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2018 
Pages 39 to 181 
2020 EMTN Previous Conditions 
Base Prospectus dated 22 June 2020 
Pages 43 to 193 
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 21 December 2018 and of the base 
prospectus dated 22 June 2020 are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, the 
Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further 
Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or 
on a Regulated Market shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus as required by Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, and shall 
supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is 
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base 
Prospectus is necessary, for the purpose of allowing an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Group, the rights attaching to the 
Notes, the Issuer shall prepare an amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent admission to trading on a regulated market, and shall supply 
each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Senior Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the 
terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text 
as completed by the relevant provisions of the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the 
full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and 
conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be 
endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have 
the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Senior 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by CNP Assurances (the “Issuer” or “CNP Assurances”). An agency agreement dated 10 
September 2021 has been entered into between the Issuer, Société Générale Securities Services as fiscal agent and 
the other agents named in it (the “Agency Agreement”). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination 
agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the 
“Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination and Currency 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) 
or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with 
Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier by book- entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of 
title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of 
Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) 
which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or 
the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf 
of the Issuer (the “Registration Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders in accordance 
with French laws unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any authorised 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on 
behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream”).  
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form. Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with coupons (the “Coupons”) (and, where 
appropriate, a talon (the “Talon”)) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon 
Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law 
and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require 
the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be Euro 100,000 
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
in such currency). Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified 
Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer 
in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes 
may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the 
Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, 
Coupons and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised 
Notes”), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed 
to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not 
it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any 
writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “Holder of Notes”, “Holder of any Note” or 
“Noteholder” means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose 
name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or

--- Page 46 ---
46 
the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and 
(ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised 
Note and the Coupons or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination:  
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest 
Payment Date, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar days’ notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 and on or after the date on which the European Member State in 
whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic 
and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European 
Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time (the “Treaty”), or 
events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, 
“EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into 
euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described 
below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be 
referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made 
by converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national 
currency into euro using the fixed relevant national currency euro conversion 
rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 
(4) of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest euro 0.01 
(with euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure 
resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed 
relevant national currency euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the 
nearest euro. The euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than euro 0.01 
shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest euro 0.01 (with 
euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in 
euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the 
Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms 
to the relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this 
Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 13, without the consent 
of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to 
these Conditions or Condition 13 (including, without limitation, any change 
to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal 
financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis 
or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of 
redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not

--- Page 47 ---
47 
prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, 
Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any 
Note, Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or 
expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of euro or any 
currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Currency: Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Sterling, 
Australian dollars and in any other currency specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may 
not be converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, 
whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) 
may not be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, 
at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any 
such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with 
Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French 
law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
amiable ou liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar 
proceedings affecting the Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Notes rank:

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(A) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from other preferred exceptions; and  
(B) 
senior to any other claims, past or future, of the Issuer ranking junior to the Senior 
Notes. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remains 
outstanding (as defined below), the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, 
pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest (sûreté réelle) upon any of their 
respective assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as 
defined below) unless at the same time or prior thereto the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes 
are equally and rateably secured therewith. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“outstanding” means in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of 
which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest 
accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such 
date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in 
administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder, 
(ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the 
Noteholder and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent and remain available 
for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Notes and/or Coupons, as the 
case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and that are held or have been cancelled as 
provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement 
Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised 
Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those 
Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate 
to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Notes, 
pursuant to its provisions. 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness of the Issuer represented 
by notes (obligations) or other securities (excluding titres de créance négociables or other 
commercial paper which have a stated maturity of less than 12 months) which are for the time 
being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, 
over-the-counter-market or other securities market. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) or any successor 
thereto (the “TARGET System”) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”);

--- Page 49 ---
49 
(ii) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre for currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s), a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) 
or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centre(s). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the 
“Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365 - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction 
whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation 
Period and whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, Actual /365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and 
whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the 
number of actual days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator 
is 366; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, 
the sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year,

--- Page 50 ---
50 
where:  
“Determination Date” means the date specified hereon or, if none is specified, the 
Interest Payment Date; and 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date 
in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date. 
 
(i) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iii) 
if “30/360” or “360/360 (Bond Basis)” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Calculation Period by 360 calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(iv) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating 
to Transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française, as the case may be (“FBF”) (together the 
“FBF Master Agreement”), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified 
in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the 
principal offices of five major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected 
by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer which is an independent investment bank, 
commercial bank or stockbroker (the “Reference Rate Agent”) or as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (e.g. 
EURIBOR or CMS Rate) subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(Benchmark 
discontinuation);  
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in 
respect of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the 
case of Materialised Notes if earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice 
is duly given to the holders of such Materialised Notes that, upon further presentation of the 
Materialised Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment 
will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation; 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such relevant Screen Page Time as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes:  
(i) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date 
will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount 
so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the 
particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
(ii) 
Interest on Resettable Notes 
Each Note which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Resettable 
Note (a "Resettable Note") will bear interest on its outstanding principal 
amount: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but 
excluding) the First Resettable Note Reset Date at the Initial Rate of 
Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date or, if no such 
Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Maturity Date, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
 
Interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms as being a Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date and on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Maturity Date. The first payment of interest will be made on the first 
Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) following the Interest Commencement Date. 
In these Conditions: 
"Alternative Mid-Swap Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate 
which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iv)(B) and which is customary in market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"First Resettable Note Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, provided, however, that if the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First 
Resettable Note Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback 
Provision for Resettable Notes) below, the rate of interest being determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Mid-Swap Rate plus the First Margin;

--- Page 54 ---
54 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international debt capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial rate of interest per annum specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period 
and commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) is in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at 
the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be 
positive or negative), or the formula or the methodology for calculating a 
spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and which is 
required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, as the case may be, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit, as the 
case may be, to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be, and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally recommended 
in relation to the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if 
no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Mid-Swap Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or 
the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be; or (if the Issuer 
determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged);

--- Page 55 ---
55 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate; 
"Mid-Swap Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
that it will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease 
publishing the Original Mid-Swap Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate, that the Original Mid-Swap Rate has been 
or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate as a consequence of which the Original Mid-
Swap Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in 
respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six months; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Mid-Swap Rate; 
 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means, subject as provided in 
Condition 5(b)(iv): 
(i) 
where the Specified Currency is a currency other than euro, such 
other reference rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and  
(ii) 
where the Specified Currency is euro, EURIBOR; 
 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and 
subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes) and 
Condition 5(b)(iv) below, either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or

--- Page 56 ---
56 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Original Mid-Swap Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate:  
− 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or 
 
− 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the 
second Business Day prior to the First Resettable Note Reset Date, in respect 
of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
Second Resettable Note Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Reset 
Period; 
"Resettable Note Reset Date" means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, 
the Second Resettable Note Reset Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note 
Reset Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; provided, however, that if 
the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
"Second Resettable Note Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; provided, however, that if the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the 
Second Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Resettable Note 
Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Resettable Note 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Resettable Note Reset Date; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent 
Reset Period and subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback Provision for 
Resettable Notes) below, the rate of interest being determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate plus the applicable Subsequent Margin; and 
"Successor Mid-Swap Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
(iii) 
Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available 
or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum 
of the arithmetic mean of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and 
the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b)(iii), the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall 
be determined to be the rate of interest as at the last preceding Resettable Note 
Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(iii), "Reference Banks" means the 
principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of 
four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely

--- Page 58 ---
58 
connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the 
advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
(iv) 
Substitute Mid-Swap Rate 
(A) Independent Adviser  
If a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Mid-Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iv)(B)) and, in either case, a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5(b)(iv)(C)) and any Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iv)(D)).  
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iv) shall 
act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an independent 
adviser with appropriate expertise in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
5(b)(iv).  
For the avoidance of doubt the Issuer’s consultation referred to above shall not 
give any discretionary power to the Issuer and the Independent Adviser will 
act alone in determining whether a substitute or successor rate for the purposes 
stated above is available. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 5(b)(iv)(A) prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date, then the 
Rate of Interest for such next Reset Period shall be determined by reference to 
the fallback provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback Provision for 
Resettable Notes).  
(B) Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate  
If the Independent Adviser, determines that:  
(i) 
there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(b)(iv)(C)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(b)(iv)); or  
(ii) 
there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Mid-Swap Rate, then such Alternative Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject 
to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(b)(iv)(C)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 5(b)(iv)).  
 
(C) Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread  
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative 
Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, then such 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be).  
(D)  Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iv) 
and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and/or Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the "Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments") and 
(ii) the terms of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iv)(D), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading.  
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest for Resettable Notes 
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under Condition 5(b)(iv) will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative of the Masse (as defined in Condition 11) (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
Otherwise, the Calculation Agent will give notice to the Noteholders of the 
First Reset Rate of Interest and (if applicable) the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
(except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Conditions 5(h) and 5(i). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent 
such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would 
have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination or ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon 
which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that

--- Page 61 ---
61 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions 
and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first day of that 
Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, 
“Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux Variable)” and “Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that 
“Euribor” means the rate calculated for deposits in euro which 
appears on Reuters page EURIBOR01, as more fully described in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (together the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, 
“Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated 
Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to

--- Page 62 ---
62 
be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, 
be either: 
(i) the offered quotation; or  
(ii) the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 
(i) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or 
(ii) if otherwise, the Relevant Screen Page Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations; 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-
paragraph (a)(i) applies and no such offered quotation 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph 
(a)(ii) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the 
time specified above, subject as provided below, the Issuer or 
the Reference Rate Agent shall request (i) if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of 
the Reference Banks, or (ii) if otherwise, each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Issuer or the Reference Rate 
Agent and the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate (i) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or (ii) if otherwise, at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Issuer or the Reference Rate Agent and the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Issuer or the Reference 
Rate Agent determines that fewer than two Reference Banks 
are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to 
(and at the request of) the Issuer or the Reference Rate Agent 
and the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two 
or more of them, at which such banks were offered (i) if the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) or (ii) if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if 
otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may 
be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Issuer or the Reference Rate Agent and the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic 
mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate (i) if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), or 
(ii) if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Issuer or the Reference 
Rate Agent and the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading 
banks in (i) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro 
zone inter-bank market, or (ii) if otherwise, the Relevant 
Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) 
(Benchmark 
discontinuation) 
below, 
be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula:  
CMS Rate + Margin

--- Page 64 ---
64 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date: (i) the Calculation Agent shall request each of the CMS 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; (ii) if at least three of the CMS 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest quotations and the lowest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest quotations) and (iii) if on any 
Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the 
CMS Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with 
such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the 
CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the 
Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance 
with the then prevailing standard market practice.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d): 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for 
swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference 
Currency is Euro, the principal office of five leading swap 
dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference 
Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five 
leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, 
(iii) where the Reference Currency is United States 
dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading 
swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or 
(iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the 
principal relevant Financial Centre office of five leading 
swap dealers in the relevant Financial Centre inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent.  
“Designated Maturity” and “Margin”, shall have the 
meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:  
(A) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-
market annual swap rate determined on the basis of 
the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit 
in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the then prevailing standard market practice or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions; and 
(B) where the Reference Currency is any other currency 
or if the Final Terms specify otherwise, the mid-
market swap rate as determined in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation  
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant FBF Rate (if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available for 
the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (D), “Applicable Maturity” 
means: (a) in relation to FBF Determination, the period of time 
specified in the relevant FBF Rate, (b) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, 
and (c) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(E) 
Benchmark discontinuation  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any 
Notes provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any component 
part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and shall 
prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(b)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) shall act in good faith as an independent adviser with 
appropriate expertise (in the absence of bad faith, manifest error 
or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any 
other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders for 
any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
I. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(d)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for 
all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)); or  
II. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to

--- Page 67 ---
67 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or 
a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business 
Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or, in 
either 
case, 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(e), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, promptly of any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(f) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the 
immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Advisor has been appointed or Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this 
provision, the fallback provision for the Original Reference Rate 
specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) namely the Rate of Interest 
determined on the preceding Interest Determination Date, will 
continue to apply to such determination (though substituting, 
where a different Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not 
obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions 
of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if 
applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere 
in these Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), will 
continue to apply in accordance with their terms. 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive 
or negative or zero) or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable) in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:  
− in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation

--- Page 69 ---
69 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
− in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); 
or 
− if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such spread, formula or methodology in customary market 
usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable 
manner, determines to be 
appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen 
rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) and which is customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
(b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or 
before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
(d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the 
date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i);

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six months; 
(f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method of 
calculation has significantly changed; 
(g) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent 
or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, if applicable); or 
(h) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration 
pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original 
Reference Rate has been adopted. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(a); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark 
or screen rate:  
− the central bank for the currency to which such benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such benchmark or screen rate; or 
− any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank 
for the currency to which such benchmark or screen rate 
relates (as applicable), (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such benchmark or screen rate, (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory

--- Page 71 ---
71 
authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark 
Event, two or more successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those successor 
or replacement rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter 
alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature 
of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Fixed / Floating Rate Notes: Fixed / Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate 
that will automatically change or that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the Final 
Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount due 
and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such 
Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of 
such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(g)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in 
the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as 
before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, 
or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall 
be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for 
the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the 
next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be, provided that in no event, will 
the Rate of Interest be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest of 0.00 per 
cent. Whether or not a Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in no event shall the rate of 
interest (including for the avoidance of doubt, as adjusted with any applicable 
margin) be less than zero.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall 
due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with 
halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such 
currency.  
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period 
shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an 
Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest 
Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of 
the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.  
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption 
Amounts, 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount, 
Optional 
Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent 
shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, 
obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, 
and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Final Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, 
the Paying Agent, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect 
of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information 
and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the applicable rules of such 
exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day 
after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is 
subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or 
amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or 
more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms 
and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or 
to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or 
investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with 
the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through 
its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to 
act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are listed on any 
stock exchange and the rules applicable to that stock exchange so require, notice of 
any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 14. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as 
provided below each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise 
provided, is at least its nominal amount) together with accrued interest (including 
Arrears of Interest). 
(b) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not more than thirty (30) nor less 
than fifteen (15) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 
to the Noteholders redeem the Notes (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), in whole but not in part, at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued thereon to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption, at any time as from the call option date (included) specified in the Final 
Terms (the “Call Option Date”), which shall be no earlier than three (3) months 
before the Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Clean-up Call Option: If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the event that at least 80% of the initial aggregate principal amount of a 
particular Series of Notes has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer 
may, at its option but subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than 
fifteen (15) calendar days ' irrevocable notice (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption, provided that the Notes in that Series that are no longer outstanding have 
not been redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6 (e) (Make-whole 
Redemption).

--- Page 74 ---
74 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If a Call Option 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not more than 
thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance 
with Condition 14 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any 
Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Notes 
to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as 
may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange 
requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption shall be 
effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series 
in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with 
any other applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any Regulated 
Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in 
each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be 
published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of 
any other competent authority and/or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State 
where the Notes are admitted to trading a notice specifying the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any 
Definitive Materialised Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(e) 
Make-Whole Redemption: If a Make-Whole Redemption is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen 
(15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from 
time to time, prior to the Relevant Redemption Date (the “Make-Whole Redemption 
Date”) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount.  
For the purposes of this Condition 6(e): 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed 
pursuant to this Condition 6(e) an amount, calculated by the Calculation Agent, equal 
to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount of the Notes so redeemed

--- Page 75 ---
75 
and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes until the Relevant Redemption Date (determined 
on the basis of the interest rate applicable to the Notes (not including any interest 
accrued on the Notes from and including the Issue Date or, as the case may be, the 
scheduled Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Make-Whole 
Redemption Date to, but excluding, such Make-Whole Redemption Date)), 
discounted from the Relevant Redemption Date, to the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption 
Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, 
any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest). 
"Principal Amount" means the Specified Denomination of the Notes, subject, as the 
case may be, to any adjustment as described in Condition 6(d) following any partial 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(d) and Condition 6(e). 
“Redemption Rate” means (i) the average of the four quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference 
Security on the fourth Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 
11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) (“Reference Dealer Quotation”), or (ii) 
the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective 
successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Security” means the security specified in the relevant Final Terms, it 
being specified that if the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar 
Security will be chosen by the Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (CET) on the third 
business day in London preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in 
writing by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
“Relevant Redemption Date” means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Call 
Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be 
used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes. 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not more than thirty (30) nor less than

--- Page 76 ---
76 
fifteen (15) calendar days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its 
specified office a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in 
the form obtained from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may 
be, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Notes shall have attached to 
it such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with 
any Paying Agent at its specified office. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be 
redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No 
option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may 
be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.  
(g) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, the Early Redemption Amount, upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at 
a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be 
such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to 
the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue 
price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(h) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the 
Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note 
shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in 
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have 
effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount 
becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of 
the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph 
shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity 
Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together 
with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(e).

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it 
shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes:  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 6(b), (c), (h) or (k), or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount. 
(h) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue 
Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or 
interest due in respect of the Notes, not be able to make such payment 
without having to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 8(b) 
below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note) subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than 
fifteen (15) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of 
principal and interest without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes be prevented by French law from making payment to the 
Noteholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8(b) below, 
then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and 
the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar days’ prior notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the 
latest practicable Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) 
on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such notice would expire 
after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such 
notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) at any time, (if this Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note), provided that the due date for redemption of 
which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect 
of the Notes or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided 
that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open 
market or otherwise at any price subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. All 
Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with French 
laws and regulations. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation must 
be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, by surrendering the Temporary Global Certificate and the 
Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons and 
all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to 
payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in 
the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where 
applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold 
and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official 
application of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become 
unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under 
the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less 
than fifteen (15) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer 
dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the 
account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by 
the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an 
effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised 
Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender 
of the relevant Materialised Notes (in the case of all payments of principal and, in the 
case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, 
save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a Bank.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, 
in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised 
Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as 
aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment 
or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States 
law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to 
the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 8 to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject and 
(ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the 
Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the 
Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) 
act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each such case, do not assume any obligation 
or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the 
Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a 
Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, 
(iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities 
(including Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, 
so long as the rules applicable to the relevant Regulated Market so require), (v) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and 
(vi) such other agents as may be required by the applicable rules of any other 
Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in 
respect of any Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances 
described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view 
to consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance

--- Page 80 ---
80 
with Condition 13, the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as 
both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes 
and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Materialised Notes which comprise 
Fixed Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes), they should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that 
the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant 
Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has 
become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, comprising a 
Floating Rate Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes 
is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any 
Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for 
payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment 
of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only 
be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant 
Definitive Materialised Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Note that 
only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of 
such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a 
Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of 
such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not 
a business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
(A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for 
business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) in 
such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant Final 
Terms and (C) (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro), where 
payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in 
the case of a payment in euro), which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation  
(a) 
Withholding Taxes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, 
interest or other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding 
or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts 
as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if 
applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with France other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date 
in the case of Materialised Notes: except to the extent that the Noteholder 
or, if applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on or before 
the thirtieth (30th) such day. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” means the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is

--- Page 82 ---
82 
made or, (if earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly 
given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon being 
made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that 
payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any 
premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement 
to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and 
(iii) “principal” and/or “interest” and/or “other revenues” shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition.  
9 
Events of Default 
Any Noteholder may, upon written notice to the Issuer, with copy to the Fiscal Agent, cause 
all the Notes (but not some only) held by such Noteholder to become immediately due and 
payable, whereupon the Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their Early 
Redemption Amount, plus accrued interest, without any other formality, if any of the 
following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur: 
(a) 
the Issuer is in default for more than fifteen (15) calendar days for the payment of 
principal of, or interest on, any Note (including the payment of any additional 
amounts in accordance with Condition 8), when the same shall become due and 
payable; or 
(b) 
the Issuer is in default in the performance of, or compliance with, any of its other 
obligations under the Notes and such default has not been cured within forty-five (45) 
calendar days after the receipt by the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of the written notice 
of such default; or 
(c) 
if any other present or future indebtedness for borrowed monies of the Issuer in excess 
of Euro 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) whether individually or 
in the aggregate shall become due and payable or capable of becoming due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default thereunder, or any such 
indebtedness shall not be paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable 
grace period (as originally agreed) therefore or any steps shall have been taken to 
enforce any security in respect of any such indebtedness or any guarantee or 
indemnity given by the Issuer for, or in respect of, any indebtedness of any person 
shall not be honoured when due and called upon; or 
(d) 
if a judgement is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a 
judicial transfer of the whole or part of the business (cession totale ou partielle de 
l’entreprise) of the Issuer or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, if the Issuer is 
subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or the Issuer makes any 
judicial conveyance, assignment, or other judicial arrangement for the benefit of its 
creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten 
(10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 
Representation of Noteholders  
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for 
the defence of their common interests in a masse (the “Masse”).  
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code 
de commerce subject to the following provisions: 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the “Representative”) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (a 
“Collective Decision”). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the 
common rights, actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative  
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all 
subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its 
functions or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration 
is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series.  
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, incompatibility, resignation or revocation 
of the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. The 
alternate representative shall have the same powers as the Representative. Another 
Representative may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses 
of the Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office 
of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of contrary of the Collective Decision) have 
the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common 
interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought 
by or against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(d) 
Collective Decision 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) 
or by unanimous consent following a written consultation (the “Written Unanimous 
Decision”) (as further described in Condition 11(f) below).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of 
each Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries 
in the books of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as 
the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second 
(2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 14. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(e) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) 
of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General 
Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders 
may commission one of them to petition the competent court in Paris to appoint an 
agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required.  The decisions 
of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by 
the Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published 
in accordance with Condition 11(k) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to 
the date of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar 
days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
by correspondence or by visioconference or by any other means of telecommunication 
allowing the participation of the Noteholders. Each Note carries the right to one vote. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a 
copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, 
which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any 
other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) 
calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the 
General Meeting on second convocation.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
(f) 
Written Unanimous Decisions  
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be 
taken by a Written Unanimous Decision. 
Such Written Unanimous Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of all the 
Noteholders of the relevant Series without having to comply with formalities and time 
limits referred to in Condition 11(e). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have 
the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such 
Written Unanimous Decision may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders 
and shall be published in accordance with Condition 11(k). 
(g) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce 
(respectively providing for a prior approval of the General Meeting of the Noteholders 
of any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or of an issue of bonds 
benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of the French 
Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. 
(h) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decision and, more 
generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decision, it 
being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable 
under the Notes. 
(i) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series 
which have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in 
accordance with Condition 13, shall, for the defence of their respective common 
interests, be grouped in a single Masse.  
(j) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, and unless 
a Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall 
exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provision of 
the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken 
by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to 
any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(k) 
Notice to the Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be 
given in accordance with Condition 14(e) below. 
(l) 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not 
include those Notes purchased by the Issuer in accordance with French laws and 
regulations that are held by it and not cancelled.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
12 
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as 
may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is 
given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, 
inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon 
is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there 
shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive 
Materialised Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated 
or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
13 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single 
Series with the Notes provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all 
respects (or identical in all respects save for the Issue Date, Issue Price, the first payment of 
interest and the aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche) and that the terms of such further 
notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, with the prior 
approval of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agents, from time to time on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, without 
the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with 
the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of 
the European national currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been 
redenominated in euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in 
respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes. 
14 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid 
if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed 
to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (x) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation 
in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (y) in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe or (z) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulation (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and, (b) so long as 
such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated 
Market so require, (x) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the 
Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located or (y) on the website 
of any other Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to 
trading.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published, (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, (a) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement 
Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and, (ii) so long as such Notes are admitted 
to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, (a) in a 
leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on 
which such Notes are admitted to trading is located or (b) on the website of any other 
Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or 
in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice 
to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the 
Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice 
required by Conditions 14(a) and (b) above; except that notices will be published (a) so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 
221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF, and (b) so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of such Regulated Market(s) 
so require, on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market of the EEA 
Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading, or (c) as otherwise provided in 
applicable laws, regulations or rules. 
(e) 
Notices relating to the convocation of the General Meetings and decision(s) of the Collective 
Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the 
French Code de commerce shall be (i) in the case of holders of Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur), given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream 
and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and (ii) 
in the case of holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at their 
respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing.( 
15 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons 
shall be brought before any competent court located within the jurisdiction of the registered 
office of the Issuer.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TIER 3 NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Tier 3 Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the 
terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text 
as completed by the relevant provisions of the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the 
full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and 
conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be 
endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have 
the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Tier 3 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by CNP Assurances (the “Issuer” or “CNP Assurances”). An agency agreement dated 10 
September 2021 has been entered into between the Issuer, Société Générale Securities Services as fiscal agent and 
the other agents named in it (the “Agency Agreement”). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination 
agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the 
“Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination and Currency 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in 
materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 
et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book- entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) 
will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear 
France SA (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit 
the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either 
administered registered form (nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an 
Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account 
maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final 
Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the “Registration Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders in accordance with 
French laws unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any authorised 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on behalf of 
its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream”).  
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form. Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with coupons (the “Coupons”) (and, where appropriate, a 
talon (the “Talon”)) attached.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law 
and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the 
“Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). Dematerialised Notes shall 
be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(a) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer 
of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent. 
(b) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Notes”), shall 
pass by delivery. 
(c) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its 
theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(d) 
In these Conditions, “Holder of Notes”, “Holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” 
means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the 
account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as 
the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons or Talon 
relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(d) 
Redenomination:  
(a) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment 
Date, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at 
least thirty (30) calendar days’ notice in accordance with Condition 14 and on or 
after the date on which the European Member State in whose national currency the 
Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State in the single 
currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time 
(the “Treaty”), or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects 
(in either case, “EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any 
Series into euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. 
The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in 
these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(b) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(a) shall be made by 
converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency 
into euro using the fixed relevant national currency euro conversion rate established 
by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the Treaty and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal 
amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency euro conversion rate 
shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The euro denominations of the Notes so 
determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. Any 
balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than 
euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest euro 0.01 
(with euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in 
euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the 
Issuer. 
(c) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the 
relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(d) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this 
Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 13, without the consent of the 
holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these 
Conditions or Condition 13 (including, without limitation, any change to any 
applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), 
taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt 
obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. 
Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on 
the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(e) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in 
relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of euro or any currency conversion 
or rounding effected in connection therewith.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
(e) 
Currency: Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may 
be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Sterling, Australian dollars and in 
any other currency specified in the relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s). 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré). 
(b) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may 
not be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur). 
(c) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the 
option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such 
Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such 
Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3 
Status of the Notes  
(a) 
Senior Subordinated Obligations 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are “Senior Subordinated Notes”, the status of the 
Notes will be and may change as follows: 
Condition 3(a)(i) below will apply in respect of the Notes from the Issue Date and for so long as any 
Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligation is outstanding. Upon the date of redemption or repurchase 
and cancellation of all of the Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligations (inclusive) (the Existing 
Ordinary Subordinated Obligation Redemption Event), Condition 3(a)(ii) will automatically 
replace and supersede paragraph (i) in respect of the Notes without the need for any action from the 
Issuer or consent from any Noteholder. 
(i) 
Prior to the Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligation Redemption Event: The 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes in respect of principal, interest and other 
amounts constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations and rank and shall at all times rank without any preference among 
themselves (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law). 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation amiable or liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings 
or any other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for

--- Page 92 ---
92 
any other reason, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Notes shall rank as 
follows: 
(i) equally and rateably with any other existing or future Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations,  
(ii) in priority to present and future Equity Securities, Undated Junior Subordinated 
Obligations, Dated Junior Subordinated Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, 
and titres participatifs issued by the Issuer, and  
(iii) behind subordinated Obligations expressed to rank senior to Ordinary 
Subordinated Obligations (including any Senior Subordinated Obligations) if any, 
and behind Unsubordinated Obligations. 
In the event of incomplete payment of creditors ranking senior to holders of the Notes 
(in the context of voluntary or judicial liquidation of the Issuer, bankruptcy 
proceedings or any other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer) the obligations of 
the Issuer in connection with the Notes and relative interest will be terminated. 
(ii) 
As from the Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligation Redemption Event 
(inclusive): The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes in respect of principal, 
interest and other amounts will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured Senior 
Subordinated Obligations and rank and shall at all times rank without any preference 
among themselves (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French 
law). 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation amiable or liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings 
or any other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for 
any other reason, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Notes shall rank as 
follows: 
(i) equally and rateably with any other existing or future Senior Subordinated 
Obligations,  
(ii) in priority to present and future Equity Securities, Undated Junior Subordinated 
Obligations, Dated Junior Subordinated Obligations, Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, and titres participatifs issued by the 
Issuer, and  
(iii) behind subordinated Obligations expressed to rank senior to Senior Subordinated 
Obligations if any, and behind Unsubordinated Obligations. 
In the event of incomplete payment of creditors ranking senior to holders of the Notes 
(in the context of voluntary or judicial liquidation of the Issuer, bankruptcy 
proceedings or any other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer) the obligations of 
the Issuer in connection with the Notes and relative interest will be terminated. 
“Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligation” means: 
(i) any note of any of the series listed below, provided that should any such series be amended in any 
way which would result in allowing the Issuer to issue subordinated obligations ranking senior to such 
series, then such series would, from the effective date of such amendment, be deemed to no longer 
constitute an Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligation:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
- €700,000,000 Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2041 (ISIN: FR0011033851) (first call 
date: 30 September 2021), 
- GBP300,000,000 Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2041 (ISIN: FR0011034065) (first 
call date: 30 September 2021),  
- €500,000,000 Fixed to Fixed Reset Rate Subordinated Notes due 2045 (ISIN: FR0011949403) (first 
call date: 5 June 2025), 
- €500,000,000 Undated Fixed to Fixed Reset Rate Subordinated Notes (ISIN: FR0012317758) (first 
call date: 18 November 2024), 
and 
(ii) any of the loans listed below, provided that should any such loans be amended in any way which 
would result in allowing the Issuer to issue subordinated obligations ranking senior to such loans, then 
such loans would, from the effective date of such amendment, be deemed to no longer constitute an 
Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligation: 
- €200,000,000 dated subordinated loan agreement dated 23 June 2003 (first call date: 24 June 2013), 
- €90,000,000 undated subordinated loan agreement dated 2 November 2004 (first call date: 15 
November 2016), 
- €93,000,000 undated subordinated loan agreement dated 2 November 2004 (first call date: 15 
November 2016). 
“Dated Junior Subordinated Obligations” means any Obligations (including any bonds or notes) 
which constitute direct, unsecured, dated and junior subordinated obligations of the Issuer and which 
rank and will at all times rank equally and rateably with any other existing or future Dated Junior 
Subordinated Obligations, in priority to present and future Equity Securities and Undated Junior 
Subordinated Obligations but behind prêts participatifs granted to, and titres participatifs issued, by 
the Issuer, Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, Senior Subordinated Obligations and Unsubordinated 
Obligations. 
“Equity Securities” means (a) the ordinary shares (actions ordinaires) of the Issuer and (b) any other 
class of the Issuer's share capital (including preference shares (actions de préférence)), as the case may 
be. 
“Obligations” means any payment obligation expressed to be assumed by or imposed on, the Issuer 
under or arising as a result of any contract, agreement, document, instrument or conduct or relationship 
or by operation of law (including any bonds or notes). 
“Ordinary Subordinated Obligations” means any Obligations (including any bonds or notes) which 
constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and which rank and will at all 
times rank (i) equally and rateably with any other existing or future Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations, (ii) in priority to present and future Equity Securities, Undated Junior Subordinated 
Obligations, Dated Junior Subordinated Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, and titres 
participatifs issued by the Issuer, and (iii) behind subordinated Obligations expressed to rank senior to 
Ordinary Subordinated Obligations (including any Senior Subordinated Obligations) if any, and behind 
Unsubordinated Obligations. 
“Senior Subordinated Obligations” means any Obligations (including any bonds or notes) which 
constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and which rank and will at all

--- Page 94 ---
94 
times rank (i) equally and rateably with any other existing or future Senior Subordinated Obligations, 
(ii) in priority to present and future Equity Securities, Undated Junior Subordinated Obligations, Dated 
Junior Subordinated Obligations, Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, 
and titres participatifs issued by the Issuer, and (iii) behind subordinated Obligations expressed to rank 
senior to Senior Subordinated Obligations if any, and behind Unsubordinated Obligations. 
“Undated Junior Subordinated Obligations” means any Obligations (including any bonds or notes) 
which constitute direct, unsecured, undated and junior subordinated obligations (titres subordonnés de 
dernier rang) of the Issuer, including bonds or notes which subordination provisions are governed by 
the provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce and which rank and will at all 
times rank equally and rateably with any other existing or future Undated Junior Subordinated 
Obligations, in priority to present and future Equity Securities but behind all existing and future Dated 
Junior Subordinated Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, and titres participatifs issued by the 
Issuer, and to Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, Senior Subordinated Obligations and 
Unsubordinated Obligations. 
“Unsubordinated Obligations” means any Obligations (including any bonds or notes) which 
constitute direct and unsubordinated Obligations of the Issuer and which rank and will at all times rank 
equally and rateably with any other existing or future Unsubordinated Obligations, but in priority to 
present and future Equity Securities, Undated Junior Subordinated Obligations, Dated Junior 
Subordinated Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer, 
Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, Senior Subordinated Obligations and subordinated Obligations 
expressed to rank senior to Senior Subordinated Obligations (if any). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Unsubordinated Obligations include but are not limited to the claims of the policyholders of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Payment on the Notes in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer 
If any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) or, following an order of judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire), the sale of the 
whole business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any reason, 
the rights of the Noteholders in respect of principal and interest due in respect of any issue of Notes 
(including any outstanding Arrears of Interest, as defined below) will be subordinated to the payments 
of claims of other creditors of the Issuer (other than subordinated claims ranking junior to the Notes) 
including insurance companies and entities referred to in Article R.322-132 of the French Code des 
assurances reinsured by the Issuer, holders of insurance policies issued by such entities and creditors 
with respect to Unsubordinated Obligations but paid in priority to payments to holders of Equity 
Securities, Undated Junior Subordinated Obligations, Dated Junior Subordinated Obligations, (as from 
the Existing Ordinary Subordinated Obligation Redemption Event) Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, and titres participatifs issued by the Issuer or any other 
obligation expressed to rank junior to the Notes. 
In the event of incomplete payment of creditors ranking senior to holders of the Notes (in the context 
of voluntary or judicial liquidation of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar 
proceedings affecting the Issuer) the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Notes and related 
interest will be terminated. 
Pursuant to article L.327-2 of the French Code des assurances, a lien (privilège) over the movable 
assets of the Issuer is granted for the benefit of the Issuer’s policyholders.  Noteholders, even if they 
are policyholders of the Issuer, do not have the benefit of such lien in relation to amounts due under 
any issue of Notes.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
(c) 
Waiver of Set-Off  
No holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights 
against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly 
or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and 
liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether 
or not relating to such Note, Coupon or Talon) and each such holder shall be deemed to have waived 
all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual 
and potential rights, claims and liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 3(c) is intended to provide, or shall be construed 
as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or 
that any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon but for this 
Condition 3(c). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(c), "Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all rights of or claims 
of any holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note, Coupon or Talon. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
There will be no negative pledge in respect of any issue of Notes.  
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) or any successor thereto (the 
“TARGET System”) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”);  
(ii) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s), a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is 
indicated, generally in each of the Business Centre(s). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the 
“Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365 - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and 
whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual 
/365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and

--- Page 96 ---
96 
(ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed during the leap 
year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum 
of: 
(I) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(II) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where:  
“Determination Date” means the date specified hereon or, if none is 
specified, the Interest Payment Date; and   
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination 
Date.  
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360” or “360/360 (Bond Basis)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where:

--- Page 97 ---
97 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty;  
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating 
to Transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française, as the case may be (“FBF”) (together the 
“FBF Master Agreement”), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date;

--- Page 98 ---
98 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified 
in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date; 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate  Derivative Definitions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the 
principal offices of five major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected 
by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer which is an independent investment bank, 
commercial bank or stockbroker (the “Reference Rate Agent”) or as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (e.g. 
EURIBOR or CMS Rate) subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark 
discontinuation);  
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in 
respect of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the

--- Page 99 ---
99 
case of Materialised Notes if earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice 
is duly given to the holders of such Materialised Notes that, upon further presentation of the 
Materialised Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment 
will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation; 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such relevant Screen Page Time as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes:  
(i) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in 
the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Interest on Resettable Notes 
Each Note which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Resettable Note (a 
"Resettable Note") will bear interest on its outstanding principal amount: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but 
excluding) the First Resettable Note Reset Date at the Initial Rate of 
Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date or, if no such Second 
Resettable Note Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Final Maturity Date, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being a Resettable Note Interest Payment 
Date and on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Final Maturity 
Date. The first payment of interest will be made on the first Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the Interest 
Commencement Date.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
In these Conditions: 
"Alternative Mid-Swap Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate 
which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iv)(B) and which is customary in market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Benchmark Gilt" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the Benchmark Gilt 
specified hereon or, if no Benchmark Gilt is specified hereon or if the relevant 
Benchmark Gilt is no longer outstanding at the relevant time, such United 
Kingdom government security having a maturity date on or about the last day of 
such Reset Period as the Issuer, with the advice of the Reference Banks and after 
consultation with the Calculation Agent, may determine to be appropriate; 
"Benchmark Gilt Rate" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the gross redemption 
yield (as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with generally 
accepted market practice at such time) on a semi-annual compounding basis 
(converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal 
places) of the Benchmark Gilt in respect of that Reset Period, with the price of the 
Benchmark Gilt for this purpose being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if 
necessary) to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) 
of the bid and offered prices of such Benchmark Gilt quoted by the Reference 
Banks at 3.00 p.m. (London time) on the relevant Reset Determination Date on a 
dealing basis for settlement on the next following dealing day in London. If only 
two or three quotations are provided, the price of the Benchmark Gilt will be the 
rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is 
provided, the price of the Benchmark Gilt will be the rounded quotation provided. 
If no quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion following consultation with the Issuer; 
"Bloomberg Screen" means the relevant page on the Bloomberg L.P. service or 
any successor service or such other page as may replace that page on that service 
for the purpose of displaying “Treasury constant maturities (Nominal)” as reported 
in the H.15; 
"CMT Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Rate Determination 
Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(i) 
the yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for a 
designated maturity equal to the U.S. Treasury Original Maturity, as 
published in the H.15 under the caption “Treasury constant maturities 
(Nominal)”, as that yield is displayed, for the particular Reset Rate 
Determination Date, on the Bloomberg Screen; or 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in (i) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on the Bloomberg Screen on such Reset Rate 
Determination Date, the yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at “constant 
maturity” for a designated maturity equal to the U.S. Treasury Original

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Maturity as published in the H.15 under the caption “Treasury constant 
maturities (Nominal)” for such Reset Rate Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if the yield referred to in (ii) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New 
York City time) on such Reset Rate Determination Date, the Reset 
Reference Dealer Rate on such Reset Rate Determination Date; or 
(iv) 
if fewer than three Reference Dealers selected by the Calculation Agent 
provide bid prices for the purposes of determining the Reset Reference 
Dealer Rate referred to in (iii) above as described in the definition of Reset 
Reference Dealer Rate, the CMT Rate applicable to the last preceding 
Reset Period; 
"Conditions to Redemption and Purchase" has the meaning ascribed to it in 
Condition 6(i); 
"Final Maturity Date" means: 
(i) 
if on the Scheduled Maturity Date the Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase are fulfilled, the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
otherwise, the first Interest Payment Date following the Scheduled 
Maturity Date on which the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase are 
fulfilled; 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Resettable Note Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided, however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Resettable 
Note Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date or, if 
no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Final Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback 
Provision for Resettable Notes) below, the rate of interest being determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the 
relevant Reset Rate plus the First Margin; 
"H.15" means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor 
publication, published by the Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve 
System at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15/ or any successor site or 
publication;

--- Page 102 ---
102 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense;  
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial rate of interest per annum specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency 
with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant 
Reset Period (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a 
term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Resettable 
Note Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to 
the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may 
be, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with 
the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may 
be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally recommended in 
relation to the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor 
Mid-Swap Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Mid-Swap Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, as the case may be; or (if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate; 
"Mid-Swap Benchmark Event" means:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
(i) 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate that it 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication 
of the Original Mid-Swap Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Mid-
Swap Rate, that the Original Mid-Swap Rate has been or will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Mid-
Swap Rate as a consequence of which the Original Mid-Swap Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each 
case within the following six months; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means, subject as provided in 
Condition 5(b)(iv): 
(i) 
where the Specified Currency is a currency other than euro, such other 
reference rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
where the Specified Currency is euro, EURIBOR; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes) and Condition 5(b)(iv) 
below, either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency:

--- Page 104 ---
104 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Original Mid-Swap Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" means, for any Reset Period, the Reference Bond specified 
hereon or, if no Reference Bond is specified hereon or if the relevant Reference 
Bond is no longer outstanding at the relevant time, such government security or 
securities issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified 
Currency selected by the Issuer after consultation with the Calculation Agent as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity date comparable with the last day of the 
relevant Reset Period and that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate 
debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity 
to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Reference Bond Dealer" means each of four banks (selected by the Issuer after 
consultation with the Calculation Agent), or their affiliates, which are primary 
government securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issuances 
denominated in the Specified Currency; 
"Reference Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Bond 
Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) as at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date and quoted in writing to the Calculation 
Agent by such Reference Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to a Reset Determination Date, (a) the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Bond Dealer Quotations for that Reset 
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic mean of all such quotations or 
(c) if the Calculation Agent obtains only one Reference Bond Dealer Quotation, the 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotation obtained or (d) if the Calculation Agent obtains 
no Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall 
be that which was determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in 
the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall 
be the Initial Rate of Interest, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the annual yield to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate:  
− 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or 
− 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such 
reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the First Resettable Note Reset Date, in respect of the first 
Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second Resettable 
Note Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Reset Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Rate" means:  
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified hereon, the relevant Mid-Swap Rate 
displayed on the Reset Rate Screen Page on or around 11.00 am in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date for such Reset Period; 
(ii) 
if Benchmark Gilt Rate is specified hereon, the relevant Benchmark Gilt 
Rate;  
(iii) 
if Reference Bond is specified hereon, the relevant Reference Bond Rate; 
or 
(iv) 
if CMT Rate is specified hereon, the prevailing CMT Rate on the Reset Rate 
Determination Date; 
"Reset Rate Determination Date" means, in respect of each Reset Period, the day 
falling five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant Reset 
Date; 
"Reset Rate Screen Page" has the meaning specified hereon; 
"Reset Reference Dealer Rate" means, on any Reset Rate Determination Date, the 
rate calculated by the Calculation Agent as being a yield-to-maturity based on the 
arithmetic mean of the secondary market bid prices for Reset U.S. Treasury 
Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such Reset Rate 
Determination Date, of leading primary U.S. government securities dealers in New

--- Page 106 ---
106 
York City (each, a "Reference Dealer"). The Calculation Agent will select five 
Reference Dealers to provide such bid prices and will eliminate the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest); provided, however, that, if fewer 
than five but more than two such bid prices are provided, then neither the highest 
nor the lowest of those quotations will be eliminated prior to calculating the 
arithmetic mean of such bid prices; 
"Reset U.S. Treasury Securities" means, on any Reset Rate Determination Date, 
U.S. Treasury Securities with an U.S. Treasury Original Maturity as specified 
hereon, a remaining term to maturity of no more than one (1) year shorter than U.S. 
Treasury Original Maturity and in a principal amount equal to an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in such U.S. Treasury Securities in the New 
York City market. If two (2) U.S. Treasury Securities have remaining terms to 
maturity equally close to U.S. Treasury Original Maturity, the U.S. Treasury 
Security with the shorter remaining term to maturity will be used; 
"Resettable Note Reset Date" means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the 
Second Resettable Note Reset Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note Reset 
Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; provided, however, that if the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms 
and if specified hereon will be at least five years from the Issue Date of the relevant 
Notes, or, if applicable and to the extent so required by applicable laws and 
regulations, the Issue Date of the last tranche of any further Notes issued by the 
Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 (whichever is the later); 
"Second Resettable Note Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; provided, however, that if the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second 
Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Resettable Note Reset Date, 
and each successive period from (and including) a Resettable Note Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next succeeding Resettable Note Reset Date;  
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset 
Period and subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes) 
below, the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable 
Subsequent Margin;

--- Page 107 ---
107 
"Successor Mid-Swap Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; 
"U.S. Treasury Original Maturity" means the maturity specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"U.S. Treasury Securities" means securities that are direct obligations of the 
United States Treasury, issued other than on a discount rate basis. 
 
(iii) 
Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 
11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset 
Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b)(iii), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the rate 
of interest as at the last preceding Resettable Note Reset Date or, in the case of the 
first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate 
of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(iii), "Reference Banks" means the principal 
office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks 
in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank 
of international repute. 
(iv) 
Substitute Mid-Swap Rate 
(A) Independent Adviser 
If a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to such Original Mid-Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iv)(B)) and, in either case, a Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iv)(C)) and any Mid-
Swap Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iv)(D)).

--- Page 108 ---
108 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iv) shall act in 
good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an independent adviser with 
appropriate expertise and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith 
or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, or the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made 
by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iv).  
For the avoidance of doubt the Issuer’s consultation referred to above shall not give 
any discretionary power to the Issuer and the Independent Adviser will act alone in 
determining whether a substitute or successor rate for the purposes stated above is 
available. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iv)(A) 
prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date or (iii) the Issuer determines that the 
replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate, 
failing which, an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and, in either case, a Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread if any and any Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments would 
prejudice the qualification of the Notes as Tier 3 Capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Group, then the Rate of Interest for such next Reset Period shall be determined by 
reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback Provision for 
Resettable Notes).  
(B) Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate  
If the Independent Adviser, determines that:  
(i) there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor Mid-Swap Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(b)(iv)(C)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(b)(iv)); or  
(ii) there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but that there is an Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate, then such Alternative Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5(b)(iv)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 5(b)(iv)).  
 
(C) Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread  
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, then such Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate (as the case may be).

--- Page 109 ---
109 
(D)  Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iv) and the 
Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Mid-Swap Rate, 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and/or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the "Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance 
with this Condition 5(b)(iv)(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.  
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest for Resettable Notes 
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, 
determined under Condition 5(b)(iv) will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after 
receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative of the Masse (as defined in 
Condition 11) (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Otherwise, the Calculation Agent will give notice to the Noteholders of the First Reset 
Rate of Interest and (if applicable) the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 14. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear (except as otherwise 
provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Conditions 5(h) and 5(i). 
Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant 
Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
provisions below relating to either FBF Determination or ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest 
Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, 
“Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable)” and “Transaction” have the meanings 
given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that “Euribor” means 
the rate calculated for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters page 
EURIBOR01, as more fully described in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual

--- Page 111 ---
111 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version 
of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (together the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” 
and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or  
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at either (i) in the 
case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or (ii) if otherwise, 
the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there 
is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations; 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 
(a)(i) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer 
than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Issuer or the Reference Rate Agent shall

--- Page 112 ---
112 
request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, or if otherwise, each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Issuer or the Reference Rate Agent and the Calculation Agent with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Reference Rate (i) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or (ii) if otherwise, at 
the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Issuer or the Reference Rate Agent and the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Issuer or the Reference Rate 
Agent determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are 
providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Issuer or the Reference Rate Agent and the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered (i) if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or (ii) 
if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in (i) if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or (ii) if otherwise, 
the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or the 
Reference Rate Agent and the Calculation Agent with such offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate (i) if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), or (ii) if 
otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Issuer or the Reference Rate Agent and the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in (i) if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone inter-bank market, or 
(ii) if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may 
be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that

--- Page 113 ---
113 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period)). 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes is specified as being CMS Rate or the combination based on 
CMS Rate as set out in one of the formulae below, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below or (if applicable) in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark 
discontinuation) below, be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula:  
CMS Rate + Margin 
or for CMS Rate combination formula, one of the following 
formulae: 
m × CMS Rate[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] +  n × CMS Rate[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦]; or 
m × CMS Rate[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] −n × CMS Rate[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦]; or 
m × CMS Rate[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] × n × CMS Rate[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦]. 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date: (i) the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate at approximately the Relevant Screen Page Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; (ii) if at least three of the 
CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest quotations) and (iii) if on any Interest Determination Date 
less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on such commercial basis as considered 
appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in 
accordance with the then prevailing standard market practice.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d): 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap 
transactions in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the 
Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on

--- Page 114 ---
114 
the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Screen Page Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference 
Currency is Euro, the principal office of five leading swap dealers 
in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is 
Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap dealers 
in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Specified 
Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City 
office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank 
market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the 
principal relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap 
dealers in the relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each 
case selected by the Calculation Agent.  
“Designated Maturity” and “Margin”, shall have the meaning 
given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
“m” and “n” means the number specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:  
(A) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market 
annual swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic 
mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating 
euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the then prevailing standard market practice or 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions; and 
(B) where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the 
Final Terms specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as  
determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation  
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant FBF 
Rate (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall 
be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (D), “Applicable Maturity” 
means: (a) in relation to FBF Determination, the period of time specified 
in the relevant FBF Rate, (b) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (c) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(E) 
Benchmark discontinuation  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any 
time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any 
remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply and shall prevail over other fallbacks specified in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(b)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) shall act in good faith as an independent adviser with 
appropriate expertise and (in the absence of bad faith, manifest 
error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer,

--- Page 116 ---
116 
the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or 
any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders for 
any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
I. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(d)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for 
all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)); or  
II. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or 
a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business 
Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or, in 
either 
case, 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such

--- Page 117 ---
117 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(e), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, promptly of any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(f) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the 
immediately following Interest Determination Date, (i) the Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this provision or (iii) the Issuer determines that 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate, failing which, an Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread if any and any Benchmark 
Amendments would prejudice the qualification of the Notes as 
Tier 3 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, the fallback 
provision for the Original Reference Rate specified in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C) namely the Rate of Interest determined on the 
preceding Interest Determination Date, will continue to apply to 
such determination (though substituting, where a different 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not 
obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions

--- Page 118 ---
118 
of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if 
applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (and, until such determination 
and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the other fallbacks specified in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C), will continue to apply in accordance with their terms. 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive 
or negative or zero) or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable) in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:  
− in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
− in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); 
or 
− if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such spread, formula or methodology in customary market 
usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable 
manner, determines to be 
appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen 
rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) and which is customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part

--- Page 119 ---
119 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
(b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or 
before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
(d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the 
date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i);  
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six months; 
(f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method of 
calculation has significantly changed; 
(g) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent 
or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, if applicable); or 
(h) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration 
pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) of any benchmark

--- Page 120 ---
120 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original 
Reference Rate has been adopted. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(a); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark 
or screen rate:  
− the central bank for the currency to which such benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such benchmark or screen rate; or 
− any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank 
for the currency to which such benchmark or screen rate 
relates (as applicable), (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such benchmark or screen rate, (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark 
Event, two or more successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those successor 
or replacement rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter 
alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature 
of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Fixed / Floating Rate Notes: Fixed / Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically change or that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest 
Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by

--- Page 121 ---
121 
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be, provided that in no event, will the Rate of Interest be 
less than the Minimum Rate of Interest of 0.00 per cent. Whether or not a Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
in no event shall the rate of interest (including for the avoidance of doubt, as adjusted 
with any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded 
up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded 
to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case 
of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” 
means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country(ies) of such currency.  
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal 
amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in 
respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note 
for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or 
more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period 
shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual 
Periods.  
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or 
amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount to be 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the applicable 
rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined 
prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long 
as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one 
Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective 
duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or 
if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint 
a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with 
the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in 
its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange and the rules 
applicable to that stock exchange so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall 
be given in accordance with Condition 14. 
(i) 
Interest Deferral: 
On each Interest Payment Date, the Issuer shall pay interest on the Notes accrued to that date 
ending immediately prior to such Interest Payment Date, subject to the provisions of the 
following paragraphs.   
(i) 
Mandatory Interest Deferral Dates 
On any Mandatory Interest Deferral Date (as defined below), the Issuer will (subject 
as provided below) be obliged, by notice to the Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (iii) below, to defer payment of all (but not some only) of 
the interest accrued to that date, and such non-payment resulting from such deferral 
shall not constitute a default by the Issuer for any purpose. 
Any interest not paid on a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date and deferred in 
accordance with this paragraph (i) shall so long as the same remains outstanding 
constitute “Arrears of Interest” and shall be payable as outlined below.  
(ii) 
Arrears of Interest 
Arrears of Interest may, subject to the fulfilment of the Conditions to Settlement (as 
defined below), at the option of the Issuer, be paid in whole or in part at any time 
but all Arrears of Interest in respect of all Notes for the time being outstanding shall 
become due in full on whichever is the earliest of: 
(A) 
the next Interest Payment Date which is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral 
Date; or 
(B) 
the date of any redemption of the Notes in accordance with the provisions 
relating to redemption of the Notes; or

--- Page 123 ---
123 
(C) 
the date upon which a judgment is made by a competent court for the 
judicial liquidation of the Issuer (liquidation judiciaire) or for the sale of 
the whole of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) following an 
order of judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) in respect of the 
Issuer or in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer for any other reason. 
(iii) 
Notice of Deferral and Payment of Arrears of Interest 
The Issuer shall give not less than five (5) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
prior notice to (x) the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 and (y) the 
Fiscal Agent: 
(A) 
of any Mandatory Interest Deferral Date and specifying that interest will 
not be paid due to a Regulatory Deficiency Interest Deferral Event, either 
continuing or being caused by such interest payment, on the next Interest 
Payment Date, provided that if the Regulatory Deficiency Interest 
Deferral Event occurs less than five (5) Business Days before such 
Interest Payment Date, the Issuer shall give notice of the interest deferral 
as soon as practicable under the circumstances before such Mandatory 
Interest Deferral Date; and 
(B) 
of any date upon which amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest shall 
become due and payable. 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, and 
the rules of such Regulated Market so require, notice of any such deferral shall also 
be given as soon as reasonably practicable to such Regulated Market.  
(iv) 
Partial Payment of Arrears of Interest  
If amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest are paid in part and not in whole: 
(A) 
Arrears of Interest accrued for any period shall not be payable until full 
payment has been made of all Arrears of Interest that have accrued during 
any earlier period; and 
(B) 
the amount of Arrears of Interest payable in respect of any Note in respect 
of any period, shall be calculated pro rata to the total amount of all unpaid 
Arrears of Interest accrued in respect of that period to the date of 
payment. 
(v) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Applicable Supervisory Regulations” means the Solvency II Directive as 
implemented in France, the Solvency II Regulation and the capital requirements or 
any other regulatory capital rules (including the guidelines and recommendations of 
the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (or any successor 
authority), the official application or interpretation of the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority and any applicable decision of any court or tribunal) from time to time in 
effect in France (or if the Issuer becomes domiciled in a jurisdiction other than 
France, such other jurisdiction) and applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group 
(including for the purpose of any capital requirements of internationally active 
insurance groups), which would lay down the requirements to be fulfilled by

--- Page 124 ---
124 
financial instruments for inclusion as own funds regulatory capital of at least Tier 3 
Capital (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept) 
that the Notes would be expected to fall under on or about the Issue Date, as opposed 
to own funds regulatory capital of any other tier (or, if different, whatever 
terminology is employed to denote such concept), for single solvency and group 
solvency purposes of the Issuer;  
“Conditions to Settlement” are satisfied on any day with respect to any payment 
of Arrears of Interest, if any, if such day would not be a Mandatory Interest Deferral 
Date if such day was an Interest Payment Date.  
“Group” means the Issuer and its fully consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole 
from time to time;  
“Mandatory Interest Deferral Date” means each Interest Payment Date in respect 
of which the Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent have been notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (iii) above that (i) a Regulatory Deficiency Interest 
Deferral Event has occurred and such Regulatory Deficiency Interest Deferral Event 
is continuing on such Interest Payment Date or (ii) the payment of such interest 
would of itself cause a Regulatory Deficiency Interest Deferral Event. 
“Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority” means the prior written 
approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority, if such approval is required at the 
time under any Applicable Supervisory Regulations and provided that such approval 
has not been withdrawn by the date set for redemption, purchase or payment, as the 
case may be; 
“Regulatory Deficiency Interest Deferral Event” means any event which causes 
the Issuer and/or the Group’s minimum capital requirement (MCR) (or whatever the 
terminology employed by the Applicable Supervisory Regulations) to be breached 
and such breach is an event which under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations 
requires the Issuer to defer payment of interest (or, if applicable, Arrears of Interest) 
in respect of the Notes (on the basis that the Notes qualify (or are intended to qualify) 
as Tier 3 Capital (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such 
concept by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations) under the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations);  
“Relevant Supervisory Authority” means any relevant regulator having 
jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the Group, in the event that the Issuer and/or the 
Group is required to comply with certain applicable capital requirements. The 
current Relevant Supervisory Authority is the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de 
Résolution (the “ACPR”);  
“Solvency II Directive” means Directive 2009/138/EC of November 25, 2009 on 
the taking-up and pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance (Solvency 
II), as amended from time to time, the further legislative acts of the European Union 
enacted in relation thereto and the French legislation implementing the same;  
“Solvency II Regulation” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 
of 10 October 2014, as amended from time to time; and 
“Tier 3 Capital” has the meaning given to it for the purposes of the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations from time to time (including, without limitation, by virtue

--- Page 125 ---
125 
of the operation of any grandfathering provisions under any Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations). 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each such Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest 
(including Arrears of Interest) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Final Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Optional Redemption from the First Call Date  
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, and if a First Call Period is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to the Prior Approval of the 
Relevant Supervisory Authority, subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than 
fifteen (15) calendar days’ prior notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem the Notes in whole but not in 
part, at their Early Redemption Amount (specified in the relevant Final Terms) in the relevant 
Specified Currency, on the First Call Date (specified in the relevant Final Terms) or on any 
Interest Payment Date falling thereafter.  
If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if a First Call Period is specified as "Applicable" 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to the Prior Approval of the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority, subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen 
(15) calendar days’ prior notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, 
at their Early Redemption Amount (specified in the relevant Final Terms) in the relevant 
Specified Currency, on the First Call Date (specified in the relevant Final Terms) and on any 
date thereafter up to and including the last day of the First Call Period (specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) or on any Interest Payment Date falling thereafter. 
The First Call Date specified in the relevant Final Terms may not occur prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date of the Notes, or, if applicable, the Issue Date of the last tranche 
of any further Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 (whichever is the later), to 
the extent so required by the Applicable Supervisory Regulations. 
(c) 
Optional Redemption for Regulatory Reasons  
If Optional Redemption for Regulatory Reasons is specified in the relevant Final Terms, upon 
the occurrence of a Regulatory Event (as defined below) with respect to any Notes on or after 
the Issue Date, subject to Condition 6(i), such Notes will be redeemable in whole, but not in 
part, at any time, at the option of the Issuer having given not more than thirty (30) nor less 
than fifteen (15) calendar days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest 
(including Arrears of Interest) up to but excluding the date of redemption. 
(d) 
Optional Redemption for Rating Reasons 
If Optional Redemption for Rating Reasons is specified in the relevant Final Terms, if at any 
time the Issuer determines that a Rating Methodology Event (as defined below) has occurred 
with respect to the Notes on or after the Issue Date, subject to Condition 6(i), such Notes will

--- Page 126 ---
126 
be redeemable in whole, but not in part, at any time, at the option of the Issuer having given 
not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days' notice to the Fiscal Agent 
and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest (including Arrears of Interest) up to but excluding the date of 
redemption. 
(e) 
Clean-up Call Option 
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 
80% of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been 
purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may at any time, subject to Condition 6(i), at 
its option but subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) 
calendar days' irrevocable notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14, redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption.  
(f) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
Redemption for gross-up or withholding tax reasons:  
(A) 
Gross-Up Event: If, by reason of any change in French law or any change in 
the official application or interpretation of such law becoming effective after 
the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of 
principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, not be able to make such 
payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 8(b) below, the Issuer may, subject to the Prior Approval of the 
Relevant Supervisory Authority and Condition 6(i), on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note is not 
a Floating Rate Note) subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor 
less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date for 
redemption shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the 
Issuer could make payment of principal or interest without withholding or 
deduction for French taxes. 
(B) 
Withholding Tax Event: If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes be prevented by French law from making 
payment to the Noteholders of the full amounts then due and payable, 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in 
Condition 8(b) below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact 
to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may, subject to the Prior Approval of the 
Relevant Supervisory Authority and Condition 6(i) and upon giving not less 
than seven (7) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) on which the Issuer could 
make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes,

--- Page 127 ---
127 
provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the 
date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later 
of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of 
the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen 
(14) calendar days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) 
at any time, (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), provided that the due 
date for redemption shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer 
could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes or, if 
that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(ii) 
Redemption for tax-deductibility reasons:  
Tax Deductibility Event: Subject to the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority and Condition 6(i), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption, at any time on giving not less than fifteen (15) 
and nor more than thirty (30) days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 14, the Noteholders, if on the date of the next payment due under the Notes, 
the part of the interest payable by the Issuer under the Notes that is tax-deductible is 
reduced as a result of (a) any change in, or amendment to, the laws (other than a change 
in law which is proposed but not enacted on the Issue Date) or regulations of France 
or any political subdivision of, or any authority in, or of, France having power to tax, 
or (b) any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, and such change or amendment only occurs or became effective on or after 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes provided 
that the due date for redemption shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date 
preceding the effective date on which the part of the interest payable under the Notes 
that is tax-deductible is reduced. Prior to the giving of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (i) a certificate 
signed by a director of the Issuer stating that the part of the interest payable under the 
Notes that is tax-deductible is reduced as aforesaid and that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to such effect. 
(g) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times, subject to Condition 6(i), to purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open 
market or otherwise at any price subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. All Notes 
so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with French laws and 
regulations. 
(h) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation must be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by 
surrendering the Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Notes in 
question together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent 
and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by 
the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights 
relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, 
in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached

--- Page 128 ---
128 
thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or 
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(i) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase 
Any redemption or purchase of the Notes shall be subject to the following conditions: (i) the 
Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority having been obtained, (ii) no 
Regulatory Deficiency Redemption Deferral Event having occurred and be continuing on the 
date due for redemption or purchase and such redemption or purchase would not of itself cause 
a Regulatory Deficiency Redemption Deferral Event and (iii) to the extent required under the 
then Applicable Supervisory Regulations in order for the Notes to be treated as own funds 
regulatory capital of at least Tier 3 Capital (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed 
to denote such concept by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations) for the purposes of 
the determination of the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s regulatory capital, no Insolvent Insurance 
Affiliate Winding-up having occurred and be continuing on the date due for redemption or 
purchase. 
Should a Regulatory Deficiency Redemption Deferral Event or an Insolvent Insurance 
Affiliate Winding-up occur after a notice for redemption has been given to the Noteholders, 
such redemption notice shall become automatically void and notice of such fact shall be given 
promptly by the Issuer, in accordance with Condition 14. 
Notwithstanding that a Regulatory Deficiency Redemption Deferral Event may have occurred 
and be continuing on the date due for redemption or purchase, or if such redemption or 
purchase would of itself cause a Regulatory Deficiency Redemption Deferral Event, the Notes 
may still be redeemed or purchased, where there is non-compliance with the solvency capital 
requirement (SCR) of the Issuer and/or the Group, on such date to the extent permitted under, 
and in accordance with, the Solvency II Directive and the Applicable Supervisory Regulations 
and provided that, all of the following conditions are met: 
(A) 
on or prior to such date, the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority 
has been exceptionally given with respect to the relevant redemption or purchase 
of the Notes; 
(B) 
the relevant redeemed or purchased Notes are replaced by other own funds 
regulatory capital of at least the same quality; and 
(C) 
the applicable minimum capital requirement (MCR) (or, if different, whatever 
terminology is employed to denote such requirement by the then Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations) is complied with after the relevant redemption or 
purchase of the Notes has been made. 
Notwithstanding that an Insolvent Insurance Affiliate Winding-up may have occurred and be 
continuing on the date due for redemption or purchase, the Notes may still be redeemed or 
purchased on such date to the extent permitted under, and in accordance with, the Solvency II 
Directive and the Applicable Supervisory Regulations and provided that, on or prior to such 
date, the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority has been exceptionally given 
with respect to the relevant redemption or purchase of the Notes. 
The Notes may not be redeemed or purchased pursuant to Conditions 6(d), (e) and (g) above 
prior to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, or, if applicable and to the extent so required 
by applicable laws and regulations, the Issue Date of the last tranche of any further Notes

--- Page 129 ---
129 
issued by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 (whichever is the later), in each case unless (but 
only if and to the extent so required or as otherwise provided by the Solvency II Directive and 
the Applicable Supervisory Regulations at the time of such redemption or purchase) the 
relevant redeemed or purchased Notes are replaced by other own funds regulatory capital of 
at least the same quality. 
The Notes may not be redeemed pursuant to Condition 6(c) prior to the fifth anniversary of 
their Issue Date, or, if applicable and to the extent so required by applicable laws and 
regulations, the Issue Date of the last tranche of any further Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant 
to Condition 13 (whichever is the later), unless (i) (x) the Relevant Supervisory Authority has 
confirmed to the Issuer that it is satisfied that the Solvency Capital Requirement is exceeded 
by an appropriate margin (taking into account the position of the Issuer including the Issuer’s 
medium-term capital plan) and (y) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority that the Regulatory Event was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue 
Date and (z) the Relevant Supervisory Authority considers such change in the regulatory 
classification of the Notes to be sufficiently certain or (ii) the redemption or purchase has been 
funded out of the proceeds of a new issuance of own-funds capital of the same or higher 
quality as the Notes, in each case, if required pursuant to Solvency II Directive and Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations. 
The Notes may not be redeemed pursuant to Condition 6(f) prior to the fifth anniversary of 
their Issue Date, or, if applicable and to the extent so required by applicable laws and 
regulations, the Issue Date of the last tranche of any further Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant 
to Condition 13 (whichever is the later), unless (i) to the extent permitted by the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority (x) the Relevant Supervisory Authority has confirmed to the Issuer that 
it is satisfied that the Solvency Capital Requirement is exceeded by an appropriate margin 
(taking into account the position of the Issuer including the Issuer’s medium-term capital plan) 
and (y) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Supervisory Authority that 
the Tax Deductibility Event, the Withholding Tax Event or, as the case may be, the Gross-up 
Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date or (ii) the redemption 
or purchase has been funded out of the proceeds of a new issuance of own-funds capital of the 
same or higher quality as the Notes, in each case, if required pursuant to Solvency II Directive 
and Applicable Supervisory Regulations. 
(j) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 6, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
“Early Redemption Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
“Final Redemption Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, being at least 100 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes; 
“Insolvent Insurance Affiliate Winding-up” means:

--- Page 130 ---
130 
(i) 
the winding-up of any Insurance Undertaking or any Reinsurance Undertaking within 
the Group; or 
(ii) 
the appointment of an administrator of any Insurance Undertaking or any Reinsurance 
Undertaking within the Group, 
in each case, where the Issuer has determined, acting reasonably and in consultation with the 
Relevant Supervisory Authority, that the assets of that Insurance Undertaking or that 
Reinsurance Undertaking within the Group may or will not be sufficient to meet all claims of 
the policyholders pursuant to a contract of insurance of that Insurance Undertaking or contract 
of reinsurance of that Reinsurance Undertaking which is subject to a winding-up or 
administration process (and for these purposes, the claims of policyholders pursuant to a 
contract of insurance or to a contract of reinsurance shall include all amounts to which 
policyholders are entitled under applicable legislation or rules relating to the winding-up of 
Insurance Undertakings or the winding-up of Reinsurance Undertaking that reflect any right 
to receive or expectation of receiving benefits which policyholders may have);  
“Insurance Undertaking” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Solvency II Directive;  
“Rating Agency” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”), S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”), Moody’s France S.A.S. (“Moody’s”), or, any other rating 
agency of equivalent international standing (and their respective successors or affiliates) 
solicited by the Issuer to grant a credit rating to the Issuer; 
“Rating Methodology Event” will be deemed to occur upon a change in the methodology of 
the Rating Agency (as defined above) (or in the interpretation of such methodology) as a result 
of which the equity credit in the capital adequacy assessment assigned by such Rating Agency 
to the Notes is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, materially reduced when compared to 
the equity credit in the capital adequacy assessment assigned by such Rating Agency to the 
Notes at or around the date when the equity credit in the capital adequacy assessment is 
assigned in the first instance. In this definition, equity credit may also refer to any other 
nomenclature that the Rating Agency may then use to describe the contribution of the Notes 
to capital adequacy in the applicable rating methodology;  
“Regulatory Deficiency Redemption Deferral Event” means any event which causes the 
Issuer and/or the Group's solvency capital requirement (SCR) or minimum capital requirement 
(MCR) (or whatever the terminology employed by Applicable Supervisory Regulations) to be 
breached, and such breach is an event which under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations 
prohibits the Issuer to redeem or purchase the Notes on the basis that the Notes qualify (or are 
intended to qualify) as Tier 3 Capital (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed by 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations) under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations;  
“Regulatory Event” will occur if, on or after the Issue Date, the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority has notified the Issuer: 
(i) 
that under the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations, the Notes (in whole or in part) 
would not be treated, for the purposes of the determination of the Issuer’s and/or the 
Group’s regulatory capital (including for the purpose of any capital requirements of 
internationally active insurance groups), as own funds regulatory capital of at least Tier 
3 Capital (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept 
by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations); or

--- Page 131 ---
131 
(ii) 
that under the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations, the Notes (in whole or in part) 
no longer fulfil the requirements in order to be treated, for the purposes of the 
determination of the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s regulatory capital (including for the 
purpose of any capital requirements of internationally active insurance groups), as own 
funds regulatory capital of at least Tier 3 Capital (or, if different, whatever terminology 
is employed to denote such concept by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations), 
provided that on the Issue Date, the Notes did fulfil the requirements for inclusion in 
the own funds regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or the Group of at least Tier 3 Capital 
(or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept by the then 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations), 
except where in the case of each of (i) and (ii), this is merely the result of exceeding any 
applicable limits on the inclusion of such securities in the own funds regulatory capital of the 
Issuer and/or the Group of at least Tier 3 Capital (or, if different, whatever terminology is 
employed to denote such concept by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations), pursuant 
to the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations; and 
“Reinsurance Undertaking” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Solvency II Directive.  
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes 
shall (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered 
registered form) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of 
the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), to an account denominated in the relevant 
currency with a Bank designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such 
Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, 
subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Materialised Notes (in the case of all payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as 
specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 7(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the 
Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank.  
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, 
in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes 
are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer 
shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such 
amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse 
tax consequence to the Issuer.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases but without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 8 to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its 
Agents are subject and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“U.S. Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each 
such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation 
Agent and the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination 
Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having 
specified offices in at least two major European cities (including Paris so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, so long as the rules applicable to the relevant 
Regulated Market so require), (v) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, 
a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required by the applicable rules of 
any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of 
any Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both 
Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such other 
Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Materialised Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes), they should be surrendered for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case 
of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) 
shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the

--- Page 133 ---
133 
manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether 
or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, comprising a Floating 
Rate Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon 
shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are 
to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented 
for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be 
made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or 
the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised 
Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Note that only bears interest after its Final 
Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of 
the relevant Materialised Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons 
that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business 
day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
“business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
the relevant place of presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other 
than euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in 
the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the 
relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in 
the case of a payment in euro), which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation  
(a) 
Withholding Taxes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any

--- Page 134 ---
134 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or 
other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in 
respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as 
the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, 
a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with France other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date in the 
case of Materialised Notes: except to the extent that the Noteholder or, if 
applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on or before the thirtieth (30th) 
such day. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice 
is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon being 
made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment 
is in fact made upon such presentation.  
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts 
and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts 
and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it 
and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” and/or “other revenues” shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition.  
9 
Enforcement Events 
There will be no events of default in respect of the Notes. However, in accordance with Condition 3(b), 
in the event that a judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the 
Issuer (cession totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery procedure, or if 
the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, then the Notes shall become immediately due and payable 
in accordance with Condition 3(b), at their nominal amount together with any accrued interest 
(including Arrears of Interest) to the date of payment.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in 
the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them. 
11 
Representation of Noteholders  
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (the “Masse”).  
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de 
commerce subject to the following provisions: 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
“Representative”) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (a “Collective 
Decision”). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative  
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any 
Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in 
such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation 
to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series.  
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, incompatibility, resignation or revocation of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. The alternate 
representative shall have the same powers as the Representative. Another Representative may 
be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of contrary of the Collective Decision) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of 
the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
(d) 
Collective Decision 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or by 
unanimous consent following a written consultation (the “Written Unanimous Decision”) 
(as further described in Condition 11(f) below).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of 
the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 14. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(e) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. 
One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount 
of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for 
convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been called within two 
(2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the 
competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present 
or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required.  The decisions of the 
General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders 
attending such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 11(k) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of 
the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the 
date of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence or by visioconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing 
the participation of the Noteholders. Each Note carries the right to one vote. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the 
text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be 
presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant 
Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice 
of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of 
the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding 
the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(f) 
Written Unanimous Decisions  
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be taken 
by a Written Unanimous Decision.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Such Written Unanimous Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders of 
the relevant Series without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in 
Condition 11(e). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution 
passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf 
of one or more of such Noteholders and shall be published in accordance with Condition 11(k). 
(g) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce (respectively 
providing for a prior approval of the General Meeting of the Noteholders of any change in 
corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or of an issue of bonds benefiting from a security 
(sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to 
the Notes. 
(h) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decision and, more generally, all 
administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decision, it being expressly 
stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(i) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition 13, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a 
single Masse.  
(j) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise 
all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provision of the French Code 
de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in 
this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the 
Notes of such Series. 
(k) 
Notice to the Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 14(e) below. 
(l) 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not include those 
Notes purchased by the Issuer in accordance with French laws and regulations that are held 
by it and not cancelled. 
12 
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as 
may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is

--- Page 138 ---
138 
given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, 
inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon 
is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there 
shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive 
Materialised Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated 
or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
13 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single 
Series with the Notes provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all 
respects (or identical in all respects save for the Issue Date, Issue Price, the first payment of 
interest and the aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche) and that the terms of such further 
notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be 
construed accordingly. In the event that the Issuer shall issue further notes in accordance with 
the present Condition 13, such that the First Call Date of the relevant Series will be deferred, 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders of such deferral in accordance with Condition 
14.  
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, with the prior 
approval of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agents, from time to time on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, without 
the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with 
the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of 
the European national currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been 
redenominated in euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in 
respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes. 
14 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid 
if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be 
deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as 
such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (x) in a leading daily newspaper of 
general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (y) in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (z) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-
4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and, 
(b) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of 
such Regulated Market so require, (x) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation 
in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located 
or (y) on the website of any other Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the 
Notes are admitted to trading.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published, (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, (a) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement 
Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and, (ii) so long as such Notes are admitted 
to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, (a) in 
a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on 
which such Notes are admitted to trading is located or (b) on the website of any other 
Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or 
in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice 
to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the 
Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice 
required by Conditions 14(a) and (b) above; except that notices will be published (a) so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 
221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF, and (b) so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of such Regulated Market(s) 
so require, on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market of the EEA 
Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading, or (c) as otherwise provided in 
applicable laws, regulations or rules. 
(e) 
Notices relating to the convocation of the General Meetings and decision(s) of the Collective 
Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the 
French Code de commerce shall be (i) in the case of holders of Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur), given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream 
and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and (ii) 
in the case of holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at their 
respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing. 
15 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons 
shall be brought before any competent court located within the jurisdiction of the registered 
office of the Issuer.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TIER 2 NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Tier 2 Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the 
terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text 
as completed by the relevant provisions of the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the 
full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and 
conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be 
endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have 
the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Tier 2 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by CNP Assurances (the “Issuer” or “CNP Assurances”). An agency agreement dated 10 
September 2021 has been entered into between the Issuer, Société Générale Securities Services as fiscal agent and 
the other agents named in it (the “Agency Agreement”). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination 
agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the 
“Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination and Currency 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in 
materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et 
seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book- entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) 
will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear 
France SA (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the 
accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) 
and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either administered 
registered form (nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or 
in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the 
Issuer or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf 
of the Issuer (the “Registration Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders in accordance with French 
laws unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any authorised 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on behalf of its 
customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) 
and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”).

--- Page 141 ---
141 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form. Materialised Notes are serially numbered 
and are issued with coupons (the “Coupons”) (and, where appropriate, a talon (the 
“Talon”)) attached.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law 
and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the 
“Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). Dematerialised Notes shall 
be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer 
of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts 
of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Notes”), shall pass 
by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder 
(as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft 
or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “Holder of Notes”, “Holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” 
means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the 
account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the 
case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, 
the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons or Talon relating to it, 
and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the 
absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination:  
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment 
Date, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at 
least thirty (30) calendar days’ notice in accordance with Condition 14 and on or after 
the date on which the European Member State in whose national currency the Notes

--- Page 142 ---
142 
are denominated has become a participating Member State in the single currency of 
the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing 
the European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time (the “Treaty”), 
or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, 
“EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into euro and 
adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such 
redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the 
“Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by 
converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into 
euro using the fixed relevant national currency euro conversion rate established by the 
Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the Treaty and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). 
If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of 
each Note using the fixed relevant national currency euro conversion rate shall be 
rounded down to the nearest euro. The euro denominations of the Notes so determined 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than euro 0.01 shall 
be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 
being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in euro on the 
Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the 
relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this 
Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 13, without the consent of the 
holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these 
Conditions or Condition 13 (including, without limitation, any change to any 
applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre 
of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking 
into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations 
and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such 
changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders 
of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in 
relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of euro or any currency conversion 
or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Currency: Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may 
be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Sterling, Australian dollars and in 
any other currency specified in the relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 143 ---
143 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not 
be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the 
option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such 
Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such 
Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3 
Status of the Notes  
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Ordinary Subordinated Notes, the status 
of the Notes will be as follows: 
(a) 
Ordinary Subordinated Obligations 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and (if applicable) any relative Coupons in 
respect of principal, interest and other amounts, constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and rank and shall at all times rank without any preference 
among themselves (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law). 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
amiable or liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar 
proceedings affecting the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights 
of Noteholders to payment under the Notes shall rank as follows: 
 (i) equally and rateably with any other existing or future Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations,  
(ii) in priority to present and future Equity Securities, Undated Junior Subordinated 
Obligations, Dated Junior Subordinated Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, and 
titres participatifs issued by the Issuer, and  
(iii) behind subordinated Obligations expressed to rank senior to Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations (including any Senior Subordinated Obligations) if any, and behind 
Unsubordinated Obligations (all as defined below). 
In the event of incomplete payment of creditors ranking senior to holders of the Notes (in the 
context of voluntary or judicial liquidation of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other

--- Page 144 ---
144 
similar proceedings affecting the Issuer) the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the 
Notes and relative interest will be terminated. 
“Dated Junior Subordinated Obligations” means any Obligations (including any bonds or 
notes) which constitute direct, unsecured, dated and junior subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and which rank and will at all times rank equally and rateably with any other existing 
or future Dated Junior Subordinated Obligations, in priority to present and future Equity 
Securities and Undated Junior Subordinated Obligations but behind prêts participatifs granted 
to, and titres participatifs issued by the Issuer, Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, Senior 
Subordinated Obligations and Unsubordinated Obligations; 
“Equity Securities” means (a) the ordinary shares (actions ordinaires) of the Issuer and (b) 
any other class of the Issuer's share capital (including preference shares (actions de 
préférence)), as the case may be; 
“Obligations” means any payment obligation expressed to be assumed by or imposed on, the 
Issuer under or arising as a result of any contract, agreement, document, instrument or conduct 
or relationship or by operation of law (including any bonds or notes); 
“Ordinary Subordinated Obligations” means any Obligations (including any bonds or 
notes) which constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and which 
rank and will at all times rank (i) equally and rateably with any other existing or future 
Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, (ii) in priority to present and future Equity Securities, 
Undated Junior Subordinated Obligations, Dated Junior Subordinated Obligations, prêts 
participatifs granted to, and titres participatifs issued by the Issuer, and (iii) behind 
subordinated Obligations expressed to rank senior to Ordinary Subordinated Obligations 
(including any Senior Subordinated Obligations) if any, and behind Unsubordinated 
Obligations; 
“Senior Subordinated Obligations” means any Obligations (including any bonds or notes) 
which constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and which rank 
and will at all times rank (i) equally and rateably with any other existing or future Senior 
Subordinated Obligations, (ii) in priority to present and future Equity Securities, Undated 
Junior Subordinated Obligations, Dated Junior Subordinated Obligations, Ordinary 
Subordinated Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, and titres participatifs issued by the 
Issuer, and (iii) behind subordinated Obligations expressed to rank senior to Senior 
Subordinated Obligations if any, and behind Unsubordinated Obligations;  
“Undated Junior Subordinated Obligations” means any Obligations (including any bonds 
or notes) which constitute direct, unsecured, undated and junior subordinated obligations 
(titres subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer, including bonds or notes which 
subordination provisions are governed by the provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French 
Code de commerce and which rank and will at all times rank equally and rateably with any 
other existing or future Undated Junior Subordinated Obligations, in priority to present and 
future Equity Securities but behind all existing and future Dated Junior Subordinated 
Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, and titres participatifs issued by the Issuer, and to 
Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, Senior Subordinated Obligations and Unsubordinated 
Obligations; and 
“Unsubordinated Obligations” means any Obligations (including any bonds or notes) which 
constitute direct and unsubordinated Obligations of the Issuer and which rank and will at all 
times rank equally and rateably with any other existing or future Unsubordinated Obligations,

--- Page 145 ---
145 
but in priority to present and future Equity Securities, Undated Junior Subordinated 
Obligations, Dated Junior Subordinated Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, titres 
participatifs issued by the Issuer, Ordinary Subordinated Obligations, Senior Subordinated 
Obligations and subordinated Obligations expressed to rank senior to Senior Subordinated 
Obligations (if any). For the avoidance of doubt, the Unsubordinated Obligations include but 
are not limited to the claims of the policyholders of the Issuer. 
 
(b) 
Payment on the Notes in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer 
If any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) or, following an order of judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire), the sale of the whole business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer, or if 
the Issuer is liquidated for any reason, the rights of the Noteholders in respect of principal and 
interest due in respect of any issue of Notes (including any outstanding Arrears of Interest, as 
defined below) will be subordinated to the payments of claims of other creditors of the Issuer 
(other than subordinated claims) including insurance companies and entities referred to in 
Article R.322-132 of the French Code des assurances reinsured by the Issuer, holders of 
insurance policies issued by such entities and creditors with respect to Unsubordinated 
Obligations and Senior Subordinated Obligations but paid in priority to payments to holders 
of Equity Securities, Undated Junior Subordinated Obligations, Dated Junior Subordinated 
Obligations, prêts participatifs granted to, and titres participatifs issued by the Issuer. 
In the event of incomplete payment of creditors ranking senior to holders of the Notes (in the 
context of voluntary or judicial liquidation of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other 
similar proceedings affecting the Issuer) the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the 
Notes and related interest will be terminated. 
Pursuant to Article L.327-2 of the French Code des assurances, a lien (privilège) over the 
movable assets of the Issuer is granted for the benefit of the Issuer’s policyholders. 
Noteholders, even if they are policyholders of the Issuer, do not have the benefit of such 
lien in relation to amounts due under any issue of Notes. 
(c) 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-
Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against 
such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all 
agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such Note, Coupon or 
Talon) and each such holder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, 
claims and liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 3(c) is intended to provide, or shall be 
construed as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention 
or counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon but for this Condition 3(c). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(c), "Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all rights of 
or claims of any holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon for deduction, set-off, netting, 
compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection 
with any Note, Coupon or Talon.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
4 
Negative Pledge 
There will be no negative pledge in respect of any issue of Notes.  
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) or any successor thereto (the 
“TARGET System”) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”);  
(ii) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s), a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, 
generally in each of the Business Centre(s). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the 
“Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365 - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and 
whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual 
/365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number 
of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the 
fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed during the leap year and 
whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum 
of:

--- Page 147 ---
147 
(I) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(II) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year, 
where:  
“Determination Date” means the date specified hereon or, if none is 
specified, the Interest Payment Date; and   
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination 
Date.  
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360” or “360/360 (Bond Basis)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty;  
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating 
to Transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française, as the case may be (“FBF”) (together the 
“FBF Master Agreement”), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified 
in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period

--- Page 149 ---
149 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date; 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the 
principal offices of five major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected 
by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer which is an independent investment bank, 
commercial bank or stockbroker (the “Reference Rate Agent”) or as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (e.g. 
EURIBOR or CMS Rate) subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark 
discontinuation);  
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in 
respect of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the 
case of Materialised Notes if earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice 
is duly given to the holders of such Materialised Notes that, upon further presentation of the 
Materialised Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment 
will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation; 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such relevant Screen Page Time as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes:  
(i) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date 
will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount 
so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the 
particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Interest on Resettable Notes 
Each Note which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Resettable 
Note (a "Resettable Note") will bear interest on its outstanding principal 
amount: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but 
excluding) the First Resettable Note Reset Date at the Initial Rate of 
Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date or, if no such 
Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Final Maturity Date, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; 
and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
 
Interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms as being a Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date and on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Final 
Maturity Date. The first payment of interest will be made on the first 
Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) following the Interest Commencement Date. 
In these Conditions: 
"Alternative Mid-Swap Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen 
rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iv)(B) and which is customary in market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Benchmark Gilt" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the Benchmark Gilt 
specified hereon or, if no Benchmark Gilt is specified hereon or if the relevant 
Benchmark Gilt is no longer outstanding at the relevant time, such United 
Kingdom government security having a maturity date on or about the last day 
of such Reset Period as the Issuer, with the advice of the Reference Banks 
and after consultation with the Calculation Agent, may determine to be 
appropriate; 
"Benchmark Gilt Rate" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the gross 
redemption yield (as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
generally accepted market practice at such time) on a semi-annual 
compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if

--- Page 151 ---
151 
necessary) to four decimal places) of the Benchmark Gilt in respect of that 
Reset Period, with the price of the Benchmark Gilt for this purpose being the 
arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered prices of 
such Benchmark Gilt quoted by the Reference Banks at 3.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the relevant Reset Determination Date on a dealing basis for 
settlement on the next following dealing day in London. If only two or three 
quotations are provided, the price of the Benchmark Gilt will be the rounded 
arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, 
the price of the Benchmark Gilt will be the rounded quotation provided. If no 
quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion following consultation with the Issuer; 
"Bloomberg Screen" means the relevant page on the Bloomberg L.P. service 
or any successor service or such other page as may replace that page on that 
service for the purpose of displaying “Treasury constant maturities 
(Nominal)” as reported in the H.15; 
"CMT Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Rate 
Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(i) 
the yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for a 
designated maturity equal to the U.S. Treasury Original Maturity, as 
published in the H.15 under the caption “Treasury constant maturities 
(Nominal)”, as that yield is displayed, for the particular Reset Rate 
Determination Date, on the Bloomberg Screen; or 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in (i) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on the Bloomberg Screen on such Reset Rate 
Determination Date, the yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at “constant 
maturity” for a designated maturity equal to the U.S. Treasury Original 
Maturity as published in the H.15 under the caption “Treasury constant 
maturities (Nominal)” for such Reset Rate Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if the yield referred to in (ii) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New 
York City time) on such Reset Rate Determination Date, the Reset 
Reference Dealer Rate on such Reset Rate Determination Date; or 
(iv) 
if fewer than three Reference Dealers selected by the Calculation 
Agent provide bid prices for the purposes of determining the Reset 
Reference Dealer Rate referred to in (iii) above as described in the 
definition of Reset Reference Dealer Rate, the CMT Rate applicable 
to the last preceding Reset Period; 
"Conditions to Redemption and Purchase" has the meaning ascribed to it 
in Condition 6(i);

--- Page 152 ---
152 
"Final Maturity Date" means: 
(i) 
if on the Scheduled Maturity Date the Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase are fulfilled, the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
otherwise, the first Interest Payment Date following the Scheduled 
Maturity Date on which the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase 
are fulfilled; 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"First Resettable Note Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, provided, however, that if the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First 
Resettable Note Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Final Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback 
Provision for Resettable Notes) below, the rate of interest being determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum 
of the relevant Reset Rate plus the First Margin; 
"H.15" means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15, or any 
successor publication, published by the Board of Governors of the U.S. 
Federal Reserve System at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15/ or 
any successor site or publication; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international debt capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial rate of interest per annum specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset 
Period and commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) is in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market 
at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap

--- Page 153 ---
153 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be 
positive or negative), or the formula or the methodology for calculating a 
spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and which 
is required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative 
Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be, and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally recommended 
in relation to the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if 
no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Mid-Swap Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or 
the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be; or (if the Issuer 
determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate; 
"Mid-Swap Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
that it will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease 
publishing the Original Mid-Swap Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate, that the Original Mid-Swap Rate has been 
or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 154 ---
154 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate as a consequence of which the Original Mid-
Swap Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in 
respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six months; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Mid- Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means, subject as provided in 
Condition 5(b)(iv): 
(i) 
where the Specified Currency is a currency other than euro, such 
other reference rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and  
(ii) 
where the Specified Currency is euro, EURIBOR; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and 
subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes) and 
Condition 5(b)(iv) below, either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 155 ---
155 
"Original Mid-Swap Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" means, for any Reset Period, the Reference Bond specified 
hereon or, if no Reference Bond is specified hereon or if the relevant 
Reference Bond is no longer outstanding at the relevant time, such government 
security or securities issued by the government of the state responsible for 
issuing the Specified Currency selected by the Issuer after consultation with 
the Calculation Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity date 
comparable with the last day of the relevant Reset Period and that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in 
the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset 
Period; 
"Reference Bond Dealer" means each of four banks (selected by the Issuer 
after consultation with the Calculation Agent), or their affiliates, which are 
primary government securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate 
bond issuances denominated in the Specified Currency; 
"Reference Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the 
Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on the relevant Reset Determination Date and quoted in 
writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to a Reset Determination Date, 
(a) the arithmetic mean of the Reference Bond Dealer Quotations for that 
Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Calculation Agent obtains 
fewer than four such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic mean 
of all such quotations or (c) if the Calculation Agent obtains only one 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotation, the Reference Bond Dealer Quotation 
obtained or (d) if the Calculation Agent obtains no Reference Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall be that which was 
determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case of 
the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the 
Initial Rate of Interest, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the annual yield 
to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) 
of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate:  
− 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or

--- Page 156 ---
156 
− 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency 
to which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the 
second Business Day prior to the First Resettable Note Reset Date, in respect 
of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
Second Resettable Note Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Reset 
Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Rate" means:  
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified hereon, the relevant Mid-Swap Rate 
displayed on the Reset Rate Screen Page on or around 11.00 am in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period; 
(ii) 
if Benchmark Gilt Rate is specified hereon, the relevant Benchmark 
Gilt Rate;  
(iii) 
If Reference Bond is specified hereon, the relevant Reference Bond 
Rate; or 
(iv) 
if CMT Rate is specified hereon, the prevailing CMT Rate on the Reset 
Rate Determination Date; 
"Reset Rate Determination Date" means, in respect of each Reset Period, the 
day falling five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
relevant Reset Date; 
"Reset Rate Screen Page" has the meaning specified hereon; 
"Reset Reference Dealer Rate" means, on any Reset Rate Determination 
Date, the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent as being a yield-to-maturity 
based on the arithmetic mean of the secondary market bid prices for Reset U.S. 
Treasury Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such 
Reset Rate Determination Date, of leading primary U.S. government securities 
dealers in New York City (each, a "Reference Dealer"). The Calculation 
Agent will select five Reference Dealers to provide such bid prices and will 
eliminate the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest); 
provided, however, that, if fewer than five but more than two such bid prices 
are provided, then neither the highest nor the lowest of those quotations will 
be eliminated prior to calculating the arithmetic mean of such bid prices;

--- Page 157 ---
157 
"Reset U.S. Treasury Securities" means, on any Reset Rate Determination 
Date, U.S. Treasury Securities with an U.S. Treasury Original Maturity as 
specified hereon, a remaining term to maturity of no more than one (1) year 
shorter than U.S. Treasury Original Maturity and in a principal amount equal 
to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in such U.S. 
Treasury Securities in the New York City market. If two (2) U.S. Treasury 
Securities have remaining terms to maturity equally close to U.S. Treasury 
Original Maturity, the U.S. Treasury Security with the shorter remaining term 
to maturity will be used; 
"Resettable Note Reset Date" means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, 
the Second Resettable Note Reset Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note 
Reset Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; provided, however, that if 
the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final 
Terms and if specified hereon will be at least ten years from the Issue Date; 
"Second Resettable Note Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; provided, however, that if the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the 
Second Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Resettable Note 
Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Resettable Note 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Resettable Note Reset Date;  
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent 
Reset Period and subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback Provision for 
Resettable Notes) below, the rate of interest being determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the 
relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable Subsequent Margin;  
"Successor Mid-Swap Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; 
"U.S. Treasury Original Maturity" means the maturity specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
"U.S. Treasury Securities" means securities that are direct obligations of the 
United States Treasury, issued other than on a discount rate basis.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
(iii) 
Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available 
or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum 
of the arithmetic mean of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and 
the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b)(iii), the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall 
be determined to be the rate of interest as at the last preceding Resettable Note 
Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(iii), "Reference Banks" means the 
principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of 
four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the 
advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
(iv) 
Substitute Mid-Swap Rate 
(A) Independent Adviser  
If a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Mid-Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iv)(B)) and, in either case, a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5(b)(iv)(C)) and any Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iv)(D)).  
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iv) shall 
act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an independent 
adviser with appropriate expertise and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
5(b)(iv).

--- Page 159 ---
159 
For the avoidance of doubt the Issuer’s consultation referred to above shall not 
give any discretionary power to the Issuer and the Independent Adviser will 
act alone in determining whether a substitute or successor rate for the purposes 
stated above is available. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 5(b)(iv)(A) prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date or (iii) 
the Issuer determines that the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with 
the Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which, an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
and, in either case, a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread if any and any Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments would prejudice the qualification of the Notes as 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, then the Rate of Interest for such 
next Reset Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions 
of Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes).  
(B) Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate  
If the Independent Adviser, determines that:  
(i) there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor Mid-Swap Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(b)(iv)(C)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
5(b)(iv)); or  
(ii) there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but that there is an Alternative Mid- 
Swap Rate, then such Alternative Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5(b)(iv)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(b)(iv)).  
(C) Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread  
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative 
Mid- Swap Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, then such 
Mid- Swap Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be).  
(D)  Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iv) 
and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and/or Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the "Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments") and 
(ii) the terms of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall,

--- Page 160 ---
160 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iv)(D), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading.  
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest for Resettable Notes 
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under Condition 5(b)(iv) will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative of the Masse (as defined in Condition 11) (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
Otherwise, the Calculation Agent will give notice to the Noteholders of the 
First Reset Rate of Interest and (if applicable) the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
(except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Conditions 5(h) and 5(i). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent 
such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would

--- Page 161 ---
161 
have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination or ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon 
which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions 
and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first day of that 
Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, 
“Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux Variable)” and “Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that 
“Euribor” means the rate calculated for deposits in euro which 
appears on Reuters page EURIBOR01, as more fully described in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that

--- Page 162 ---
162 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (together the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, 
“Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated 
Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, 
be either: 
(i) the offered quotation; or  
(ii) the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 
(i) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or 
(ii) if otherwise, the Relevant Screen Page Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations; 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-
paragraph (a)(i) applies and no such offered quotation 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph 
(a)(ii) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the

--- Page 163 ---
163 
time specified above, subject as provided below, the Issuer or 
the Reference Rate Agent shall request (i) if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of 
the Reference Banks, or (ii) if otherwise, each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Issuer or the Reference Rate 
Agent and the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate (i) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or (ii) if otherwise, at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Issuer or the Reference Rate Agent and the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Issuer or the Reference 
Rate Agent determines that fewer than two Reference Banks 
are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to 
(and at the request of) the Issuer or the Reference Rate Agent 
and the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two 
or more of them, at which such banks were offered (i) if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) or (ii) if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in (i) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, or (ii) if otherwise, the 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or the 
Reference Rate Agent and the Calculation Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate (i) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), or (ii) if otherwise, 
at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Issuer or the Reference Rate Agent and 
the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in (i) if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone inter-bank 
market, or (ii) if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, 
as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest

--- Page 164 ---
164 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate or 
the combination based on CMS Rate as set out in one of the 
formulae below, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, 
be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
or for CMS Rate combination formula, one of the following 
formulae: 
m × CMS Rate[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] +  n × CMS Rate[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦]; or 
m × CMS Rate[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] −n × CMS Rate[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦]; or 
m × CMS Rate[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] × n × CMS Rate[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦]. 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date: (i) the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Screen Page Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; (ii) if at least three 
of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the highest quotations and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest quotations) and (iii) if on any Interest 
Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with 
such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on such commercial basis as considered appropriate 
by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in 
accordance with the then prevailing standard market 
practice.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d): 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for 
swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference 
Currency is Euro, the principal office of five leading swap 
dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference 
Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five 
leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, 
(iii) where the Reference Currency is United States 
dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading 
swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or 
(iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the 
principal relevant Financial Centre office of five leading 
swap dealers in the relevant Financial Centre inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent.  
“Designated Maturity” and “Margin”, shall have the 
meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“m” and “n” means the number specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:  
(A) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-
market annual swap rate determined on the basis of 
the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit

--- Page 166 ---
166 
in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the then prevailing standard market practice or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions; and 
(B) where the Reference Currency is any other currency 
or if the Final Terms specify otherwise, the mid-
market swap rate as determined in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation  
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant FBF Rate (if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available for 
the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (D), “Applicable Maturity” 
means: (a) in relation to FBF Determination, the period of time 
specified in the relevant FBF Rate, (b) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, 
and (c) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(E) 
Benchmark discontinuation  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any 
Notes provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any component

--- Page 167 ---
167 
part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and shall 
prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(b)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) shall act in good faith as an independent adviser with 
appropriate expertise and (in the absence of bad faith, manifest 
error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or 
any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders for 
any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
I. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(d)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for 
all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)); or  
II. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or

--- Page 168 ---
168 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or 
a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business 
Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or, in 
either 
case, 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(e), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, promptly of any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(f) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the 
immediately following Interest Determination Date, (i) the Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this provision or (iii) the Issuer determines that

--- Page 169 ---
169 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate, failing which, an Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread if any and any Benchmark 
Amendments would prejudice the qualification of the Notes as 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, the fallback 
provision for the Original Reference Rate specified in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C) namely the Rate of Interest determined on the 
preceding Interest Determination Date, will continue to apply to 
such determination (though substituting, where a different 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not 
obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions 
of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if 
applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (and, until such determination 
and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the other fallbacks specified in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C), will continue to apply in accordance with their terms. 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive 
or negative or zero) or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable) in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:  
− in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
− in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital

--- Page 170 ---
170 
market for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); 
or 
− if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such spread, formula or methodology in customary market 
usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable 
manner, determines to be 
appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen 
rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) and which is customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
(b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or 
before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
(d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the 
date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i);  
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six months;

--- Page 171 ---
171 
(f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method of 
calculation has significantly changed; 
(g) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent 
or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, if applicable); or 
(h) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration 
pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original 
Reference Rate has been adopted. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(a); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark 
or screen rate:  
− the central bank for the currency to which such benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such benchmark or screen rate; or 
− any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank 
for the currency to which such benchmark or screen rate 
relates (as applicable), (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such benchmark or screen rate, (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Event, two or more successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those successor 
or replacement rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter 
alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature 
of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Fixed / Floating Rate Notes: Fixed / Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate 
that will automatically change or that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the Final 
Terms. 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, 
or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment 
shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of 
Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, 
subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest shall be subject to 
such maximum or minimum, as the case may be, provided that in no event, 
will the Rate of Interest be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest of 0.00 
per cent. Whether or not a Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in no event shall the rate of 
interest (including for the avoidance of doubt, as adjusted with any 
applicable margin) be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, 
which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” 
means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country(ies) of such currency.  
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period 
shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an 
Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest 
Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of 
the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent 
shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case 
may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount to be notified 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the applicable rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all 
other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or 
more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms 
and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, or Early Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation 
Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved 
in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes 
are listed on any stock exchange and the rules applicable to that stock exchange so 
require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with 
Condition 14.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
(i) 
Interest Deferral: 
On each Interest Payment Date, the Issuer shall pay interest on the Notes accrued to 
that date ending immediately prior to such Interest Payment Date, subject to the 
provisions of the following paragraphs.   
(i) 
Optional Interest Payment Dates 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, on any Optional Interest Payment Date 
(as defined below), the Issuer may elect, by notice to the Noteholders and the 
Fiscal Agent pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) below, to defer payment of all (but 
not some only) of the interest accrued to that date, and the Issuer shall not have 
any obligation to make such payment and any non-payment resulting from 
such deferral shall not constitute a default by the Issuer for any purpose, unless 
the Interest Payment Date constitutes a Compulsory Interest Payment Date (as 
defined below) in which case interest on the Notes will be payable and will 
not be deferred. 
Any interest not paid on an Optional Interest Payment Date and deferred in 
accordance with this paragraph (i) shall so long as the same remains 
outstanding constitute “Arrears of Interest” and shall be payable as outlined 
below. Noteholders will not receive any additional interest or compensation 
for the mandatory deferral of payment. In particular, the resulting Arrears of 
Interest will not bear interest. 
(ii) 
Mandatory Interest Deferral Dates 
On any Mandatory Interest Deferral Date (as defined below), the Issuer will 
(subject as provided below) be obliged, by notice to the Noteholders and the 
Fiscal Agent pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) below, to defer payment of all (but 
not some only) of the interest accrued to that date, and such non-payment 
resulting from such deferral shall not constitute a default by the Issuer for any 
purpose. 
Any interest not paid on a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date and deferred in 
accordance with this paragraph (ii) shall so long as the same remains 
outstanding constitute “Arrears of Interest” and shall be payable as outlined 
below. Noteholders will not receive any additional interest or compensation 
for the mandatory deferral of payment. In particular, the resulting Arrears of 
Interest will not bear interest. 
(iii) 
Arrears of Interest 
Arrears of Interest may, subject to the fulfilment of the Conditions to 
Settlement (as defined below), at the option of the Issuer, be paid in whole or 
in part at any time but all Arrears of Interest in respect of all Notes for the time 
being outstanding shall become due in full on whichever is the earliest of: 
(A) 
i) if Optional Interest Payment Dates are specified as "Applicable" 
in the relevant Final Terms, the next Interest Payment Date which 
is a Compulsory Interest Payment Date or ii) if Optional Interest 
Payment Dates are specified as "Not Applicable" in the relevant

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Final Terms, the next Interest Payment Date which is not a 
Mandatory Interest Deferral Date; or 
(B) 
the date of any redemption of the Notes in accordance with the 
provisions relating to redemption of the Notes; or 
(C) 
the date upon which a judgment is made by a competent court for 
the judicial liquidation of the Issuer (liquidation judiciaire) or for 
the sale of the whole of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) 
following an order of judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) in respect of the Issuer or in the event of the liquidation 
of the Issuer for any other reason. 
(iv) 
Notice of Deferral and Payment of Arrears of Interest 
The Issuer shall give not less than five (5) nor more than thirty (30) Business 
Days' prior notice to (x) the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 and 
(y) the Fiscal Agent: 
(A) 
of any Optional Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer elects to 
defer interest as provided in sub-paragraph (i) above;  
(B) 
of any Mandatory Interest Deferral Date and specifying that interest 
will not be paid due to a Regulatory Deficiency, either continuing 
or being caused by such interest payment, on the next Interest 
Payment Date, provided that if the Regulatory Deficiency occurs 
less than five (5) Business Days before such Interest Payment Date, 
the Issuer shall give notice of the interest deferral as soon as 
practicable under the circumstances before such Mandatory Interest 
Deferral Date; and 
(C) 
of any date upon which amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest 
shall become due and payable. 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, 
and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, notice of any such deferral 
shall also be given as soon as reasonably practicable to such Regulated 
Market.  
(v) 
Partial Payment of Arrears of Interest  
If amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest are paid in part and not in whole: 
(A) 
Arrears of Interest accrued for any period shall not be payable until 
full payment has been made of all Arrears of Interest that have 
accrued during any earlier period; and 
(B) 
the amount of Arrears of Interest payable in respect of any Note in 
respect of any period, shall be calculated pro rata to the total amount 
of all unpaid Arrears of Interest accrued in respect of that period to 
the date of payment. 
(vi) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions:

--- Page 176 ---
176 
“Applicable Supervisory Regulations” means the Solvency II Directive as 
implemented in France, the Solvency II Regulation and capital requirements 
or any other regulatory capital rules (including the guidelines and 
recommendations of the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions 
Authority (or any successor authority), the official application or interpretation 
of the Relevant Supervisory Authority and any applicable decision of any 
court or tribunal) from time to time in effect in France (or if the Issuer becomes 
domiciled in a jurisdiction other than France, such other jurisdiction) and 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group (including for the purpose of any 
capital requirements of internationally active insurance groups), which would 
lay down the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion 
as own funds regulatory capital of at least Tier 2 Capital (or, if different, 
whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept) that the Notes 
would be expected to fall under on or about the Issue Date, as opposed to own 
funds regulatory capital of any other tier (or, if different, whatever terminology 
is employed to denote such concept), for single solvency and group solvency 
purposes of the Issuer;  
“Compulsory Interest Payment Date” means (i) each Interest Payment Date 
prior to which, during the period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Look-Back Period”) prior to such Interest Payment Date, a dividend in any 
form on any ordinary or preference shares of the Issuer has been declared or 
paid, unless such Interest Payment Date constitutes a Mandatory Interest 
Deferral Date or (ii) if Look-Back Period is specified as "Not Applicable" in 
the relevant Final Terms, each Interest Payment Date unless such Interest 
Payment Date constitutes a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date; 
“Conditions to Settlement” are satisfied on any day with respect to any 
payment of Arrears of Interest, if any, if (i) the Issuer has obtained the Prior 
Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority and (ii) no Regulatory 
Deficiency has occurred and is continuing or would be caused by such 
payment. Notwithstanding that a Regulatory Deficiency may have occurred 
and be continuing on the date due for payment of Arrears of Interest, or if such 
payment would of itself cause a Regulatory Deficiency, Arrears of Interest 
may still be paid at any time to the extent permitted under, and in accordance 
with, the Solvency II Directive and the Applicable Supervisory Regulations 
and provided that all of the following conditions are met: 
(A) 
on or prior to the relevant payment date, the Prior Approval of the 
Relevant Supervisory Authority has been exceptionally given with 
respect to such payment; 
(B) 
such payment does not further weaken the solvency position of the 
Issuer and/or the Group; and 
(C) 
the applicable minimum capital requirement (MCR) (or, if 
different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such 
requirement by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations) is 
complied with after such payment has been made.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
“Group” means the Issuer and its fully consolidated subsidiaries taken as a 
whole from time to time;  
“Mandatory Interest Deferral Date” means each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of which the Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent have been notified by 
the Issuer pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) above that (i) a Regulatory 
Deficiency has occurred and such Regulatory Deficiency is continuing on such 
Interest Payment Date or (ii) the payment of such interest would of itself cause 
a Regulatory Deficiency, provided however that interest may still be paid on 
such Interest Payment Date to the extent permitted under, and in accordance 
with the Solvency II Directive and the Applicable Supervisory Regulations 
provided that all of the following conditions are met: 
(A) 
on or prior to such Interest Payment Date, the Prior Approval of the 
Relevant Supervisory Authority has been exceptionally given with 
respect to the payment of the relevant interest and/or Arrears of 
Interest; 
(B) 
the payment of the relevant interest and/or Arrears of Interest does 
not further weaken the solvency position of the Issuer and/or the 
Group; and 
(C) 
the applicable minimum capital requirement (MCR) (or, if different, 
whatever terminology is employed to denote such requirement by 
the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations) is complied with after 
the payment of the relevant interest and/or Arrears of Interest has 
been made; 
“Optional Interest Payment Date” means any Interest Payment Date other 
than a Compulsory Interest Payment Date or a Mandatory Interest Deferral 
Date; 
“Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority” means the prior 
written approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority, if such approval is 
required at the time under any Applicable Supervisory Regulations and 
provided that such approval has not been withdrawn by the date set for 
redemption, purchase or payment, as the case may be; 
“Regulatory Deficiency” means that: 
(A) 
the own funds regulatory capital (or, if different, whatever 
terminology is employed to denote such concept by the then 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group 
is not sufficient to cover its capital requirements (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the applicable solvency capital requirement 
(SCR), the applicable minimum capital requirement (MCR) or any 
applicable capital requirements for internationally active insurance 
groups) (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to denote 
such requirement by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations) 
whichever occurs earlier; or 
(B) 
the Relevant Supervisory Authority has notified the Issuer that it has 
determined, in view of the financial condition of the Issuer and/or

--- Page 178 ---
178 
the Group, that in accordance with the then Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations at such time, the Issuer must take specified action in 
relation to payments under the Notes, 
in each case without taking into account any Prior Approval of the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority being granted on an exceptional basis with respect to 
the payment of interest and/or Arrears of Interest on, or the redemption or 
purchase of, the Notes. 
“Relevant Supervisory Authority” means any relevant regulator having 
jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the Group, in the event that the Issuer and/or 
the Group is required to comply with certain applicable capital requirements. 
The current Relevant Supervisory Authority is the Autorité de Contrôle 
Prudentiel et de Résolution (the “ACPR”);  
“Solvency II Directive” means Directive 2009/138/EC of November 25, 2009 
on the taking-up and pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance 
(Solvency II), as amended from time to time, the further legislative acts of the 
European Union enacted in relation thereto and the French legislation 
implementing the same;  
“Solvency II Regulation” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35 of 10 October 2014, as amended from time to time; and 
“Tier 2 Capital” has the meaning given to it for the purposes of the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations from time to time (including, without limitation, by 
virtue of the operation of any grandfathering provisions under any Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations). 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity  
(i) 
Notes with a specified maturity date 
In respect of Notes with a specified maturity date, unless previously redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled as specified below, each such Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (including Arrears of Interest) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Final Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
Notes with no specified maturity date 
Notes with no specified maturity date are undated obligations of the Issuer and have no fixed 
maturity date, but may be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer under certain 
circumstances set out below and subject to the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority and Condition 6(i). 
(b) 
Optional Redemption from the First Call Date  
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, and if a First Call Period is specified as "Not Applicable" 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to the Prior Approval of the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority, subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) 
calendar days’ prior notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, at their Early

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Redemption Amount (specified in the relevant Final Terms) in the relevant Specified Currency, on 
the First Call Date (specified in the relevant Final Terms) or on any Interest Payment Date falling 
thereafter.  
If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if a First Call Period is specified as "Applicable" in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority, subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ 
prior notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, at their Early Redemption Amount 
(specified in the relevant Final Terms) in the relevant Specified Currency, on the First Call Date 
(specified in the relevant Final Terms) and on any date thereafter up to and including the last day of 
the First Call Period (specified in the relevant Final Terms) or on any Interest Payment Date falling 
thereafter. 
The First Call Date specified in the relevant Final Terms may not occur prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the Notes, or, if applicable, the Issue Date of the last tranche of any further 
Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 (whichever is the later), to the extent so required 
by the Applicable Supervisory Regulations. 
(c) 
Optional Redemption for Regulatory Reasons  
If Optional Redemption for Regulatory Reasons is specified in the relevant Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a Regulatory Event (as defined below) with respect to any Notes on or after the Issue 
Date, subject to Condition 6(i), such Notes will be redeemable in whole, but not in part, at any 
time, at the option of the Issuer having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) 
calendar days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (including Arrears of Interest) up to 
but excluding the date of redemption. 
(d) 
Optional Redemption for Rating Reasons 
If Optional Redemption for Rating Reasons is specified in the relevant Final Terms, if at any time 
the Issuer determines that a Rating Methodology Event (as defined below) has occurred with 
respect to the Notes on or after the Issue Date, subject to Condition 6(i), such Notes will be 
redeemable in whole, but not in part, at any time, at the option of the Issuer having given not more 
than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
accrued interest (including Arrears of Interest) up to but excluding the date of redemption. 
(e) 
Clean-up Call Option 
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 80% of 
the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been purchased or 
redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may at any time, subject to Condition 6(i), at its option but subject 
to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days' irrevocable notice 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent and 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining 
Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date 
set for redemption.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
(f) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
Redemption for gross-up or withholding tax reasons:  
(A) 
Gross-Up Event: If, by reason of any change in French law or any change in the 
official application or interpretation of such law becoming effective after the Issue 
Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest 
due in respect of the Notes, not be able to make such payment without having to 
pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 8(b) below, the Issuer may, 
subject to the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority and Condition 
6(i), on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any 
time, (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) subject to having given not more 
than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date for 
redemption shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of principal or interest without withholding or deduction for 
French taxes. 
(B) 
Withholding Tax Event: If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes be prevented by French law from making payment 
to the Noteholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8(b) below, then the 
Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer 
may, subject to the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority and 
Condition 6(i) and upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar days’ prior notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) on which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided 
that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for 
redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then 
due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) at any time, (if this Note is not 
a Floating Rate Note), provided that the due date for redemption shall be the latest 
practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable 
in respect of the Notes or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(ii) 
Redemption for tax-deductibility reasons:  
Tax Deductibility Event: Subject to the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority 
and Condition 6(i), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set 
for redemption, at any time on giving not less than fifteen (15) and nor more than thirty (30)  
days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, if on 
the date of the next payment due under the Notes, the part of the interest payable by the 
Issuer under the Notes that is tax-deductible is reduced as a result of (a) any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws (other than a change in law which is proposed but not enacted on

--- Page 181 ---
181 
the Issue Date) or regulations of France or any political subdivision of, or any authority in, 
or of, France having power to tax, or (b) any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, and such change or amendment only occurs or 
became effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche 
of the Notes provided that the due date for redemption shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date preceding the effective date on which the part of the interest payable under 
the Notes that is tax-deductible is reduced. Prior to the giving of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (i) a certificate signed 
by a director of the Issuer stating that the part of the interest payable under the Notes that is 
tax-deductible is reduced as aforesaid and that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to such effect. 
(g) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times, subject to Condition 6(i), to purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at 
any price subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. All Notes so purchased by the Issuer 
may be held and resold in accordance with French laws and regulations. 
(h) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation must be cancelled, 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with all 
unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of 
interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). 
Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(i) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase 
Any redemption or purchase of the Notes is subject to the conditions (in addition to others as 
described herein) that (i) the Issuer has obtained the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority, (ii) no Regulatory Deficiency has occurred and is continuing on the date due for 
redemption or purchase and such redemption or purchase would not of itself cause a Regulatory 
Deficiency and (iii) if and to the extent required under the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations 
in order for the Notes to be treated, for the purposes of the determination of the Issuer’s and/or the 
Group’s regulatory capital, as own funds regulatory capital of at least Tier 2 Capital (or, if different, 
whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept by the then Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations) that the Notes would be expected to fall under on or about the Issue Date, no Insolvent 
Insurance Affiliate Winding-up has occurred and is continuing on the date due for redemption or 
purchase. 
Should a Regulatory Deficiency or an Insolvent Insurance Affiliate Winding-up occur after a notice 
for redemption has been given to the Noteholders, such redemption notice shall become 
automatically void and notice of such fact shall be given promptly by the Issuer, in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
Notwithstanding that a Regulatory Deficiency may have occurred and be continuing on the date due 
for redemption or purchase, or if such redemption or purchase would of itself cause a Regulatory

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Deficiency, the Notes may still be redeemed or purchased on such date to the extent permitted under, 
and in accordance with, the Solvency II Directive and the Applicable Supervisory Regulations and 
provided that only in respect of breach of the solvency capital requirement (SCR) of the Issuer 
and/or the Group, all of the following conditions are met: 
(A) 
on or prior to such date, the Prior Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority has 
been exceptionally given with respect to the relevant redemption or purchase of the 
Notes; 
(B) 
the relevant redeemed or purchased Notes are replaced by other own funds regulatory 
capital of at least the same quality; and 
(C) 
the applicable minimum capital requirement (MCR) (or, if different, whatever 
terminology is employed to denote such requirement by the then Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations) is complied with after the relevant redemption or purchase of the Notes has 
been made. 
Notwithstanding that an Insolvent Insurance Affiliate Winding-up may have occurred and be 
continuing on the date due for redemption or purchase, the Notes may still be redeemed or purchased 
on such date to the extent permitted under, and in accordance with, the Solvency II Directive and 
the Applicable Supervisory Regulations and provided that, on or prior to such date, the Prior 
Approval of the Relevant Supervisory Authority has been exceptionally given with respect to the 
relevant redemption or purchase of the Notes. 
The Notes may not be redeemed or purchased pursuant to Conditions 6(d), (e) and (g) above prior 
to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, or, if applicable and to the extent so required by 
applicable laws and regulations, the Issue Date of the last tranche of any further Notes issued by the 
Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 (whichever is the later), unless (but only if and to the extent so 
required or otherwise as provided by the Solvency II Directive and the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations at the time of such redemption or purchase) the relevant redeemed or purchased Notes 
are replaced by other own funds regulatory capital of at least the same quality. 
The Notes may not be redeemed pursuant to Condition 6(c) prior to the fifth anniversary of their 
Issue Date, or, if applicable and to the extent so required by applicable laws and regulations, the 
Issue Date of the last tranche of any further Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 
(whichever is the later), unless (i) (x) the Relevant Supervisory Authority has confirmed to the Issuer 
that it is satisfied that the Solvency Capital Requirement is exceeded by an appropriate margin 
(taking into account the position of the Issuer including the Issuer’s medium-term capital plan) and 
(y) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Supervisory Authority that the 
Regulatory Event was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date and (z) the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority considers such change in the regulatory classification of the Notes to be 
sufficiently certain or (ii) the redemption or purchase has been funded out of the proceeds of a new 
issuance of own-funds capital of the same or higher quality as the Notes, in each case, if required 
pursuant to Solvency II Directive and Applicable Supervisory Regulations. 
The Notes may not be redeemed (A) pursuant to Condition 6(f)(ii) prior to the fifth anniversary of 
their Issue Date, or, if applicable and to the extent so required by applicable laws and regulations, 
the Issue Date of the last tranche of any further Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 
(whichever is the later), and (B) pursuant to Condition 6(f)(i)(A) and (B) prior to the Relevant 
Anniversary Date, unless, :

--- Page 183 ---
183 
(i) to the extent permitted by the Relevant Supervisory Authority, (x) the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority has confirmed to the Issuer that it is satisfied that the Solvency Capital Requirement is 
exceeded by an appropriate margin (taking into account the position of the Issuer including the 
Issuer’s medium-term capital plan) and (y) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Supervisory Authority that the Tax Deductibility Event, the Withholding Tax Event or, as 
the case may be, the Gross-up Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue 
Date or  
(ii) the redemption or purchase has been funded out of the proceeds of a new issuance of own-funds 
capital of the same or higher quality as the Notes,  
in each case, if and, to the extent, required pursuant to Solvency II Directive and Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations. 
(j) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 6, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
“Early Redemption Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
being at least 100 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes; 
“Insolvent Insurance Affiliate Winding-up” means: 
(i) 
the winding-up of any Insurance Undertaking or any Reinsurance Undertaking within the 
Group; or 
(ii) 
the appointment of an administrator of any Insurance Undertaking or any Reinsurance 
Undertaking within the Group, 
in each case, where the Issuer has determined, acting reasonably and in consultation with the 
Relevant Supervisory Authority, that the assets of that Insurance Undertaking or that Reinsurance 
Undertaking within the Group may or will not be sufficient to meet all claims of the policyholders 
pursuant to a contract of insurance of that Insurance Undertaking or contract of reinsurance of that 
Reinsurance Undertaking which is subject to a winding-up or administration process (and for these 
purposes, the claims of policyholders pursuant to a contract of insurance or to a contract of 
reinsurance shall include all amounts to which policyholders are entitled under applicable 
legislation or rules relating to the winding-up of Insurance Undertakings or the winding-up of 
Reinsurance Undertaking that reflect any right to receive or expectation of receiving benefits which 
policyholders may have);  
“Insurance Undertaking” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Solvency II Directive;  
“Rating Agency” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”), S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”), Moody’s France S.A.S. (“Moody’s”), or, any other rating agency 
of equivalent international standing (and their respective successors or affiliates) solicited by the 
Issuer to grant a credit rating to the Issuer; 
“Rating Methodology Event” will be deemed to occur upon a change in the methodology of the 
Rating Agency (as defined above) (or in the interpretation of such methodology) as a result of which 
the equity credit in the capital adequacy assessment assigned by such Rating Agency to the Notes 
is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, materially reduced when compared to the equity credit in 
the capital adequacy assessment assigned by such Rating Agency to the Notes at or around the date

--- Page 184 ---
184 
when the equity credit in the capital adequacy assessment is assigned in the first instance. In this 
definition, equity credit may also refer to any other nomenclature that the Rating Agency may then 
use to describe the contribution of the Notes to capital adequacy in the applicable rating 
methodology; 
“Redemption Alignment Event” will be deemed to have occurred if at any time, the Issuer 
determines, in consultation with the Relevant Supervisory Authority, that the option to redeem the 
Notes from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, or, if applicable and to the extent so required 
by applicable laws and regulations, the Issue Date of the last tranche of any further Notes issued by 
the Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 (whichever is the later), pursuant to Condition 6(f)(i), without 
such redeemed Notes being required to be replaced by other own funds regulatory capital of at least 
the same quality, would not cause the Notes to no longer fulfil the requirements in order to be 
treated, for the purposes of the determination of the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s regulatory capital 
under the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations (including for the purpose of any capital 
requirements of internationally active insurance groups), as own funds regulatory capital of Tier 2 
Capital (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept by the then 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations) that the Notes would be expected to fall under on or about the 
Issue Date, and the Issuer gives notice of such determination to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14;  
“Regulatory Event” will occur if, on or after the Issue Date, the Relevant Supervisory Authority 
has notified the Issuer: 
(i) 
that under the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations, the Notes (in whole or in part) 
would not be treated, for the purposes of the determination of the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s 
regulatory capital (including for the purpose of any capital requirements of internationally 
active insurance groups), as own funds regulatory capital of at least Tier 2 Capital (or, if 
different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such concept by the then Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations); or 
(ii) 
that under the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations, the Notes (in whole or in part) no 
longer fulfil the requirements in order to be treated, for the purposes of the determination of 
the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s regulatory capital (including for the purpose of any capital 
requirements of internationally active insurance groups), as own funds regulatory capital of 
at least Tier 2 Capital (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such 
concept by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations), provided that on the Issue Date, 
the Notes did fulfil the requirements for inclusion in the own funds regulatory capital of the 
Issuer and/or the Group of at least Tier 2 Capital (or, if different, whatever terminology is 
employed to denote such concept by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations), 
except where in the case of each of (i) and (ii), this is merely the result of exceeding any applicable 
limits on the inclusion of such securities in the own funds regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Group of at least Tier 2 Capital (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed to denote such 
concept by the then Applicable Supervisory Regulations), pursuant to the then Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations ; 
“Reinsurance Undertaking” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Solvency II Directive; and 
“Relevant Anniversary Date” means the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Issue Date of the relevant 
Notes, or, if applicable and to the extent so required by applicable laws and regulations, the Issue 
Date of the last tranche of any further Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 
(whichever is the later), provided however that Relevant Anniversary Date shall mean the fifth (5th)

--- Page 185 ---
185 
anniversary of the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, or, if applicable and to the extent so required by 
applicable laws and regulations, the Issue Date of the last tranche of any further Notes issued by the 
Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 (whichever is the later), if a Redemption Alignment Event has 
occurred. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall 
(in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) 
be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account 
Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the 
Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of 
the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, 
subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Materialised 
Notes (in the case of all payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in 
Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), as the 
case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque 
payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an 
account denominated in such currency with, a Bank.  
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of 
such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 8 to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject and 
(ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each such case, do

--- Page 186 ---
186 
not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or 
the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer 
shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the 
Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the 
Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European 
cities (including Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, so long 
as the rules applicable to the relevant Regulated Market so require), (v) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required 
by the applicable rules of any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 13, 
the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and 
Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so 
consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Materialised Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes 
(other than Floating Rate Notes), they should be surrendered for payment together with 
all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face 
value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of 
principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. 
Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender 
of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for the 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 10). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, comprising a Floating Rate 
Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption 
without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the 
provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
Interest accrued on a Materialised Note that only bears interest after its Final Maturity 
Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant 
Materialised Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business 
day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which 
Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in 
the case of a payment in a currency other than euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an 
account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions 
may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in euro), which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation  
(a) 
Withholding Taxes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or 
other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in 
respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature, and provided a Tax Alignment Event has occurred and is continuing, the 
Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall 
result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may 
be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if 
applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon 
by reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding 
of the Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 188 ---
188 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date in 
the case of Materialised Notes: except to the extent that the Noteholder or, if 
applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on or before the thirtieth (30th) 
such day. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice 
is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon being 
made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment 
is in fact made upon such presentation.  
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts 
and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” and/or “other revenues” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition.  
For the purposes of these Conditions a “Tax Alignment Event” will be deemed to have 
occurred if at any time the Issuer determines, in consultation with the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority, that the obligation to pay Additional Amounts would not cause the Notes to no 
longer be treated under Applicable Supervisory Regulations as at least "tier two" own funds 
regulatory capital (or whatever the terminology employed by the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations) and gives notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be in effect until the Issuer revokes a prior given notice by giving notice of such 
fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders). 
9 
Enforcement Events 
There will be no events of default in respect of the Notes. However, in accordance with 
Condition 3(b), in the event that a judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of 
the business of the Issuer (cession totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial 
recovery procedure, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, then the Notes shall become 
immediately due and payable in accordance with Condition 3(b), at their nominal amount together 
with any accrued interest (including Arrears of Interest) to the date of payment. 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in 
the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
in respect of them.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
11 
Representation of Noteholders  
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the “Masse”).  
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de 
commerce subject to the following provisions: 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
“Representative”) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (a 
“Collective Decision”). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the 
common rights, actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative  
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of 
any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent 
Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in 
relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series.  
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, incompatibility, resignation or revocation of 
the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. The 
alternate representative shall have the same powers as the Representative. Another 
Representative may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the 
Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of contrary of the Collective Decision) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests 
of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Collective Decision 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or 
by unanimous consent following a written consultation (the “Written Unanimous 
Decision”) (as further described in Condition 11(f) below).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the

--- Page 190 ---
190 
books of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case 
may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 14. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(e) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of 
the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General 
Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders 
may commission one of them to petition the competent court in Paris to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required.  The decisions of 
the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the 
Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 11(k) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date 
of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior 
to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence or by visioconference or by any other means of telecommunication 
allowing the participation of the Noteholders. Each Note carries the right to one vote. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy 
of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will 
be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the 
relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified 
in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding 
the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar 
day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(f) 
Written Unanimous Decisions  
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be 
taken by a Written Unanimous Decision. 
Such Written Unanimous Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders 
of the relevant Series without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred 
to in Condition 11(e). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a 
resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous 
Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form each

--- Page 191 ---
191 
signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders and shall be published in 
accordance with Condition 11(k). 
(g) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce 
(respectively providing for a prior approval of the General Meeting of the Noteholders of 
any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or of an issue of bonds benefiting 
from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce 
shall not apply to the Notes. 
(h) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decision and, more generally, 
all administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decision, it being expressly 
stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(i) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series 
which have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance 
with Condition 13, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped 
in a single Masse.  
(j) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall 
exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provision of the 
French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the 
sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(k) 
Notice to the Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given 
in accordance with Condition 14(e) below. 
(l) 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not include 
those Notes purchased by the Issuer in accordance with French laws and regulations that 
are held by it and not cancelled. 
12 
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock 
exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from 
time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for

--- Page 192 ---
192 
payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand 
the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or further 
Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single Series 
with the Notes provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or 
identical in all respects save for the Issue Date, Issue Price, the first payment of interest and the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche) and that the terms of such further notes provide for such 
assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. In the 
event that the Issuer shall issue further notes in accordance with the present Condition 13, such that 
the First Call Date of the relevant Series will be deferred, the Issuer will give notice to the 
Noteholders of such deferral in accordance with Condition 14. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, with the prior approval 
of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agents, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date 
occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar days’ 
prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more 
other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies 
or in euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in euro (if not originally 
denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
14 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if 
either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, 
or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, (x) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Echos), or (y) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or 
(z) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of 
the Autorité des marchés financiers and, (b) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, (x) in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to 
trading is located or (y) on the website of any other Regulated Market of the EEA Member State 
where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) 
shall be valid if published, (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (a) 
in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), 
or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) in accordance with Articles 
221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés 
financiers and, (ii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the 
rules of such Regulated Market so require, (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in 
the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located or (b) on

--- Page 193 ---
193 
the website of any other Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted 
to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of 
Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes 
are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by 
Conditions 14(a) and (b) above; except that notices will be published (a) so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF, and (b) so long as the Notes are admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of such Regulated Market(s) so require, on the website of 
any other competent authority or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are 
admitted to trading, or (c) as otherwise provided in applicable laws, regulations or rules. 
(e) 
Notices relating to the convocation of the General Meetings and decision(s) of the Collective 
Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the French 
Code de commerce shall be (i) in the case of holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and (ii) in the case of holders of 
Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case 
they shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) after the mailing. 
15 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons shall be 
brought before any competent court located within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with 
a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited 
with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream 
or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on 
or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
TEFRA C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description 
- Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
TEFRA D rules, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive 
Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, in relation to any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged 
(if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the 
Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance with 
any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the 
Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of forty 
(40) calendar days after its Issue Date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to 
such day pursuant to Condition 13(a) of the Senior Notes, Condition 13(a) of the Tier 3 Notes and Condition 13(a) 
of the Tier 2 Notes, the Exchange Date shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar 
days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of Notes either (i) for general corporate purposes including 
for the financing or the refinancing of its current indebtedness or (ii) for Eligible Green Assets, as defined in the 
relevant Final Terms and described in the Issuer's green framework dated June 2019, as may be amended and 
supplemented from time to time, (the “Framework”), which is available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.cnp.fr/le-groupe-cnp-assurances/investisseurs/notations-et-financement/financements) or (iii) if in 
respect of any particular issue of Notes there is a particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above), 
this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
In relation to Green Notes, the Framework will further describe the above-mentioned projects. The Issuer will apply 
processes for project evaluation and selection, management of proceeds and reporting consistent with guidelines set 
out in the Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital Markets Association (as they may be further 
updated) (the “GBP”).  
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) on the 
Framework, assessing the environmental added value of the Framework and its alignment with the GBP. This Second 
Party Opinion document will be available on Vigeo Eiris’ website (http://www.vigeo-eiris.com) and on the Issuer’s 
website (https://www.cnp.fr/le-groupe-cnp-assurances/investisseurs/notations-et-financement/financements). 
In that context and in relation to Green Notes, and as further described in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will 
allocate the proceeds of the issuance of the Notes, directly or indirectly, to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
Eligible Green Assets as defined in the relevant Final Terms with reference to the relevant Framework or sections 
thereof. 
The Framework will describe, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the reporting and 
the external reviews (second party opinion and verification and external audit) applicable for the relevant Notes. It 
is also specified that the providers of such second party opinion and verification will be independent experts. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers will be, or shall be 
deemed, liable for any issue in connection with its content.  
The use of the proceeds of any issue of Notes as described in (ii) above and the classification of such Notes as Green 
Notes will not affect the status of such Notes in terms of subordination or regulatory treatment.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
DESCRIPTION OF CNP ASSURANCES  
For a general description of the Issuer and the Group, please refer to the sections of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document and the 2021 Half-Year Financial Report referred to in the cross-reference table appearing in section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" above.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
 
 
Press release published on 2 August 2021 - CNP Assurances announces that it has received approval 
from the Brazilian regulator to start operations in the Consórcio segment 
 
CNP Assurances announced on March 31, 2021 the completion of its new twenty-year exclusive distribution 
agreement in the Caixa Econômica Federal (CEF) network, covering the consórcio product1. 
 
This transaction was subject to review by the Brazilian Central Bank (BACEN), which issued its authorisation on 29 
July 2021.  
 
All conditions necessary for the start of operations of the new partnership have been met and the activities of the new 
joint venture will start shortly. 
 
 
 
                                                          
 
1 This product, which to some extent uses the principles of a savings plan and a tontine, allows participants in a group to obtain financing at a 
lower rate than the market rate by lending each other money for a given period of time.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
Press release published on 30 July 2021 - Caisse des Dépôts and CNP Assurances increase their stake 
in GRTgaz 
 
Caisse des Dépôts and CNP Assurances announce the signature of a binding agreement with Engie for the 
acquisition of an additional 11.5% stake in GRTgaz. Following the transaction, the Caisse des Dépôts group 
will own 39% of GRTgaz.  
 
The transaction will be carried out via SIG, a joint investment vehicle of Caisse des Dépôts and CNP Assurances, 
which will also contribute its 17.8% stake in Elengy to GRTgaz, in exchange for new GRTgaz shares. Once 
completed, the Caisse des Dépôts group, which has held a 25% stake in GRTgaz since 2011, will own 39% of the 
company, with Engie and GRTgaz employees holding the remaining 61%. 
 
Operating a network of 32,500 km of pipelines and having transported 640 TWh of gas in 2020, GRTgaz is one of 
Europe's major gas transport players, fulfilling a public service role by ensuring the safe delivery of gas to its 
customers (shippers, distributors, manufacturers, power plants and biomethane producers). With its subsidiaries – 
Elengy, responsible for three of the four French LNG terminals, and GRTgaz Deutschland, operator of Germany's 
MEGAL transport network – the group plays an essential role in the European energy system. 
 
GRTgaz is aiming for a carbon-neutral French gas mix by 2050, while transforming itself to improve its network and 
support the hydrogen and renewable gas sectors, whose growth will require the development of appropriate transport 
infrastructure. The operational excellence of GRTgaz, ensured on a daily basis by its more than 3000 employees, is 
a major asset in the emergence of new means of production and new uses of gas throughout France. 
 
Through this transaction, CNP Assurances and Caisse des Dépôts reaffirm their partnership with Engie as long-term 
public institutional investors in GRTgaz while strengthening their role in the Group’s governance, in order to support 
its development, at a time when gas and associated infrastructure are called upon to play a vital role in the energy 
transformation.  
 
Eric Lombard, CEO of Caisse des Dépôts, says: “The Caisse des Dépôts group is proactive in the ecological 
transition and it is to support that transition that it is stepping up its cooperation with Engie by increasing its 
investment in GRTgaz, in order to accelerate energy diversification and so rapidly fall into line with the targets set 
out in the Paris agreement.” 
 
Stéphane Dedeyan, CEO of CNP Assurances, adds: “With the public consortium formed with Caisse des Dépôts, we 
are delighted to strengthen our ties with Engie and significantly increase our stake in GRTgaz as long-term 
shareholders. This infrastructure represents a strategic asset for CNP Assurances, perfectly in line with the profile 
expected by our policyholders. As a responsible investor, I am also delighted with this investment in infrastructure 
essential to the balance of the French energy mix, as part of a movement towards carbon neutrality.” 
This transaction is due to be finalised by the end of 2021 subject to the usual authorisations.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of the Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 10 September 2021 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous 
basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its 
own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at 
prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer(s). The Notes may also be sold 
by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be 
issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a non-exempt offer of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented, warranted and agreed that Materialised Notes may only be issued 
outside of France. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed 
by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and/or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (“Corporations 
Act”)) in relation to the Programme or any Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission (“ASIC”). Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it: 
a. 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not invited, and will not 
invite, applications for issue, or offers to purchase, the Notes in, to or from Australia (including an offer or 
invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
b. has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any information memorandum, 
advertisement or other offering material relating to the debt instruments in Australia, 
unless (1) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least AS500,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does 
not require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act, (2) the offer or 
invitation is not made to a person who is a “retail client” within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations 
Act, (3) such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives in Australia (including, without 
limitation, the licensing requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act), and (4) such action does not 
require any document to be lodged with ASIC. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
has represented and agreed that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force 
regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or 
any other offering material relating to the Notes.  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act), except pursuant to an exemption from, or in transactions not subject to, the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that: 
(i) 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable 
Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and  
(ii) 
it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration 
that purchases Notes from it during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act if such an offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. 
Distribution of this Base Prospectus to any person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without 
prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such person within the United States is prohibited. 
Any person who subscribes or acquires Notes will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, by accepting 
delivery of this Base Prospectus or delivery of the Notes, that it is subscribing or acquiring the Notes in compliance 
with Rule 903 of Regulation S in an “offshore transaction” as defined in Regulation S, or pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements, and Issuer 
and Dealer have agreed that they may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or 
to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and regulations 
thereunder. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed 
by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
 
For the purposes of this provision,  
 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); and/or 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year from the date of issue, (a) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21 (1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell the 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of 
the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275 (1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 
of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision 
of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor; or  
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within

--- Page 203 ---
203 
six (6) months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 
of the SFA except:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or where such transfer to any person arises from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;   
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. The 
Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial 
Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise 
made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Canada  
Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes except to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the 
Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance 
with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed 
by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable 
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult 
with a legal advisor.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
TAXATION 
The following is an overview of certain withholding tax consequences that may be relevant to Noteholders who do 
not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. This overview is based on the laws and/or interpretation thereof in force 
in France as of the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and/or interpretation thereof 
(potentially with a retroactive effect). It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, hold or dispose of the Notes. Each prospective 
holder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax advisor as to the tax consequences of any investment in or 
ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
Payments of interest and other revenues made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes will not be subject to the 
withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts unless such payments are made 
outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of Article 
238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a “Non-Cooperative State”) other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 
bis of the same Article 238-0 A. If such payments under the Notes are made outside France in a Non-Cooperative 
State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts, a 75 per 
cent. withholding tax will be applicable (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an 
applicable tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts. The 75 per cent. 
withholding tax is applicable irrespective of the tax residence of the Noteholder. The list of Non-Cooperative States 
is published by a ministerial executive order, which is updated on a yearly basis.  
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other revenues on such 
Notes are not deductible from the Issuer's taxable income if they are paid or accrued to persons domiciled or 
established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an account held with a financial institution established in a Non-
Cooperative State (the “Deductibility Exclusion”). Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and 
other revenues may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code 
général des impôts, in which case such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be subject to the withholding 
tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts, at (i) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for payments 
benefiting individuals who are not French tax residents, (ii) the standard corporate income tax rate set forth in the 
first sentence of the second paragraph of Article 219-I of the French Code général des impôts (e.g. 26.5 per cent. for 
fiscal years beginning as from 1 January 2021) for payments benefiting legal persons who are not French tax residents 
or (iii) a rate of 75 per cent. for payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned 
in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the more 
favourable provisions of an applicable tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax provided by Article 125 A III of the French 
Code général des impôts nor, to the extent the relevant interest and other revenues relate to genuine transactions and 
are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the Deductibility Exclusion (or the withholding tax set out under 
Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts that may be levied as a result of the Deductibility Exclusion) 
will apply in respect of an issue of Notes provided that the Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such 
issue of Notes were not that of allowing the payments of interest and other revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative 
State (the “Exception”). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques - Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30, 
no. 150 dated 24 February 2021 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20, no. 290 dated 24 February 2021, an issue of Notes will 
benefit from the Exception without the Issuer having to provide evidence supporting the purpose and effect of such 
issue of Notes, if such Notes are: 
 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State 
other than in a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an “equivalent offer” means any offer requiring 
the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market authority; and/or

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system provided 
that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such market is 
carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider or any other similar foreign entity, 
provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not located in a Non-
Cooperative State; and/or  
 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery and 
payment systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or operator is not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French 
Code général des impôts, subject to certain exceptions, interest and assimilated revenues received by individuals 
who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. withholding tax, which 
is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been made. 
Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of withholding at an aggregate rate of 
17.2 per cent. on such interest and assimilated revenues received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled 
(domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject to certain exceptions.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST EURO 100,000 
TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A EU REGULATED MARKET 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018, as determined by the manufacturer(s), 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]1 
2[3UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), as determined by the manufacturer(s), has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients only, each as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “IDD”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
                                                          
 
1 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
2 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
3  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
CNP ASSURANCES 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500QKVPV2H8UXM738 
SERIES NO: [•] 
TRANCHE NO: [•] 
Issue of [Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
Under the Euro 7,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 209 ---
209 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 September 2021 which received approval number no. 21-391 on 10 September 2021 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] which 
received approval number no. [] on [] from the AMF] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on 
the website of the Issuer (http://www.cnp.fr/Analyste-investisseur), on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated []].  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 September 2021 which received approval number no. 21-391 on 10 September 2021 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] which 
received approval number no. [] on [] from the AMF] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted 
from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] dated [] and are 
attached hereto, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the Issuer (http://www.cnp.fr/Analyste-
investisseur), on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).] 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs 
of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
(1) 
 
Issuer: 
CNP Assurances 
(2) 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilées) and form a single 
series with the existing [insert description 
of the Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert 
date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the 
date of assimilation which is expected to be 
on or about 40 calendar days after the Issue 
Date (the “Assimilation Date”).]

--- Page 210 ---
210 
(3) 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]1 
(4) 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
(5) 
 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
(6) 
 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
(one 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Notes)2 
(7) 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(8) 
 
Maturity Date: 
[] [specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
(9) 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[] per cent. Resettable Rate] 
[specify particular reference rate] +/- [] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate Notes] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
(10) 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per 
cent. of their nominal amount. 
(11) 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable (for Fixed / Floating Rate 
Notes in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 5(d))/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate or floating to fixed rate change occurs 
or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below 
and identify there] 
                                                          
 
1  Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Notes shall be made 
in euros (according to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil). 
2  Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year from the date of 
issue must (a) have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to “professional investors” 
(or another applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available) and (b) provide that no part of any such Note may be 
transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than £100,000 (or such equivalent amount).

--- Page 211 ---
211 
(12) 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
(13) 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
 
Senior Notes 
 
(ii) 
Date[s] of the corporate authorisation[s] for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[Decision of the Conseil d’Administration 
of CNP Assurances dated [•] deciding the 
issue of the Notes] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
(14) 
 
Fixed Rate Note and Resettable Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/ 
other 
(specify)] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [commencing on [] and 
ending on [] [[the Maturity Date]/[]] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
[] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) Broken Amounts: 
[] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates (Condition 5(a)): 
[[] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert 
regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring 
Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a 
long or short first or last Coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA)]

--- Page 212 ---
212 
(b) 
Resettable Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest:  
[] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other] in 
[arrear/advance]] 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[[+/-] [] per cent. per annum]3 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-] [] per cent. per annum]4 
(iv) 
Resettable Note Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year commencing on [] and 
ending on [] 
(v) 
First Resettable Note Reset Date: 
[] 
(vi) 
Second Resettable Note Reset Date: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis] 
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA) 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
(xi) 
Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Dates: 
[] 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate] 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[] 
(xiv) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate  
[] 
(xv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum]5 
(xvi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable][[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xvii) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
                                                          
 
3 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero. 
4 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero. 
5 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
(15) 
 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph). 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] in each year [subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[] 
(Not Applicable unless different from 
Interest Payment Date) 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
 
(ix) Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[]  
 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[] 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify 
city] for [specify currency] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page:  
[]  
 
- Reference Banks (when the Relevant Screen 
Page is not available): 
 
[] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[[] (only applicable for CMS Rate) / Not 
Applicable] 
 
[- Reference Currency: 
[]] 
 
[- Relevant Swap Rate: 
[]]

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- Floating Rate (Taux variable): 
[] 
 
- Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[] 
 
(xi) ISDA Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- ISDA Definitions 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be 
selected before their effective date of 4 
October 2021) 
 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(xii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable / The Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall 
be 
calculated 
using 
Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[0.00 per cent.]/[[] per cent. per annum 
(such rate to be higher than 0.00 per cent.)]] 
 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis] 
(16) 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(g)(i)):  
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis]

--- Page 215 ---
215 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(17) 
 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Call Option Date:  
[] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period6:  
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(18) 
 
Clean-up Call Option (Condition 6(c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) Early Redemption Amount 
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] 
 
(ii) Notice period7: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(19) 
 
Make-Whole Redemption: (Condition 6(e)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period:8 
[] 
 
(ii) Redemption Margin: 
[] per annum 
 
(iii) Redemption Rate: 
[Reference Dealer Quotation/Reference 
Screen Rate] 
 
(iv) Reference Security: 
[] 
 
(v) Reference Dealers: 
[] 
 
(vi) Calculation Agent: 
[] 
 
(vii) If redeemable in part: 
- Minimum Redemption Amount: 
- Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
[[] per Specified Denomination]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[[] per Specified Denomination]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(20) 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
                                                          
 
6  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
7    If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
8  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
- Minimum Redemption Amount: 
- Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
[[] per Specified Denomination]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[[] per Specified Denomination]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) Notice period9: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(21) 
 
Put Option 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note: 
(iii) Notice period10: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
[] 
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(22) 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[] per Note [of [] Specified 
Denomination]] 
(23) 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons (Condition 6(h)), for 
illegality (Condition 6(k)) or for an event of default 
(Condition 9): 
 
[[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
(24) 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/ Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer 
form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if 
Applicable 
specify 
whether] [bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur) 
/ 
administered 
registered 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif 
administré) / fully registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif pur)] 
                                                          
 
9  If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
10 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable][/if Applicable 
give name and details] (Note that a 
Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to fully registered Dematerialised 
Notes only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate exchangeable for Definitive 
Materialised Notes on [•] (the “Exchange 
Date”), being 40 calendar days after the 
Issue Date subject to postponement as 
provided 
in 
the 
Temporary 
Global 
Certificate] 
 
(iv) [Exclusion 
of 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification of the Noteholders as provided by 
Condition 1(a): 
Applicable] 
(25) 
 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/Give details]. (Note that 
this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph, 
14(ii) and (15(vi) relate) 
(26) 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
(27) 
  
Redenomination, provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition 1(d)] apply] 
(28) 
 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition 13(b)] apply] 
(29) 
 
Masse (Condition 11):  
[[Name and address of the Representative: 
[]] 
[Name and address of the alternate 
Representative: []] 
 
[The Representative 
will receive no 
remuneration/The 
Representative 
will 
receive a remuneration of []] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, 
insert the wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole 
Noteholder and unless a Representative has 
been appointed for such Series, it shall 
exercise all rights and obligations assigned 
by law to the Representative and the general

--- Page 218 ---
218 
meeting 
of 
the 
Noteholders. 
A 
Representative will be appointed as soon as 
the Notes are held by several Noteholders.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of CNP Assurances: 
      Duly authorised by:

--- Page 219 ---
219 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] [specify other relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris] [specify other relevant regulated market]] 
with effect from [].] [Not Applicable.]  
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated/The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]: [].] 
[[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited]: []] 
[[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited]: []] 
[[Moody’s France S.A.S.]: []] 
[Other: []] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the 
type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)  
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation (Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”)]. 
As 
such, 
[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies][is/are] included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 220 ---
220 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended).]] 
[[Insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not established in the 
United Kingdom and [is][are] not registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”). The rating[s] of the Notes issued by [insert 
name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [has][have] been endorsed by [insert 
name of relevant UK CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and [has][have] not been withdrawn. As such, the rating[s] 
issued by [insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation.]11  
[Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the [issue/offer], 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
[“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] [and save for any fees of [insert relevant fee disclosure] 
payable to the Dealers] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer.”] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/979.)]] 
                                                          
 
11 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the notes issued by the EEA CRA 
are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
4. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS  
 
Use of proceeds: 
 
 
[General corporate purposes]/[The Notes constitute [Green Notes]/[•] 
and an amount equal to the net proceeds will be used to finance and/or 
refinance in whole or in part one or more of the projects included in the 
Eligible Green Assets pursuant to the Framework which is available on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.cnp.fr/le-groupe-cnp-
assurances/investisseurs/notations-et-financement/financements) and 
described below: 
 
[Describe specific projects included in the Eligible Green Assets and/or 
availability of Second Party Opinion and any relevant third party 
opinions and/or where the information can be obtained]] 
 
Estimated 
net 
amount 
of 
proceeds: 
[] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out 
and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[]. 
The yield is calculated as at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES 
[Not Applicable]  
[Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/[]] rates can be obtained 
from, [but not] free of charge, [Reuters/other, give details of electronic 
means of obtaining the details of performance].  
[Benchmarks: 
 
[As provided in section “General Information” of the Base 
Prospectus/Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/[]] which is provided by []. [As 
at [], [] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).] [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). [As at 
[●], [●] appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the 
United Kingdom.]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[]

--- Page 222 ---
222 
CFI 
[[] / Not Applicable] 
FISN 
[[] / Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable") 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking 
S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers) 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the 
Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes; [TEFRA C applies 
/ TEFRA D applies / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 223 ---
223 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE TIER 3 NOTES 
FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST 
EURO 100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A EU REGULATED MARKET 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018, as determined by the manufacturer(s), 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]12 
13[14UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), as determined by the manufacturer(s), has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients only, each as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “IDD”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
                                                          
 
12 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
13 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
14  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
CNP ASSURANCES 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500QKVPV2H8UXM738 
SERIES NO: [•] 
TRANCHE NO: [•] 
Issue of [Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
Under the Euro 7,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 226 ---
226 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 September 2021 which received approval number no. 21-391 on 10 September 2021 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] which 
received approval number no. [] on [] from the AMF] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on 
the website of the Issuer (http://www.cnp.fr/Analyste-investisseur), on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated []].  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 September 2021 which received approval number no. 21-391 on 10 September 2021 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] which 
received approval number no. [] on [] from the AMF] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted 
from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] dated [] and are 
attached hereto, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the Issuer (http://www.cnp.fr/Analyste-
investisseur), on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).] 
 [Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs 
of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
(1) 
 
Issuer: 
CNP Assurances 
(2) 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilées) and form a single 
series with the existing [insert description 
of the Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert 
date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the 
date of assimilation which is expected to be 
on or about 40 calendar days after the Issue 
Date (the “Assimilation Date”).]

--- Page 227 ---
227 
(3) 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]1 
(4) 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
(5) 
 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
(6) 
 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
(one 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Notes)2 
(7) 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(8) 
 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[[] [specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year]/Not 
Applicable] 
(9) 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[] per cent. Resettable Rate] 
[specify particular reference rate] +/- [] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate Notes] 
(further particulars specified below) 
(10) 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
(11) 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable (for Fixed / Floating Rate 
Notes in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 5(d))/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate or floating to fixed rate change occurs 
or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below 
and identify there] 
                                                          
 
1  Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Notes shall be made 
in euros (according to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil). 
2  Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year from the date of 
issue must (a) have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to “professional investors” 
(or another applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available) and (b) provide that no part of any such Note may be 
transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than £100,000 (or such equivalent amount).

--- Page 228 ---
228 
(12) 
 
Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Optional Redemption from the First Call 
Date] 
[Optional Redemption for Regulatory 
Reasons] 
[Optional Redemption for Rating Reasons] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
(13) 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior Subordinated Notes (Tier 3) 
 
(ii) 
Date[s] of the corporate authorisation[s] for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[Decision of the Conseil d’Administration 
of CNP Assurances dated [•] deciding the 
issue of the Notes] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
(14) 
 
Fixed Rate Note and Resettable Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/ 
other 
(specify)] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [commencing on [] and 
ending on [] [[the Scheduled Maturity 
Date]/[]] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
[] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) Broken Amounts: 
[] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis]

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
(vi) Determination Dates (Condition 5(a)): 
[[] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert 
regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring 
Issue Date or Scheduled Maturity Date in 
the case of a long or short first or last 
Coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)] 
(b) 
Resettable Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other] in 
[arrear/advance]] 
(ii) 
Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate] [Benchmark Gilt Rate] 
[Reference Bond Rate] [CMT Rate] 
(iii) 
First Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum]3 
(iv) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum]4 
(v) 
Resettable Note Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year commencing on [●] and 
ending on [●] 
(vi) 
First Resettable Note Reset Date: 
[] 
(vii) 
Second Resettable Note Reset Date: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis] 
(ix) 
Determination Date(s): 
[] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA) 
(x) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(xi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
(xii) 
Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Dates: 
[] 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate] 
(xiv) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[] 
                                                          
 
3 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero. 
4 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
(xv) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate  
[] 
(xvi) 
Reference Bond: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Benchmark Gilt:  
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(xviii) 
U.S. Treasury Original Maturity:  
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum]5 
(xx) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable][[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xxi) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
(15) 
 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph). 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] in each year [subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[] 
(Not Applicable unless different from 
Interest Payment Date) 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
 
(ix) Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[][/see CMS Rate combination formula 
below] 
                                                          
 
5 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
- CMS Rate combination formula: 
[Not Applicable]  
[m x CMS Rate[specify maturity] + n x 
CMS Rate[specify maturity]] 
[m x CMS Rate[specify maturity] - n x CMS 
Rate[specify maturity]] 
[m x CMS Rate[specify maturity] x n x 
CMS Rate[specify maturity]] 
 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[] 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify 
city] for [specify currency] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page:  
[]  
 
- Reference Banks (when the Relevant Screen 
Page is not available): 
[] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[[] (only applicable for CMS Rate) / Not 
Applicable] 
 
[- Reference Currency: 
[]] 
 
[- Relevant Swap Rate: 
[]] 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- Floating Rate (Taux variable): 
[] 
 
- Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[] 
 
(xi) ISDA Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be 
selected before their effective date of 4 
October 2021) 
 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[]

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
(xii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable / The Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall 
be 
calculated 
using 
Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[0.00 per cent.]/[[] per cent. per annum 
(such rate to be higher than 0.00 per cent.)]] 
 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(16) 
 
Optional Redemption from the First Call Date 
(Condition 6(b)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
First Call Date: 
(ii) First Call Period: 
[] 
[Not Applicable] / [] (If Applicable, 
specify the length of the First Call Period) 
 
(iii) Early Redemption Amount: 
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] 
 
(iv) Notice period6: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(17) 
 
Optional Redemption for Regulatory Reasons 
(Condition 6(c)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount 
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] 
(18) 
 
Optional Redemption for Rating Reasons (Condition 
6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount 
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] 
                                                          
 
6  If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
(19) 
 
Clean-up Call Option (Condition 6(e)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount 
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] 
 
(ii)  Notice period7: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(20) 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[] per Note [of [] Specified 
Denomination]] 
(21) 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons (Condition 6(f)) : 
 
[[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
(22) 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/ Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer 
form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if 
Applicable 
specify 
whether] [bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur) 
/ 
administered 
registered 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif 
administré) / fully registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable][/if Applicable 
give name and details] (Note that a 
Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to fully registered Dematerialised 
Notes only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate exchangeable for Definitive 
Materialised Notes on [•] (the “Exchange 
Date”), being 40 calendar days after the 
Issue Date subject to postponement as 
provided 
in 
the 
Temporary 
Global 
Certificate] 
 
(iv) [Exclusion 
of 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification of the Noteholders as provided by 
Condition 1(a): 
Applicable] 
                                                          
 
7  If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
(23) 
 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/Give details]. (Note that 
this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph, 
14(ii) and (15(vi) relate) 
(24) 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
(25) 
  
Redenomination, provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition 1(d)] apply] 
(26) 
 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition 13(b)] apply] 
(27) 
 
Masse (Condition 11):  
[[Name and address of the Representative: 
[]] 
[Name and address of the alternate 
Representative: []] 
 
[The Representative 
will receive no 
remuneration/The 
Representative 
will 
receive a remuneration of []] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, 
insert the wording below: 
 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole 
Noteholder and unless a Representative has 
been appointed for such Series, it shall 
exercise all rights and obligations assigned 
by law to the Representative and the general 
meeting 
of 
the 
Noteholders. 
A 
Representative will be appointed as soon as 
the Notes are held by several Noteholders.] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of CNP Assurances: 
Duly authorised by:

--- Page 235 ---
235 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] [specify other relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris] [specify other relevant regulated market]] 
with effect from [].] [Not Applicable.]  
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated/The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]: [].] 
[[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited]: []] 
[[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited]: []] 
[[Moody’s France S.A.S.]: []] 
[Other: []] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the 
type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)  
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation (Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”)]. 
As 
such, 
[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies][is/are] included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 236 ---
236 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended).]] 
[[Insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not established in the 
United Kingdom and [is][are] not registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”). The rating[s] of the Notes issued by [insert 
name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [has][have] been endorsed by [insert 
name of relevant UK CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and [has][have] not been withdrawn. As such, the rating[s] 
issued by [insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation.]8  
[Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the [issue/offer], 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
[“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] [and save for any fees of [insert relevant fee disclosure] 
payable to the Dealers] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer.”] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/979.)]] 
4. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS  
Use of proceeds: 
 
 
General corporate purposes]/[The Notes constitute [Green Notes]/[•] 
and an amount equal to the net proceeds will be used to finance and/or 
refinance in whole or in part one or more of the projects included in the 
Eligible Green Assets pursuant to the Framework which is available on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.cnp.fr/le-groupe-cnp-
assurances/investisseurs/notations-et-financement/financements) and 
described below: 
 
[Describe specific projects included in the Eligible Green Assets and/or 
availability of Second Party Opinion and any relevant third party 
opinions and/or where the information can be obtained]] 
 
                                                          
 
8 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the notes issued by the EEA CRA 
are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out 
and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes Resettable Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[]. 
The yield is calculated as at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES 
[Not Applicable]  
[Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/[]] rates can be obtained 
from, [but not] free of charge, [Reuters/other], give details of 
electronic means of obtaining the details of performance.  
[Benchmarks: 
 
[As provided in section “General Information” of the Base 
Prospectus/Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/[]] which is provided by []. [As 
at [], [] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).] [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). [As at 
[●], [●] appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the 
United Kingdom.]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
CFI 
[[] / Not Applicable] 
FISN 
[[] / Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable") 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
 
[Yes/No]

--- Page 238 ---
238 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking 
S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers) 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Manager: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the 
Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes; [TEFRA C applies 
/ TEFRA D applies / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 239 ---
239 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE TIER 2 NOTES 
FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST EURO 100,000 
TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A EU REGULATED MARKET 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018, as determined by the manufacturer(s), 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]9 
 
10[11UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[‘s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), as determined by the manufacturer(s), has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients only, each as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market12] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “IDD”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
                                                          
 
9 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
10 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
11  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
12 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following 
lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."

--- Page 240 ---
240 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
CNP ASSURANCES 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500QKVPV2H8UXM738 
SERIES NO: [•] 
TRANCHE NO: [•] 
Issue of [Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
Under the Euro 7,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 242 ---
242 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 September 2021 which received approval number no. 21-391 on 10 September 2021 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] which 
received approval number no. [] on [] from the AMF] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on 
the website of the Issuer (http://www.cnp.fr/Analyste-investisseur), on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated []].  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 September 2021 which received approval number no. 21-391 on 10 September 2021 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] which 
received approval number no. [] on [] from the AMF] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted 
from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] dated [] and are 
attached hereto, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the Issuer (http://www.cnp.fr/Analyste-
investisseur), on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).] 
 [Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs 
of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
(1) 
 
Issuer: 
CNP Assurances 
(2) 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilées) and form a single 
series with the existing [insert description 
of the Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert 
date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the 
date of assimilation which is expected to be 
on or about 40 calendar days after the Issue 
Date (the “Assimilation Date”).]

--- Page 243 ---
243 
(3) 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]1 
(4) 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
(5) 
 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
(6) 
 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
(one 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Notes)2 
(7) 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(8) 
 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[[] [specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year]/Not 
Applicable] 
(9) 
 
(i) 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[] per cent. Resettable Rate] 
[specify particular reference rate] +/- [] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate Notes] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
(ii) 
Deferral of Interest: 
 
 
- Optional Interest Payment Dates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- Look-Back Period: 
[Indicate relevant period] / [Not Applicable] 
(10) 
 
Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation 
or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount./ 
Not Applicable] 
                                                          
 
1  Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Notes shall be made 
in euros (according to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil). 
2  Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year from the date of 
issue must (a) have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to “professional investors” 
(or another applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available) and (b) provide that no part of any such Note may be 
transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than £100,000 (or such equivalent amount).

--- Page 244 ---
244 
(11) 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable (for Fixed / Floating Rate 
Notes in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 5(d))/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate or floating to fixed rate change occurs 
or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below 
and identify there] 
(12) 
 
Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Optional Redemption from the First Call 
Date] 
[Optional Redemption for Regulatory 
Reasons] 
[Optional Redemption for Rating Reasons] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
(13) 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Ordinary Subordinated Notes (Tier 2) 
 
(ii) 
Date[s] of the corporate authorisation[s] for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[Decision of the Conseil d’Administration 
of CNP Assurances dated [•] deciding the 
issue of the Notes] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
(14) 
 
Fixed Rate Note and Resettable Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/ 
other 
(specify)] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [commencing on [] and 
ending on [] [[the Scheduled Maturity 
Date]/[]] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
[] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) Broken Amounts: 
[] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis)]

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
(vi) Determination Dates (Condition 5(a)): 
[[] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert 
regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring 
Issue Date or Scheduled Maturity Date in 
the case of a long or short first or last 
Coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)] 
 
(b) 
Resettable Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other] in 
[arrear/advance]] 
(ii) 
Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate] [Benchmark Gilt Rate] 
[Reference Bond Rate] [CMT Rate] 
(iii) 
First Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum]3 
(iv) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum]4 
(v) 
Resettable Note Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year commencing on [●] and 
ending on [●] 
(vi) 
First Resettable Note Reset Date: 
[] 
(vii) 
Second Resettable Note Reset Date: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual / 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis] 
(ix) 
Determination Date(s): 
[] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA) 
(x) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(xi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
(xii) 
Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Dates: 
[] 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate] 
(xiv) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[] 
                                                          
 
3 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero. 
4 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
(xv) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate  
[] 
(xvi) 
Reference Bond: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Benchmark Gilt:  
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(xviii) 
U.S. Treasury Original Maturity:  
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum]5 
(xx) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable][[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xxi) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
(15) 
 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph). 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] in each year [subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[] 
(Not Applicable unless different from 
Interest Payment Date) 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
 
(ix) Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[][/see CMS Rate combination formula 
below] 
                                                          
 
5 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
- CMS Rate combination formula: 
[Not Applicable] 
[m x CMS Rate[specify maturity] + n x 
CMS Rate[specify maturity]] 
[m x CMS Rate[specify maturity] - n x CMS 
Rate[specify maturity]] 
[m x CMS Rate[specify maturity] x n x 
CMS Rate[specify maturity]] 
 
- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[] 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify 
city] for [specify currency] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page:  
[]  
 
- Reference Banks (when the Relevant Screen 
Page is not available): 
 
[] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[[] (only applicable for CMS Rate) / Not 
Applicable] 
 
[- Reference Currency: 
[]] 
 
[- Relevant Swap Rate: 
[]] 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- Floating Rate (Taux variable): 
[] 
 
- Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[] 
 
(xi) ISDA Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be 
selected before their effective date of 4 
October 2021) 
 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[]

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
(xii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable / The Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall 
be 
calculated 
using 
Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[0.00 per cent.]/[[] per cent. per annum 
(such rate to be higher than 0.00 per cent.)]] 
 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(16) 
 
Optional Redemption from the First Call Date 
(Condition 6(b)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
First Call Date: 
(ii) First Call Period: 
[] 
[Not Applicable] / [] (If Applicable, 
specify the length of the First Call Period) 
 
(iii) Early Redemption Amount: 
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] 
 
(iv) Notice period6: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(17) 
 
Optional Redemption for Regulatory Reasons 
(Condition 6(c)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Early Redemption Amount 
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] 
(18) 
 
Optional Redemption for Rating Reasons (Condition 
6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Early Redemption Amount 
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] 
                                                          
 
6  If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
(19) 
 
Clean-up Call Option (Condition 6(e)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Early Redemption Amount 
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] 
 
(ii)   Notice period7: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(20) 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[] per Note [of [] Specified 
Denomination]] 
(21) 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons (Condition 
6(f)): 
 
[[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
(22) 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/ Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer 
form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if 
Applicable 
specify 
whether] [bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur) 
/ 
administered 
registered 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif 
administré) / fully registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable][/if Applicable 
give name and details] (Note that a 
Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to fully registered Dematerialised 
Notes only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate exchangeable for Definitive 
Materialised Notes on [•] (the “Exchange 
Date”), being 40 calendar days after the 
Issue Date subject to postponement as 
provided 
in 
the 
Temporary 
Global 
Certificate] 
 
(iv) [Exclusion 
of 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification of the Noteholders as provided by 
Condition 1(a): 
Applicable] 
                                                          
 
7  If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
(23) 
 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/Give details]. (Note that 
this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph, 
14(ii) and (15(vi) relate) 
(24) 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
(25) 
  
Redenomination, provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition 1(d)] apply] 
(26) 
 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition 13(b)] apply] 
(27) 
 
Masse (Condition 11):  
[[Name and address of the Representative: 
[]] 
[Name and address of the alternate 
Representative: []] 
[The Representative 
will receive no 
remuneration/The 
Representative 
will 
receive a remuneration of []] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, 
insert the wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole 
Noteholder and unless a Representative has 
been appointed for such Series, it shall 
exercise all rights and obligations assigned 
by law to the Representative and the general 
meeting 
of 
the 
Noteholders. 
A 
Representative will be appointed as soon as 
the Notes are held by several Noteholders.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of CNP Assurances: 
Duly authorised by:

--- Page 251 ---
251 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] [specify other relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris] [specify other relevant regulated market]] 
with effect from [].] [Not Applicable.]  
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated/The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]: [].] 
[[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited]: []] 
[[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited]: []] 
[[Moody’s France S.A.S.]: []] 
[Other: []] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the 
type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)  
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation (Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”)]. 
As 
such, 
[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies][is/are] included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 252 ---
252 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended).]] 
[[Insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not established in the 
United Kingdom and [is][are] not registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”). The rating[s] of the Notes issued by [insert 
name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [has][have] been endorsed by [insert 
name of relevant UK CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and [has][have] not been withdrawn. As such, the rating[s] 
issued by [insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation.]8  
[Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the [issue/offer], 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
[“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] [and save for any fees of [insert relevant fee disclosure] 
payable to the Dealers] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer.”] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/979.)]] 
4. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS  
Use of proceeds: 
 
 
[General corporate purposes]/[The Notes constitute [Green Notes]/[•] 
and an amount equal to the net proceeds will be used to finance and/or 
refinance in whole or in part one or more of the projects included in the 
Eligible Green Assets pursuant to the Framework which is available on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.cnp.fr/le-groupe-cnp-
assurances/investisseurs/notations-et-financement/financements) and 
described below: 
 
[Describe specific projects included in the Eligible Green Assets and/or 
availability of Second Party Opinion and any relevant third party 
opinions and/or where the information can be obtained]] 
 
                                                          
 
8 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the notes issued by the EEA CRA 
are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out 
and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes Resettable Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
The yield is calculated as at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES 
[Not Applicable]  
[Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/[]] rates can be obtained 
from, [but not] free of charge, [Reuters/other], give details of 
electronic means of obtaining the details of performance.  
[Benchmarks: 
 
[As provided in section “General Information” of the Base 
Prospectus/Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/[]] which is provided by []. [As 
at [], [] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).] [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). [As at 
[●], [●] appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the 
United Kingdom.]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
CFI 
[[] / Not Applicable] 
FISN 
[[] / Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable") 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
 
[Yes/No]

--- Page 254 ---
254 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking 
S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers) 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Manager: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the 
Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes; [TEFRA C applies 
/ TEFRA D applies / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 255 ---
255 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
Approval and admission to trading  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus received the approval number no. 21-391 on 10 September 2021 from the AMF and 
is valid until 10 September 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to admit the Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to trading on Euronext Paris. 
In compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, application may also be made at the Issuer’s 
request for the notification of certificate of approval to any other competent authority of any other EEA State 
in order for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in such 
State. 
2 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other approvals, authorisations and consents in the 
Republic of France in connection with the update of the Programme. Any issuance of Notes under the 
Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute bonds (obligations) under French law, require the prior 
authorisation of the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer in accordance with Article 
L.228-40 of the French Code de commerce.  
3 
No Significant change in the financial position or financial performance 
Except as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, [including in the section entitled "Recent Developments" of this 
Base Prospectus,] there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of 
the Issuer or of the Group since 30 June 2021. 
4 
No Material adverse change 
Except as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, [including in the section entitled "Recent Developments" of this 
Base Prospectus,] there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 
31 December 2020. 
5 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Except as disclosed or incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (page 387 of the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document), neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings that may have, or have had during twelve (12) months preceding the date of 
this document, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer, or the Group nor is 
the Issuer aware that any such proceedings are pending or threatened.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
6 
Materialised Notes 
Where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon and 
Talon will bear the following legend: “ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS 
OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX 
LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED”. 
7 
Clearing 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems. The Common Code, 
the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number 
for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.  
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed with the Registration 
Agent. The address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could 
result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
9 
Documents available 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will 
be available on the website of the Issuer (https://www.cnp.fr/le-groupe-cnp-assurances): 
 
(i) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements by any expert at the Issuer's 
request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
For so long as Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the EEA, the documents listed in (i) 
and (ii) below will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the documents listed 
in (i) to (iii) below on the website of the Issuer (http://www.cnp.fr/Analyste-investisseur) and www.info-
financiere.fr: 
(i) 
a copy of the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or in any 
Member State of the EEA so long as such Notes are outstanding; 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
10 
Statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit at 63, rue de Villiers 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex, France, and Mazars at 
61, rue Henri Regnault 92400 Courbevoie, France (both entities regulated by the Haut Conseil du 
Commissariat aux Comptes, duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes and members of the Compagnie 
Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles) have audited and rendered an audit report on the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020 and have rendered an unqualified limited review report on the unaudited consolidated 
interim financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2021.  
11 
Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date 
(as defined in the Final Terms) of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
12 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”), the 
Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) 
calendar days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
13 
Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“Euro”, “EUR” and “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European 
Union which was introduced on 1st January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and 
“Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. dollars” 
are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and 
“Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to “Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of 
Switzerland, and references to “A$” or “Australian dollars” are to the lawful currency of the 
Commonwealth of Australia. 
14 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
All or some of the Dealers and, as the case may be, the calculation agent and their respective affiliates 
(including their parent companies) have and/or may in the future engage, in investment banking, commercial 
banking and/or other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in 
relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group. They have or may, in the ordinary course of their 
business, (i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include 
prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters 
in connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (iii) act as 
financial advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, certain

--- Page 258 ---
258 
of such Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where applicable, 
they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and 
the Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as calculation agent), including with respect to certain 
discretionary determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
15 
Benchmarks 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, CMS Rate or CMS 
Rate combination formula, as specified in the relevant Final Terms and are respectively provided by the 
European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("ICE"). As at 
the date hereof, the EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions of Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply such that ICE is not currently 
required to obtain recognition, endorsement or equivalence. The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue 
of Floating Rate Notes may specify the relevant benchmark, the relevant administrator and whether such 
administrator appears on the ESMA register referred to above. 
16 
LEI 
The LEI of the Issuer is 969500QKVPV2H8UXM738.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
I hereby certify, after having taken all reasonable measures in this regard, that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is, to the best of my knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its 
import.  
CNP Assurances 
4, place Raoul Dautry 
75015 Paris 
France 
duly represented by: 
 
Stéphane Dedeyan 
Chief Executive Officer 
on 10 September 2021 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 10 September 2021 and is valid until 10 September 2022 and shall, 
during this period and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed 
by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This 
Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°21-391.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
 
CNP Assurances 
4 place Raoul Dautry 
75015 Paris 
France 
 
Arranger 
 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Dealers 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2  
DO2RF29  
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A.  
Calle de Ayala, 42  
28001 Madrid  
Spain  
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
J.P. Morgan AGTaunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany

--- Page 261 ---
261 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France  
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
UBS Europe SE  
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4,  
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany  
 
 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
 
Société Générale 
Securities Services 
32, avenue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 
44308 Nantes CEDEX 3 
France 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
Mazars 
Tour Exaltis 
61, rue Henri-Regnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
as to French law 
To the Dealers 
as to French law 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
15, rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris 
France 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
CS 9005 
75379 Paris Cedex 08  
France